9788190737203	Memory Remains:Journey Of An Indian To The U.S. & Back	Prashant Karhade	Paperback	Memory Remains: Journey Of An Indian To The US & Back, as the sub-title says, is about the journey of an Indian to the US and back. It is a fiction novel written by Prashant Karhade and loosely based on events from his own life. But in many ways, it is about the journey of every Indian who goes to the US, then ends up working there, and faces the dilemmas about whether to stay in the US for good or return to India. The book also tries to capture the essence of the 8 years from 1995 to 2003, which were very important from a historical standpoint because they coincided with the rise of the internet, the boom before the dot com bubble burst in 2000, and life after that.<br>Avinash the protagonist of the novel, or Avi as he is fondly called by his loved ones, decides to go down memory lane and pen down all his memories, for want of anything better to do. His memoirs will take you to Satara (a city in Maharashtra, India), St Johns High School (in Mumbai, India), Ruparel college (in Mumbai, India), IIT Bombay (in Mumbai, India), Vanderbilt University (in Nashville, Tennessee, US), and Intel headquarters (in Santa Clara, California). If you have visited or been to any of these places or if you are an Indian who has traversed the same or similar trajectory as Avi, this book will strike a chord like no other! If you are not an Indian, this book will take you to an unknown world, most probably a world that is quite different from the one you grew up in, which should hopefully be interesting. It will also give you an inside peek into the lives of Indian techies who come to the US, their dreams, their passions, the lives that they lead as graduate students in American universities, and the lives that they lead as working professionals in American hi-tech companies.<br>Avi absolutely adores Madhuri Dixit (the Bollywood actress) and VVS Laxman (the Indian cricketer). He is a true music lover and simply loves Metallica, Eagles, Pearl Jam, GNR, RHCP, Rolling Stones, Nirvana, U2, Pink Floy, Led Zeppelin, and Doors, and pays tribute to these music Gods through his memoirs. And during his stay in the US, he also ends up loving American fotball and baseball, America's passion and favorite pastime respectively. If you share Avi's passions and would-die-to-meet-them-at-least-once list, again, this book would strike a chord like no other!<br>Avi has many successes and many failures in his life, but he tries to learn from each one of them. He also meets many people in his life and tries to learn from them as well. So on a deeper level, Memory Remains is about success & failure, learning from failures, learning from other people, self-help & self improvement, finding oneself, finding God. In other words, the book is about life itself! So if you are a spiritual person and a seeker like Avi is, you will absolutely love this book!	2010	APK	272	English				FIC000000
9788190737234	Making It On My Own:Ten Inspiring Storie of Your Entrepreneur-Next-Door	Prashant Karhade	Paperback	Making It On My Own: Ten Inspiring Stories Of Your Entrepreneur-next-door is a non-fiction book about entrepreneurship. It is a compilation of stories of ten real-life entrepreneurs who are into ten diverse businesses: power plant equipment manufacturing, metal fabrication, software development, printing, IIT JEE coaching, private healthcare, stone crushing, IT training, international education consulting, and construction. The diversity in the businesses is by design, not by accident, to make the book as informative as possible, and also to highlight the fact that the underlying principles to succeed in any business are the same. But the stories are also quite entertaining as opposed to being just informative, dry, and emotionless. So this book is guaranteed to be a fun read!<br>If you want to know how to start a business, or how to come up with a business plan or business strategy, or how to do business development, this book will definitely help you. It contains stories of people who hail from Indian middle-class backgrounds but decided to start their own small business. They all had a fledgling business start up at one point, but they survived the tough initial phase, and now have sizeable businesses to show for it, some of which can be definitely and legitimately categorized as mid-scale businesses. There are plenty of things that you can learn and many practical ideas that you can get from these real-life small business stories. I daresay, these ten stories were the business case studies that you were looking for!	2010	APK	234	English				FIC000000
9788190737241	In Their Shoes	Dipen Ambalia	Paperback	In Their Shoes... is a fiction book by Dipen Ambalia. It contains stories of 17 different characters and each story tries to visualise the world from their angle...So essentially, the book is about seeing the world by being in somebody else's shoes...<br>Normally, we buy a book to unwind ourselves by reading some humorous stuff, or to help ourselves by reading self-help books to get some fundas about life by some spiritual guru. Sometimes we read informational books to know certain facts of some event or a personality. In short, every book serves a purpose for which the author and publisher have spent so much time, money, and effort on a book. Similarly, Dipen started writing this book with the intention of opening the eyes of people to the ordinary people around us. In other words, he wants to bring about a social transformation with his book. It might sound like a lofty statement, but that is his goal and the truth! Read the book and let him know if he has succeeded in it or not!	2010	APK	166	English				FIC000000
9788190737272	Kiki and Meeka	Prashant Karhade/Milind Deshpande	Paperback	Kiki & Meeka will teach your kid the value that you have to help those who help you, although in a very subtle and implicit way. The concept of the 4 directions (North, East, West, and South) is also seamlessly built into the story. It will also teach your kid a strategy to implement if one gets lost, which can be a starting point for many meaningful discussions.	2010	APK	24 (colour pages)	English				FIC000000
9788190737289	Jumbo The Aeroplane	Prashant Karhade / Milind Deshpande	Paperback	Jumbo The Aeroplane will give your kid information about all the major parts of an aeroplane and their uses, with simple but great illustrations. A memory test of the parts is also built into the story. So rest assured that it will stimulate your kid s grey cells.	2010	APK	24 (colour pages)	English				FIC000000
9788190737296	The Hungry Python	Prashant Karhade / Milind Deshpande	Paperback	The Hungry Python conveys to your kid the essence of the life of a python in a simple story with lively illustrations. Additionally, the days of the week are seamlessly built into the story.	2010	APK	24 (colour pages)	English				FIC000000
9788191091816	Ripples:Short Stories by Indian Women Writers	Compiled by Prashant Karhade with contributions by 27 writers	Paperback	When you bring together 48 stories from 26 exceptionally talented Indian women writers, you can expect imaginations, passions, and emotions to set pages aflame. Ripples is the result of one such effort. It is an anthology of short fiction stories that showcases superior creative writing and is a great representative of contemporary Indian women s writing. Though the stories vary greatly in genre, style of presentation, and length, the issues and choices faced by the protagonists of the stories are exemplary in their portrayal of the duality and contradictions of the contemporary world. Written with great dexterity, eloquence, and sensitivity, these stories are sure to leave their lasting ripples on your mind and heart. With stories by first-timers as well as by national and international award-winning writers, this book is a must-read for one and all!	2010	APK	272	English				FIC000000
9788191091809	The Dinosaur Cloud	Prashant Karhade/Milind Deshpande	Paperback	The Dinosaur Cloud will teach your kid the concept of speed and which vehicles are faster than which vehicles. The story uses clouds to teach this concept in a very interesting way, and will implicitly teach your kids to look at the clouds as you can see fascinating shapes in them.	2010	APK	24 (colour pages)	English				FIC000000
