9780600617426	Top 10 of Everything 2010,Discover More Than Just the No. 1!	Russell Ash		We all know someone who thinks they know everything, but do they know which 10 people swam the Channel the fastest? Or which 10 countries eat the most meat? From the basic to the bizarre, Top 10 of Everything 2010 answers these questions and many, many more, with brand new and updated lists and over 7,000 of the most intriguing facts about history, science, sports, music, movies, nature, people and places. And once you've discovered when the 10 worst airship disasters occurred, it's time to test your memory with the all-new Top 10 of Everything interactive DVD! Crammed with quirky questions based on facts found within the book, this fantastic quiz is guaranteed to entertain friends and family of all ages for hours.	2009-09-07	Octopus Publishing Group		English				ZZZ000000
9781904233886	New moon	Stephenie Meyer		I stuck my finger under the edge of the paper and jerked it under the tape. Shoot, I muttered when the paper sliced my finger. A single drop of blood oozed from the tiny cut. It all happened very quickly then. No! Edward roared; Dazed and disorientated, I looked up from the bright red blood pulsing out of my arm - and into the fevered eyes of the six suddenly ravenous vampires. For Bella Swan, there is one thing more important than life itself: Edward Cullen. But being in love with a vampire is more dangerous than Bella ever could have imagined. Edward has already rescued Bella from the clutches of an evil vampire but now, as their daring relationship threatens all that is near and dear to them, they realise their troubles may just be beginning.	2007	Atom		English				ZZZ000000
9781904233657	Twilight	Stephenie Meyer		Op haar nieuwe school leert de 17-jarige Bella een mysterieuze jongen kennen op wie ze ogenblikkelijk verliefd wordt. Hij blijkt een groot geheim te hebben..	2007-04-30	Atom		English				ZZZ000000
9780340819807	Fish!,a remarkable way to boost morale and improve results	Stephen C. Lundin&Harry Paul&John Christensen		Imagine a workplace where everyone chooses to bring energy, passion and a positive attitude to the job every day. In this engrossing parable, a fictional manager has the responsibility of turning a chronically unenthusiastic and unhelpful department into an effective team. Seattle's Pike Place Fish is a world famous market that is wildly successful thanks to its fun, bustling, joyful atmosphere and great customer service. By applying ingeniously simple lessons learned from the Pike Place, our manager discovers how to energise and transform her workplace. Addressing today's most pressing work issues with an engaging metaphor and an appealing message, Fish! offers wisdom that is easy to grasp, instantly applicable, and profound.	2001	Hodder Mobius		English				ZZZ000000
9780749913786	Many lives, many masters,the true story of a prominent psychiatrist, his young patient and the past-life therapy that changed both of their lives	Brian Leslie Weiss		Over 1, 000, 00 copies sold	1994-06-23	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9788190617314	My Friend Sancho	Amit Varma		When crime reporter Abir Ganguly is called out by the police to cover a routine arrest one night, the last thing he expects is a shootout. But bullets are fired and a man is dead. Did the cops screw up? Abir's boss, not knowning that he was at the scene of the crime, wants him to file a story about the victim. For this, he must meet Muneeza, aka Sancho, the dead man's teenage daughter. Over the days, an unlikely friendship forms betweet the glib, wise-cracking 'armchair cynic' and the simple girl who 'travels on buses'. Can their fragile relationship survive the circumstances that brought them together? More importantly, can it survive the machinations of the jealous lizard that shares Abir's flat?	2010-01-21	Hatchette India		English				ZZZ000000
9780751536140	The five people you meet in heaven	Mitch Albom		THE FIVE PEOPLE YOU MEET IN HEAVEN is a wonderfully moving fable that addresses the meaning of life, and life after death, in the poignant way that made TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE such an astonishing book. The novel's protagonist is an elderly amusement park maintenance worker named Eddie who, while operating a ride called the 'Free Fall', dies while trying to save a young girl who gets in the way of a falling cart that hurtles to earth. Eddie goes to heaven, where he meets five people who were unexpectedly instrumental in some way in his life. While each guide takes him through heaven, Eddie learns a little bit more about what his time on earth meant, what he was supposed to have learned, and what his true purpose on earth was. Throughout there are dramatic flashbacks where we see scenes from his troubled childhood, his years in the army in the Philippines jungle, and with his first and only love, his wife Marguerite. THE FIVE PEOPLE YOU MEET IN HEAVEN is the perfect book to follow TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE. Its compellingly affecting themes and lyrical writing will fascinate Mitch Albom's huge readership.	2004	Time Warner Paperbacks		English				ZZZ000000
9780752884202	The Bourne Sanction	Eric Van Lustbader&Robert Ludlum's		For university professor David Webb - forever caught between two identities - life can never be ordinary. Lately he seems to have found some well-earned normality. But David is still haunted by the splintered nightmares his former life - as Jason Bourne.Soon he finds himself embroiled in a Central Intelligence operation to hunt down a terrorist organisation planning a major attack, and is plunged into the deadliest and most tangled assignment of his double life - and the murky underworld he's been trying to escape.With his own side trying to take him down, all the while an assassin as brilliant and damaged as himself is getting closer by the minute . . .	2008-09-04	Hachette		English				ZZZ000000
9781847441843	The Host	Stephenie Meyer		Melanie Stryder refuses to fade away. The earth has been invaded by a species that takes over the minds of their human hosts while leaving their bodies intact, and most of humanity has succumbed. Wanderer, the invading 'soul' who has been given Melanie's body, knew about the challenges of living inside a human: the overwhelming emotions, the too-vivid memories. But there was one difficulty Wanderer didn't expect: the former tenant of her body refusing to relinquish possession of her mind. Melanie fills Wanderer's thoughts with visions of the man Melanie loves - Jared, a human who still lives in hiding. Unable to separate herself from her body's desires, Wanderer yearns for a man she's never met. As outside forces make Wanderer and Melanie unwilling allies, they set off to search for the man they both love.	2008	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9780349118741	In spite of the gods,the strange rise of modern India	Edward Luce		A new reign of terror has brought fear and hatred to the land, while an ancient legend stirs in the heart of the wildwood ?The Norman conquest of England is complete ? but for one young man the battle has only just begun. When Bran ap Brychan?s father is murdered by Norman soldiers, he flees to London, seeking justice. The journey is long and hard ? and the suffering of those he meets along the way fuels his anger. With his demands dismissed, Bran has no choice but to return home, but a worse fate still awaits him there. His lands have been confiscated and his people subjugated by a brutal and corrupt regime.Should Bran flee for his life or protect his people by surrendering to his father?s murderers? The answer, perhaps, is known only to the Raven King ? a creature of myth and magic born of the darkest shadows in the forest.Stephen R. Lawhead?s Hood brings to life the legend of Robin Hood as never before.	2007	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780751540642	The Host	Stephenie Meyer		Melanie Stryder refuses to fade away. The earth has been invaded by a species that takes over the minds of their human hosts while leaving their bodies intact, and most of humanity has succumbed.Wanderer, the invading 'soul' who has been given Melanie's body, knew about the challenges of living inside a human: the overwhelming emotions, the too-vivid memories. But there was one difficulty Wanderer didn't expect: the former tenant of her body refusing to relinquish possession of her mind.Melanie fills Wanderer's thoughts with visions of the man Melanie loves - Jared, a human who still lives in hiding. Unable to separate herself from her body's desires, Wanderer yearns for a man she's never met. As outside forces make Wanderer and Melanie unwilling allies, they set off to search for the man they both love.	2009	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9780751538915	The Notebook	Nicholas Sparks		Set amid the austere beauty of the North Carolina coast, The Notebook begins with the story of Noah Calhoun, a rural Southerner recently returned form the Second World War. Noah is restoring a plantation home to its former glory, and he is haunted by images of the beautiful girl he met fourteen years earlier, a girl he loved like no other. Unable to find her, yet unwilling to forget the summer they spent together, Noah is content to live with only memories...until she unexpectedly returns to his town to see him once again.Like a puzzle within a puzzle, the story of Noah and Allie is just the beginning. As it unfolds, their tale miraculously becomes something different, with much higher stakes. The result is a deeply moving portrait of love itself, the tender moments and the fundamental changes that affect us all. It is a story of miracles and emotions that will stay with you forever.	2006-05-04	Time Warner		English				FIC027050
9781905654604	New Moon. Film Tie-In	Stephenie Meyer		I stuck my finger under the edge of the paper and jerked it under the tape. 'Shoot,' I muttered when the paper sliced my finger. A single drop of blood oozed from the tiny cut. It all happened very quickly then. 'No!' Edward roared . . . Dazed and disoriented, I looked up from the bright red blood pulsing out of my arm - and into the fevered eyes of the six suddenly ravenous vampires.For Bella Swan, there is one thing more important than life itself: Edward Cullen. But being in love with a vampire is more dangerous than Bella ever could have imagined. Edward has already rescued Bella from the clutches of an evil vampire but now, as their daring relationship threatens all that is near and dear to them, they realise their troubles may just be beginning . . .	2009-10	Little, Brown Book Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780349119854	The Undercover Economist	Tim Harford		Who makes most money from thedemand for cappuccinos early in the morning at WaterlooStation?Why is it impossible to get a foot on the propertyladder?How do the Mafia make money from laundries when streetgangs pushing drugs donrsquo;t?Who really benefits from immigration?How can China, in just 50 years, go from theworldrsquo;s worst famine to one of the greatesteconomic revolutions of all time, lifting a millionpeople out of poverty a month?Looking at familiar situations in unfamiliar ways, THEUNDERCOVER ECONOMIST is a fresh explanation of thefundamental principles of the modern economy, illuminatedby examples from the streets of London to the boomingskyscrapers of Shanghai to the sleepy canals of Bruges.Leaving behind textbook jargon and equations, Tim Harfordwill reveal the games of signals and negotiations,contests of strength and battles of wit that drive notonly the economy at large but the everyday choices wemake.	2007-01-31	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780751538946	A walk to remember	Nicholas Sparks		The last person Landon thought he would fall for was Jamie Sullivan, daughter of the town's Baptist minister. A quiet girl, Jamie seemed content living in a world apart from the other teens. She took care of her widowed father, rescued hurt animals and volunteered at the local orphanage.Landon would never have dreamed of asking her out, but a twist of fate threw them together when he found himself without a partner for the school dance. In the months that followed, Landon discovered truths that most people take a lifetime to learn - about the joy of giving, the pain of loss and, most of all, the transforming nature of love. Being with Jamie would show him the depths of the human heart and lead him to a decision so stunning it would send him irrevocably on the road to manhood . . .	2006	Time Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9781847442918	Have a Little Faith	Mitch Albom		Will you do my eulogy?With those words, Mitch Albom begins his long-awaited return to non-fiction. His journey to honour the last request of a beloved clergyman ultimately leads him to rekindle his own long-ignored faith. Albom spends years exploring churches and synagogues, the suburbs and the city, the "us" versus "them" of religion. Slowly, he gravitates to an inner-city pastor of a crumbling church that houses the homeless, and is stunned at how similar belief can be. As his own beloved cleric slowly lets go, Albom writes his final farewell, having learned that a faithful heart comes in many forms and places.	2009-09-15	Little, Brown Book Group		English				ZZZ000000
9781409102984	Robert Ludlum's The Bourne Deception	Lustbader&Eric Van;Ludlum&Robert Ludlum&Robert		Jason Bourne's nemesis Arkadin is still hot on his trail and the two continue their struggle, reversing roles of hunter and hunted. When Bourne is ambushed and badly wounded, he fakes his death and goes into hiding. In safety, he takes on a new identity, and begins a mission to find out who tried to assassinate him. Jason begins to question who he really is, how much of him is tied up in the Bourne identity, and what he would become if that was suddenly taken away from him. Meanwhile, an American passenger airliner is shot down over Egypt by what seems to be an Iranian missile. A massive global investigative team is assembled to get at the truth of the situation before it can escalate into an international scandal. Jason Bourne's search for the man who shot him intersects with the search for the people that brought down the airliner, leading Bourne into one of the most deadly and challenging situations he has ever encountered. With the threat of a new world war brewing, Bourne finds himself in a race against time to uncover the truth and find the person behind his assault, all the while being stalked by his unknown nemesis.	2009	Hachette Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780751538922	Message in a Bottle	Nicholas Sparks		Divorcee Theresa Osborne, newspaper columnist and mother of a twelve-year-old son, picks up a bottle on the beach during a seaside vacation. Inside is a letter from a man called Garrett. My dearest Catherine, I miss you my darling, as I always do, but today is particularly hard because the ocean has been singing to me, and the song is that of our life together . . . For Garrett, his message is the only way he knows to express his undying love for a woman he has lost. For Theresa, wary of romance since her husband shattered her trust, the message raises questions that intrigue her. Who are Garrett and Catherine? What is their story? Challenged by the mystery and unaccountably drawn to find him, Theresa embarks on a search that takes her to a sunlit coast town and an unexpected confrontation . . .	2006-05-04	Time Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9780749916206	Only love is real,the story of soulmates reunited	Brian Weiss		'A gripping love story that transcends time... this book makes you truly believe that we all really do have soulmates, and that "only love is real".' - Raymond Moody MD, PhD, author of Life After Death'A fascinating story that will open your mind. Explore the mystery, wisdom and wonder of life and love' - Bernie Siegel, MD, author of Life, Medicine and Miracles.	1997-02-28	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780340937846	The Art of War	Sun Tzu&James Clavell		In the fifth century BC, Sun Tzu wrote: 'In peace prepare for war, in war prepare for peace. The art of war is of vital importance to the state. It is a matter of life and death. A road either to safety or ruin. Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected...' In the twentieth century: 'I truly believe that if our military and political leaders in recent times had studied this work of genius, Vietnam could not have happened as it happened; we would not have lost the war in Korea (we lost it because we did not achieve victory); the But of Pigs could not have occurred; the hostage fiasco in lran would not have come to pass; the British Empire would not have been dismembered; and, in all probability, World Wars I and II would have been avoided...'	2006-05	Hodder And Stoughton Ltd.		English				ZZZ000000
9780340933480	The Charlemagne Pursuit	Steve Berry		Ex-agent Cotton Malone wants to know what really happened to his father, officially lost at sea when his submarine went down in the north Atlantic in 1971. But when he uses his government contacts to obtain the submarines sealed file, he finds he is not the only person looking for answers. Malone is in the line of fire when he is attacked in an attempt to take the file. He is pitched into a lethal power struggle between Dorothea Lindauer and Christl Falk, twin sisters whose twisted ambition takes sibling rivalry to new levels. Malone and the twins embark on a dangerous adventure involving Nazi explorations in Antarctica, US government conspiracies, and a series of cryptic historical clues built into the legend of Charlemagne. Forced to choose a side when neither can win, Malone is determined to uncover the truth behind his father's death but will he be able to escape his own?	2009-10-29	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780349121376	The Marriage Bureau for Rich People	Farahad Zama		What does somebody with a wealth of common sense do if retirement palls?Why, open a marriage bureau, of course. And soon Mr Ali, from beautiful Vizag in South India, sees his new business flourish as the indomitable Mrs Ali and able assistant Aruna look on with careful eyes.But although many clients go away happy, problems lurk behind the scenes as Aruna nurses a heart-rending secret; while Mr Ali cannot see that he rarely follows the sage advice he so freely dishes out to others. And when love comes calling for Aruna, an impossible dilemma looms...A colourful coastal town and contemporary marriage bureau prove a perfect backdrop for a splendid array of characters making sense of all sorts of pride and prejudice ? and the ways in which true love won't quite let go ? in this witty and big-hearted debut novel.	2008-10-02	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780749921675	Messages from the Masters,Tapping Into the Power of Love	Brian L. Weiss		Messages from the Masters goes beyond his previous bestsellers. It draws on Weiss's fascinating case histories and the wisdom of his spirit guides to help you bring joy, balance and harmony into your life. You will learn how to use the amazing power of love to rid yourself of fear, worry, sadness, anger and other negative thoughts and emotions, and bring love and healing into your life and into the lives of those around you.Both inspirational and down to earth, Messages from the Masters is a spiritual guidebook which will change how you think about the world for ever.	2000-07-27	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780751539257	The Choice	Nicholas Sparks		Travis Parker has everything a man could want: a good job; loyal friends; his dream home in small-town North Carolina. In full pursuit of the good life, he believes that a serious relationship with a woman would only cramp his style. That is until Gabby Holland moves in next door. Despite Travis's attempts to be friendly, she seems to have a chip on her shoulder about him. But something compels Travis to get to know his new neighbour. His persistent efforts lead them both to make tough decisions, the consequences of which neither could have foreseen. The Choice confronts us with that most heart-wrenching question of all: how far would you go to keep the hope of love alive?	2008-03-17	Little, Brown Book Group		English				FIC027000
9780340998793	When Everything Changes Change Everything	Neale Donald Walsch		A dear one has died. Or a romantic relationship has ended. Or a job that was once going to be your career has just evaporated. Or your child has left home. Or you`ve moved to a new town. Or you`re suddenly facing a health crisis, or a financial crisis, or a crisis of faith . . . . . . whatever the circumstance, you are sure about one thing: Nothing will ever be the same. Deep sadness, even bitter negativity, can sometimes follow. What to do then? End the life you`ve been living? Yes. That`s the startling answer from modern-day spiritual messenger Neale Donald Walsch in a book that will touch the lives of people around the world with the same uplifting hopefulness as his Conversations with God. When Everything Changes, Change Everything speaks to the heart of every person who has lost their bearings in the aftermath of a major life change and to those who would help them. A strikingly clear, imminently and immediately useful text, it offers God-inspired insights on the way to move on and a breathtaking reason to do so. Here is a practical application of the fresh perspectives of the New Spirituality, with wonderful tools for healing and living and a brand-new definition of God that could make every mystery of life clear up overnight.	2009-05-21	Hatchette India		English				OCC000000
9788190617321	Faking It	Chowdhury Amrita		" Get art. Get duped. Get even. Financeexpert,TaraMalhotra, forced to quit her job and follow her husbandon a job promotion and transfer back from the States?and hating every minute of it?decides to bring some excitement into her empty, high-society Mumbai life by indulging her taste for contemporary Indian art. Determined to setup an art gallery of her own she sets about acquiring the perfect trophy piece to set off her collection. So when the charismatic Roy Jordan tells her about an exquisite, recently - stumbled-upon work by the legendary artist, Amrita Sher - Gil, she set sher heart ? and all her savings?on acquiring it. But the painting is not what it is trumped up to be. Faced with a depleted bank balance, a crumbling marriage, and the ignominy of being duped, Tara is determined to expose the man who swindled her? And in the process stumbles head long into the unsavoury goings-on that dog the world of contemporary Indian art"	2009-01-01	Hachette India		English				ZZZ000000
9780755347513	Raiders from the north	Alex Rutherford		The epic story of the rise and fall of one of the most powerful and opulent dynasties in history. It is 1494 when the ruler of Ferghana dies in an extraordinary accident. His only son, twelve-year-old Babur, faces a seemingly impossible challenge. Young Babur is determined to live up to the example of his great ancestor, Tamburlaine -- Timur the Warrior -- whose conquests transformed the face of the earth from Delhi to the Mediterranean, from wealthy Persia to the wildernesses along the Volga. But he is dangerously young to inherit a kingdom. Before Babur can summon enough warlords to declare him the rightful king of Ferghana, plots against his crown, even his life, are hatching. And soon, as his obsession with Timur`s legacy and the fabled city of Samarkand grows, and Babur becomes a man, he will discover that even the bravest and most fearless leader can be betrayed. With the wisest of advisers and most courageous of warriors by his side, Babur can achieve a great destiny and found an empire in India, but every step of his journey will be fraught with danger, in a world of tribal rivalries, rampaging armies and ruthlessly ambitious enemies.	2009-08-01	Headline Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780340821947	Fish! tales,real-life stories to help you transform your workplace and your life	Stephen C. Lundin&Harry Paul&John Christensen		This inspiring follow up to FISH! offers exciting case-studies of how companies are applying the fish philosophy to meet their unique goals and needs. FISH TALES features four real-life stories of the fish principle in action - to help you 'reel' in new possibilities in the workplace - and four short chapters, also from actual organisations, on the four principles of the FISH! philosophy. Using a short, easy-to-read format, it effectively communicates a message that applies to every kind of business. These stimulating examples of re-energised companies are perfect for those wanting to dive deeper into the FISH! philosophy and create that amazing environment in their own workplace.	2003-05-12	Hodder Mobius		English				ZZZ000000
9780340919255	Daughters of Shame	Jasvinder Sanghera		Jasvinder Sanghera knows what it means to flee from your family under threat of forced marriage - and to face the terrible consequences that follow. As a young girl that was just what she had to do. Having overcome terrible odds and rebuilt her life, she now works to help those in similar circumstances, often at great personal risk. In DAUGHTERS OF SHAME she reveals the previously hidden stories of some of these women, and tells of how she helped them to escape not just oppression but in some cases great danger. Following the publication of her own story in SHAME, Jasvinder has brought the issue of forced marriage into the public eye and helped the Forced Marriage bill to go through Parliament. In DAUGHTERS OF SHAME she tells the harrowing but ultimately hopeful stories of strong women facing - and triumphing over - the ultimate oppression.	2009-01-08	Hodder And Stoughton Ltd.		English				ZZZ000000
9781905654567	Untamed,a house of night novel	P. C. Cast&Kristin Cast		A week ago Zoey had a group of special friends, three boyfriends and a (kinda) clear conscience. Now she has none of the above. Luckily ice-queen Aphrodite is showing signs of melting and ex-roomie Stevie Rae isn't as dead as she'd thought. Though Stevie's now hanging out in tunnels with freaks - gross. If she can get them to listen, Zoey will need all her friends as events take a frightening turn at the House of Night school for vampyres. Shocking true intentions are about to come to light, loyalties will be tested and an ancient evil is about to rise again. Some days being special just doesn't seem all that ... - Not suitable for younger readers -	2009-08-06	Atom		English				ZZZ000000
9780749925413	Same Soul, Many Bodies	Brian Leslie Weiss		In his brilliant long-awaited new book, Brian Weiss reveals how our future lives can transform us in the present. We have all lived past lives. All of us will live future ones. What we do in this life will influence our lives to come as we evolve towards immortality.In this new book, the bestselling author of Many Lives, Many Masters, has not only regressed his patients into the past, but also progressed them into the future. He has discovered that our futures are variable - the choices we make now will determine the quality of our life when we return.For the first time, Brian Weiss takes patients into the future in a responsible, healing way. Using dozens of case histories, Weiss demonstrates the therapeutic benefits of progression therapy to bring patients more peace, joy and healing, just as he has shown that journeys into our past lives can cure physical or emotional wounds in the present.	2004-11-04	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780340750155	The Art of Happiness,A Handbook for Living	Howard C. Cutler		This will be the first book by the Dalai Lama written to appeal to a general audience and focusing on the practical application of his spiritual values. The Dalai Lama's commentary is amplified and augmented from a contemporary western perspective by psychiatrist Howard Cutler to make this a genuinely accessible self-help guide. Addressing every kind of daily problem, the subjects covered include: the sources of happiness; desire and greed; marriage and romance; resolving conflict; facing our suffering; overcoming fear and anxiety; anger and hatred; honesty and self-confidence; finding balance.	1999-01-01	Coronet		English				ZZZ000000
9781905654574	Hunted: The House Of Night-5	P. C. Cast&Kristin Cast		'The door closed with a sickening thud of finality, shutting my friends out and leaving me alone with my enemy, a fallen angel, and the monstrous bird creature his ancient lust had created. Then I did something I'd only done twice before in my life. I fainted.' It's all happening, though Zoey Redbird wishes it wasn't. She has her friends back, which is great. But a dark angel has taken over the House of Night, supported by High Priestess Neferet. Not so great. This leaves Zoey hiding out with the (supposedly friendly) red fledglings in Tulsa's prohibition-era tunnels. The not greatness continues. Zoey has some boy-thoughts to distract her, with a chance to make-up with super-hot-ex Eric. But thoughts of the archer that died, semi-permanently, in her arms also keep distracting her. Then he shows up as Neferet's newest minion. Well, hell. Zoey and friends need a plan to put things right, soon, if she's to keep both head and heart intact. - Not suitable for younger readers -	2009-09-03	Little, Brown Book Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780719560033	Empires of the Indus,the story of a river	Alice Albinia		One of the largest rivers in the world, the Indus rises in the Tibetan mountains, flows west across northern India and south through Pakistan. For millennia it has been worshipped as a god; for centuries used as a tool of imperial expansion; today it is the cement of Pakistans fractious union. Five thousand years ago, a string of sophisticated cities grew and traded on its banks. In the ruins of these elaborate metropolises, Sanskrit-speaking nomads explored the river, extolling its virtues in Indias most ancient text, the Rig-Veda. During the past two thousand years a series of invaders Alexander the Great, Afghan Sultans, the British Raj made conquering the Indus valley their quixotic mission. For the people of the river, meanwhile, the Indus valley became a nodal point on the Silk Road, a centre of Sufi pilgrimage and the birthplace of Sikhism. Empires of the Indus follows the river upstream and back in time, taking the reader on a voyage through two thousand miles of geography and more than five millennia of history redolent with contemporary importance.	2008-05-15	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780340893074	The Secret Seven	Enid Blyton		It's their very first adventure, and the Secret Seven super-sleuths are already on the trail of some really weird clues. Its snowing and the Seven are dressed in disguise, following a lead to a spooky old house - and a mystery.	2004	Hodder Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780719560057	Empires of the Indus,The Story of a River	Alice Albinia		One of the largest rivers in the world, the Indus rises in the Tibetan mountains, flows west across northern India and south through Pakistan. For millennia it has been worshipped as a god; for centuries used as a tool of imperial expansion; today it is the cement of Pakistans fractious union.Five thousand years ago, a string of sophisticated cities grew and traded on its banks. In the ruins of these elaborate metropolises, Sanskrit-speaking nomads explored the river, extolling its virtues in Indias most ancient text, the Rig-Veda. During the past two thousand years a series of invaders Alexander the Great, Afghan Sultans, the British Raj made conquering the Indus valley their quixotic mission. For the people of the river, meanwhile, the Indus valley became a nodal point on the Silk Road, a centre of Sufi pilgrimage and the birthplace of Sikhism.Empires of the Indus follows the river upstream and back in time, taking the reader on a voyage through two thousand miles of geography and more than five millennia of history redolent with contemporary importance.	2009-02-19	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780340831083	Fish! for life,a remarkable way to achieve your dreams	Stephen C. Lundin&Harry Paul&John Christensen		The internationally acclaimed business bestseller FISH! and follow ups FISH! TALES and FISH! STICKS have been a massive global success ndash; with over a million copies sold in the States and over 400,000 copies in the UK. Now, for the first time, we're shown how to put the unique FISH! Philosophy into action in all areas of our lives, ranging from losing weight to improving our personal finances. Using the same easy-to-read parable format used in the original FISH! title, this is a both a true follow-up to that book (featuring two of the original characters) and a stand-alone work that can be read on its own. Through its unfolding story, we witness the many challenges encountered by a newly created family as they start building a life together ndash; working parents, growing family, school tension, economic stress, and weight gain ndash; and just how they are overcome. From this appealing metaphor we can obtain accessible wisdom and applicable insights which can be applied for achieving happiness and wellbeing in our own lives.	2004-12-06	Hodder Mobius		English				ZZZ000000
9780749918354	Through time into healing,how past life regression therapy can heal mind, body and soul	Brian Leslie Weiss		This book sheds new light on the extraordinary healing potential of past life therapy. It builds on the pioneering work Dr Weiss described in his first book, the worldwide bestseller Many Lives, Many Masters. Authoritative, accessible and based on extensive clinical experience Uses vivid past life case studies to show the many benefits of regression therapy - how it can overcome problems of obesity and substance abuse, create more loving relationships, uncover hidden talents, open the mind to mystical experiences and much more Includes techniques to explore past lives and access higher wisdom Compelling and thought provoking, Through Time Into Healing shows us how to help ourselves lead healthy, productive lives, secure in the knowledge that death is not the final word and that healing and wholeness are inside us.	1998-06-25	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780749927004	The 10-day MBA,A Step-by-Step Guide to Mastering the Skills Taught in Top Business Schools	Steven Silbiger		>THE 10-DAY MBA> is an essential business reference, summarising a top business school education in one easy-to-read volume. Cutting through the long-winded academic jargon, Steven Silbiger devotes a concise chapter to each discipline you will encounter on an MBA course - Marketing, Ethics, Accounting, Organisational Behaviour, Quantitative Analysis, Finance, Operations, Economics, and Strategy. On Day 10 the author gives a series of MBA mini courses on research, public speaking, negotiating, international business, and more.Significantly revised and updated, this third edition of Steven Silbiger's bestselling book has the latest facts, figures and trends, as well as new material on ethics in business post-Enron and personal finance. All-new mini-courses in property investment, business writing, leadership coaching, and financial planning have also been added.Prospective MBAs can use >THE 10-DAY MBA> to decide if they want to pursue a degree; those about to enter business school can use it to get a BIG head start on the competition; and those without the time and money can get the equivalent of an MBA education at 99 per cent off the list price. It places MBA skills within reach of all professionals in large and small companies, and will give them the competitive edge they seek.	2005-11-18	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780751535419	The wedding	Nicholas Sparks		After more than 20 years of marriage, Wilson Lewis, son-in-law of Allie and Noah Calhoun (of THE NOTEBOOK) is forced to admit that the romance has gone out of his marriage. Desperate to win back his wife Jane's heart, he must figure out how to make her fall in love with him . . . again. Despite the shining example of Allie and Noah's marriage, Wilson is himself a man unable to easily express his emotions. A successful tax attorney, he has provided well for his family, but now, with his daughter's upcoming wedding and an impending empty nest, he is forced to face the fact that he and Jane have grown apart and he wonders if she even loves him anymore. Wilson is sure of one thing - his love for his wife has only deepened and intensified over the years. Now, with the memories of his in-laws' magnificent fifty-year love affair as his guide, Wilson struggles to find his own way back into the heart of the woman he adores.	2004-05-20	Time Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9780755334797	The interpretation of murder	Jed Rubenfeld		The search for a serial killer during Sigmund Freud's 1909 visit to New York City, his one visit to the U.S., propels the plot of Yale law professor Rubenfeld's ambitious debut in this well-researched and thought-provoking novel.	2007	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780340765449	Conversations with God,an uncommon dialogue	Neale Donald Walsch		When Neale Donald Walsch was experiencing a low point in his life, he decided to write a letter to God. What he did not expect was a response and the result was Conversations with God Book 1. In Book 2, the dialogue expands to deal with the more global topics of geopolitical and metaphysical life on the planet, and the challenges now facing the world. This incredible series contains answers that will change you, your life, and the way you view other beings.	1999-07-15	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340826454	Fish! Sticks,A Remarkable Way to Adapt to Changing Times and Keep Your Work Fresh	Stephen C. Lundin&John Christensen&Harry Paul		The phenomenal international bestseller FISH! told the story of a fictional company that transformed itself by applying lessons learned from Seattle's Pike Place Fish Market. The follow-up FISH! TALES told of real-life companies that boosted morale and improved results by implementing these same principles. Now, following the huge success of these motivational titles, comes the latest inspiring addition to the series: FISH! STICKS. In this new, stimulating volume, the authors teach us how to effect change in our business and make it stick through tough and changing times such as turnover in management and staff. With the appealing, readable style which makes the FISH philosophy so accessible, FISH! STICKS shows us how to keep our work vital, alive and fresh, while maintaining those innovations that really work for your company.	2003-09-01	Hodder Mobius		English				ZZZ000000
9780751538939	A Bend in the Road	Nicholas Sparks		Miles Ryan's life seemed to end the day his wife was killed in a hit-and-run accident two years ago. As deputy sheriff of New Bern, North Carolina, he not only grieves for her and worries about their young son Jonah but longs to bring the unknown driver to justice. Then Miles meets Sarah Andrews, Jonah's second-grade teacher. A young woman recovering from a difficult divorce, Sarah moved to New Bern hoping to start over. Tentatively, Miles and Sarah reach out to each other . . . soon they are falling in love. But what neither realizes is that they are also bound together by a shocking secret, one that will force them to reexamine everything they believe in--including their love.	2006-06-01	Time Warner Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780751536560	True believer	Nicholas Sparks		As a science journalist with a regular column, Jeremy Marsh specializes in debunking the supernatural--until he falls in love with the granddaughter of the town psychic. Sparks' unforgettable #1 "New York Times" bestseller explores the deepest mysteries of all--those of the heart.	2005-04-01	Time Warner Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340952214	Duma Key	Stephen King		When Edgar Freemantle moves to Duma Key to escape his past, he doesn't expect to find much there. But Duma Key and its mysteries have been waiting for him. The shells beneath his house are whispering to him, and something in the view from his window urges him to discover a talent he never knew he had. Edgar Freemantle begins to paint. Even though he has lost an arm. And even though the hand he uses is the one he lost ...	2008	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780719560101	A Golden Age	Tahmima Anam		In the spring of 1971, Rehana Haque is throwing a party for her two children. What she does not know is that, after today, their lives will change forever . For this is East Pakistan, a country erupting into war. As she struggles to keep her children safe, Rehana will find herself faced with a heartbreaking dilemma. Set against the backdrop of the Bangladesh War of Independence, A Golden Ageis an unforgettable story of revolution, hope and unexpected heroism, and of the great lengths that can be traversed in the name of love.	2008-04-03	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780755318360	Globality,competing with everyone from everywhere for everything	Harold L. Sirkin&James W. Hemerling&Arindam K. Bhattacharya		Globality is very different from globalization, which primarily involves large western corporations expanding their operations and moving aggressively into new overseas markets. GLOBALITY radically defines a 'post-globalization' world, where companies from India, China, Russia, eastern Europe, Brazil and Mexico are expanding beyond their home base, entering and building new markets, creating whole industries, and competing for customers, resources, market share and attention. In short, the tide has turned. As a result, western companies need to understand these emerging new businesses and the economies they come from in order to stay ahead and stay alive. GLOBALITY is a stunning clarion call that provides a whole new view of how business will be conducted for years to come.	2008	Business Plus		English				ZZZ000000
9780297855613	The Blue Notebook	James A. Levine		THE BLUE NOTEBOOK, James A. Levine's first novel, tells the haunting story of Batuk, a 15-year old girl whose family, living in the Indian countryside, is in such poverty and debt that she is sold into sexual slavery and lives in a cage on the streets of Mumbai. Batuk is just one of many girls forced into prostitution, but against the odds, she manages to put pen to paper, writing stories of her life that help her transcend and make a certain sense of her daily existence. The novel is powerfully told in Batuk's voice, through the words she writes in her journal. Searing, moving, and surprisingly hopeful, THE BLUE NOTEBOOK explores how people, in the most difficult of circumstances, can use stories to understand and give meaning to their lives.	2009-07-09	Weidenfeld & Nicolson		English				ZZZ000000
9780753818923	The color purple	Alice Walker		'One of the most haunting books you could ever wish to read...it is stunning - moving, exciting, and wonderful' Lenny HenrySet in the deep American south between the wars, this is the classic tale of Celie, a young poor black girl. Raped repeatedly by her father, she loses two children and then is married off to a man who treats her no better than a slave. She is separated from her sister Nettie and dreams of becoming like the glamorous Shug Avery, a singer and rebellious black woman who has taken charge of her own destiny. Gradually Celie discovers the support of women that enables her to leave the past behind and begin a new life.	2004	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780349121390	The Many Conditions Of Love	Farahad Zama&Farahad		Can true love triumph in the face of fierce family opposition? Mr Ali's marriage bureau is flourishing but trouble isn't far away once son Rehman begins secretly to woo TV journalist Usha in the small cafes and on the beautiful beaches of South Indian Vizag in an ill-advised romance. Meanwhile the lovely Aruna has a problem or two all her own. She enjoys being Mr Ali's right-hand woman at the marriage bureau, having a wonderful husband Ram, and living in a mansion a far cry from her parents' cramped one-room house; but how long can Aruna remain happy once her spiteful sister-in-law Mani comes home to stay? When Usha's father finds out about Rehman, a Muslim, the fat is in the fire. And what will Mr and Mrs Ali have to say when they discover too their son has been dating a non-Muslim?	2010	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				FIC000000
9780752866505	Asterix in Belgium	Goscinny&Albert Uderzo		What a horror! Chief Vitalstatistix has learned that Caesar has called the Belgian tribes, and not the Gauls, the bravest he knows. Along with Asterix and Obelix, the chief goes to confront the Belgians--who, to his surprise, turn out to be very like the people in his own hometown.	2005-03-03	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780751540888	The Rescue	Nicholas Sparks		When confronted by raging fires or deadly accidents, volunteer fireman Taylor McAden feels compelled to take terrifying risks -- risks no-one else in the department would ever take -- to save lives. But there is one leap of faith Taylor cannot bring himself to make. He cannot fall in love. For all his adult years, Taylor has sought out women who need to be rescued, women he leaves as soon as their crisis is over, as soon as the relationship starts to become truly intimate.Then, one day, a raging, record-breaking storm hits his small Southern town. Denise Hilton, a young single mother, is driving through it when her car skids off the road. With her is her four-year-old son, Kyle, a boy with severe learning disabilities for whom she has sacrificed everything. Taylor finds her unconscious and bleeding, but when she wakes, the chilling truth is clear: Kyle is gone.During the search for Kyle, a connection between Taylor and Denise takes root.	2008-04-03	Time Warner Paperbacks		English				FIC027020
9780349117362	Universe in a Single Atom,How Science and Spirituality Can Serve Our World	Dalai Lama		In their bestselling books The Turin Shroud: In Whose Image and The Templar Revelation, Lynn Picknett and Clive Prince uncovered age-old conspiracies surrounding secret knowledge of Jesus, Mary Magdalene and John the Baptist, much of which centred on the activities of individuals and groups allegedly connected with the Priory of Sion. Now, in Decoding Sion, Picknett and Prince look more closely at this French-based organisation, said to be the ancient protector of great religious and historical secrets.Written in a similar style to The Stargate Conspiracy, where the authors argued that apparently bizarre belief systems actually hide real activity on behalf of intelligence agencies and of military and political movers and shakers, Decoding Sion will reveal just how important the Priory of Sion really is - and why we should all care?	2007-11-01	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780719561023	A million little pieces	James Frey		" The most lacerating tale of drug addiction since William S. Burroughs' Junky." "The Boston Globe" " Again and again, the book delivers recollections that leave the reader winded and unsteady. James Frey' s staggering recovery memoir could well be seen as the final word on the topic." "San Francisco Chronicle" " A brutal, beautifully written memoir." "The Denver Post" " Gripping . . . A great story . . . You can' t help but cheer his victory." "Los Angeles Times Book Review"	2004	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9781847442413	The Swan Thieves	Elizabeth Kostova		Psychiatrist Andrew Marlowe has a perfectly ordered life ? solitary, perhaps, but full of devotion to his profession and the painting hobby he loves. This order is destroyed when renowned painter Robert Oliver attacks a canvas in the National Gallery of Art and becomes his patient. Desperate to understand the secret that torments this genius, Marlowe embarks on a journey that leads him into the lives of the women closest to Oliver and a tragedy at the heart of French Impressionism. Kostova's masterful new novel travels from American cities to the coast of Normandy; from the late nineteenth century to the late twentieth, from young love to last love. The Swan Thieves is a story of obsession, history's losses, and the power of art to preserve hope.	2010	Little, Brown Book Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780340856529	Teach Yourself Beginner's Hindi	Rupert Snell		Teach Yourself Beginner's Hindi is a friendly introduction to the language that's easy to follow from start to finish. It will appeal to anyone who wants to learn Hindi but feels daunted by the prospect of complicated grammar, classes and coursebooks. Everything is explained in simple English and there are hints throughout to make learning easy. Readers may choose whether to learn the script or just to use the transliteration. The book covers everything you need for everyday situations including travel and tourism.	2003-11-28	Teach Yourself		English				ZZZ000000
9780755314157	The Gurkhas	John Parker		Their ferocity is as legendary as their loyalty to the British Monarch and their regimental histories are crammed with acts of incredible bravery and sacrifice. Their reputation as fearsome fighting men remains undisputed and the mere threat of their kukri knives has put the fear of God into opposing forces throughout the world. John Parker's book is a fascinating testimony to the Gurkhas - a fighting force that stands dramatically apart in British military history.	2005-05-23	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780349116655	Tears of the giraffe	Alexander McCall Smith		Following on from the brilliant The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency, Tears of the Giraffe charts the further adventures of Precious Ramotswe, Botswana's only - and finest - female private detective. It's going to take all her intuition and eminent sensibility for Precious to crack her hardest case yet: the decade-old disappearance of an American on the edge of the Kalahari. And if that wasn't enough, there are plenty of matters closer to home to concern her: her highly talented secretary, Mma Makutsi, eager to be promoted to detective; the unscrupulous maid of her husband-to-be, the wonderful Mr J. L. B. Matekoni; and the sudden - and unexpected - increase in her family by not one, but two.	2003-08-01	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780751538823	The Gate House	Nelson DeMille		When John Sutter's aristocratic wife killed her mafia don lover, John left America and set out in his sailboat on a three-year journey around the world, eventually settling in London. Now, ten years later, he has come home to the Gold Coast, the stretch of land on the North Shore of Long Island that once held the greatest concentration of wealth and power in America, to attend the imminent funeral of an old family servant. Taking up temporary residence in the gatehouse of Stanhope Hall, John finds himself living only a quarter of a mile from Susan, who has also returned to Long Island. But Susan isn't the only person from John's past who has reemerged. Though Frank Bellarosa, infamous Mafia don and Susan's ex-lover, is long dead, his son, Anthony, is alive and well, and intent on two missions: drawing John back into the violent world of the Bellarosa family, and exacting revenge on his father's murderer--Susan Sutter.	2009-05-20	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780349117423	In the company of cheerful ladies	Alexander McCall Smith		Precious Ramotswe, that cheerful Botswanan private investigator of 'traditional build', is now married to Mr J.L.B. Matekoni of Tlokweng Road Speedy Motors. The Agency is busy, but Mma Ramotswe cannot ignore the plea which is made by a woman who comes to her with a tale of particular misfortune. Unfortunately, her attempts to help are interrupted by a close encounter between her tiny white van and a bicycle, and by a spectacular disagreement between her assistant, Mma Makutsi, and one of the apprentices at the garage. This apprentice has found a fancy girlfriend who drives a Mercedes-Benz. How can he be rescued from his folly? And as for Mma Makutsi, she has found a dancing class, and a man who may not be able to dance very well, but who admires her greatly. And all of this happens against a background of quiet sessions of bush tea, and of a land that stretches out forever under mile upon mile of empty sky& Forget the library the body is in the mud hut. An African Miss Marple created by a Scottish lawyer . . . superb -Sunday Times. 'There is something almost divinely appealing about the way Alexander McCall Smith writes about daily life in Botswana&it is hard to think of a contemporary writer more genuinely engaging&(his) novels are also extremely funny: I find it impossible to think about them without smiling' -Craig Brown, Mail on Sunday	2005-02-01	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9781599951546	God Is A Salesman	Stevens&Mark		Those who pride themselves on being sales people, and others who shudder at the thought, have more in common than they think. Success in life and the ability to sell are bound inexorably. Whether you are moving Chevys off a showroom floor, inspiring others to achieve a corporate goal, spreading your philosophy on the right way to engage in real estate investing, or raising future honors students, you have to educate. You have to influence. You have to sell.Bestselling author Mark Stevens outlines God's teachings and how they can be applied to powerful careers and lives. Laced with anecdotes based on the experiences of the author and the many others he has known, loved, mentored, coached and partnered with, GOD IS A SALESMAN combines the commercial and spiritual to achieve extraordinary success and new dimensions in life.	2008-10-02	Center Street		English				ZZZ000000
9781858818269	Horrid Henry and the Bogey Babysitter	Francesca Simon&Tony Ross		Horrid Henry encounters the babysitter from hell, traumatizes his parents on a car journey, goes trick or treating at Hallowe'en, and sabotages his school project. Four stories, as brilliant and inventive as ever, to add to 'the funniest series ever written about sibling rivalry and what it's like to be a young child' - Independent on Sunday	2002-07-01	Orion Audio Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780752882154	Robert Ludlum's The Bourne Betrayal	Eric Lustbader		Jason Bourne takes a mission to rescue his only friend in the CIA, Martin Lindros, who disappeared in Africa while tracking shipments of yellowcake uranium. Once safely back in America, Lindros persuades Bourne to help track the money trail of terrorists buying the nuclear material. Bourne agrees - but soon suffers from confusing flashbacks of unfamiliar places and events. Is someone brainwashing him in order to throw him off the trail? Worse still, is the man he saved really Martin Lindros? Now Bourne is on his own - gathering evidence, while trying to stay one step ahead of the terrorists who are determined to destroy the USA . . .	2008-01-01	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780751539653	The Front	Patricia Cornwell		Massachusetts State Investigator Win Garano is given one of his most challenging cases yet when he is asked to investigate the death of a young British woman murdered more than forty years ago. Assumed to be a victim of the Boston Strangler, blind Janie Brolin was raped and left for dead in 1962.With no DNA and sketchy police records, this is a case that will test Garano to his limits. It will take him on a journey through the archives, into the latest innovations in forensic technology, and into partnership with senior officers at London's New Scotland Yard.And as Garano unearths deadly secrets from the past, his hard-nosed boss Monique Lamont is putting both their lives in jeopardy with her lust for power and success. With past and present colliding, the tension mounts with every page...	2008	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9780349118796	God's terrorists,the Wahhabi cult and the hidden roots of modern Jihad	Charles Allen		The brutal assasination ofCommissioner Frederick Mackeson on BritishIndiarsquo;s North-West Frontier in 1853 was abloody and public declaration of a conflict that was tostretch well into the next one hundred and fifty years.The Wahhabi tribe, extreme Islamist fundamentalists, setout to restore purity to their faith by declaring violentjihad on all who opposed them. Their history has longbeen forgotten and yet their vicious brand of politicalideology lives on. The Wahhabi deeply influenced not onlythe formation of modern Saudi Arabia, but Osama bin Ladenand the Taliban. Their teachings educate orphan boys inAfghanistan and press rifles into their hands, for thesake of jihad.The parallels between this pivotal terrorist network andour post-9/11 political climate are staggering. CharlesAllen sheds lights on the historical roots of modernterrorism and shows how this dangerous nineteenth-centurytheology lives on today.	2007-01-30	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9781842555460	Horrid Henry's Christmas Cracker	Francesca Simon&Tony Ross		Four fabulously funny stories that will invoke every family's worst Christmas nightmares, as Horrid Henry sabotages the school play, tries to do his Christmas shopping without spending his pocket money, ambushes Father Christmas with some serious accusations, and endures Christmas dinner with the guests from hell.	2006-10-26	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780719568138	Simplexity,The Simple Rules of a Complex World	Jeffrey Kluger		Why does kicking the TV work? What can the US military learn from the lowly bacterium? Why are the instruction manuals for cell phones incomprehensible? How does a spark of a single virus trigger an epidemic that claims millions? In recent years, cutting-edge studies in fields such as economics, genetics, stock-market analysis and child development have hit on a startling new theory acirc;euro;" acirc;euro;~simplexity'. To put it simply, simple things can be more complicated than they seem, and complex things more simple. The evidence is before our eyes: in your elaborate network of household plumbing actually run on a very basic mechanism, or the crystal paperweight on your desk, spectacular in its complexity. As simplexity moves from the research lab into popular consciousness it will challenge our models for modern living. You'll never unknowingly whack the TV again and you'll understand just how much it means to smile at your child. Popular science journalist Jeffrey Kluger adeptly translates cutting-edge theory into a high-octane history of everything, which will have you rethinking the rules of business and pleasure. From the micro to the macro, Simplexity is a startling reassessment of the building blocks of life and how they affect us all.	2008-04-17	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780340824153	The Tibetan art of positive thinking,skilful thought for successful living	Christopher Hansard		It is common knowledge that the way we think profoundly affects our health and happiness. As Tibetan Bon culture has known for centuries, true, original thought is one of the most powerful energy resources that we each have, and tapping into it can bring us great spiritual, emotional and financial success. But, as Christopher Hansard leading authority in Tibetan medicine explains, most of us don't know how to think effectively. What we imagine to be thoughts are simply reactions to our environment and to other people, and are far removed from 'original thought', which has the power to transform lives. In this enlightening book, Hansard shows us how to take control of our thinking. Using simple meditations and exercises he shows how we can each harness the power of positive thinking to block negativity, transform emotions, and discover the deepest meaning of our lives, to make it the life we truly want to live.	2004-04-12	Hodder Mobius		English				ZZZ000000
9780752882871	Wake Up and Change Your Life	Duncan Bannatyne		Duncan Bannatyne reveals how to set up a business and make it a great success. Having started out with ice cream van, he knows exactly how it can be done - and how to avoid the pitfalls along the way.In a series of clear and easy-to-follow chapters, Duncan removes the barriers to getting started as an entrepreneur, and helps to plan a way forward through those potentially difficult early days. He shows that there is no substitute for hard work, and insists that you must be completely honest with yourself about your own strengths and weaknesses if you are to succeed.He outlines the key attributes you will need and how you can develop them to achieve your dreams. Backed with fascinating examples from his own career and case studies from a wide range of other entrepreneurs, this book provides the perfect wake-up call for you to change your life for the better.	2008-08-01	Orion Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780749929268	Black Hills	Nora Roberts		Lil Chance fell in love with Cooper Sullivan pretty much the first time she saw him, an awkward teenager staying with his grandparents on their cattle ranch in South Dakota while his parents went through a messy divorce. Each year, with Coop's annual summer visit, their friendship deepens ? but then abruptly ends.Twelve years later and Cooper has returned to run the ranch after his grandfather is injured in a fall. Though his touch still haunts her, Lil has let nothing stop her dream of opening the Chance Wildlife Refuge, but something - or someone - has been keeping a close watch. When small pranks escalate into heartless killing, the memory of an unsolved murder in these very hills has Cooper springing to action to keep Lil safe.They both know the dangers that lurk in the wild landscape of the Black Hills. And now they must work together to unearth a killer of twisted and unnatural instincts who has singled them out as prey . . .	2009-07-02	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780752863887	The Bourne supremacy	Robert Ludlum		A KILLER WITH NO FACE, NO IDENTITY, AND A NAME THE WORLD WANTED TO FORGET: JASON BOURNEReenter the shadowy world of Jason Bourne, an expert assassin still plagued by the splintered nightmares of his former life. This time the stakes are higher than ever. For someone else has taken on the Bourne identity-a ruthless killer who must be stopped or the world will pay a devastating price. To succeed, the real Jason Bourne must maneuver through the dangerous labyrinth of international espionage-an exotic world filled with CIA plots, turncoat agents, and ever-shifting alliances-all the while hoping to find the truth behind his haunted memories and the answers to his own fragmented past. This time there are two Bournes-and one must die.From the Paperback edition.	2004-08-02	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9781847442338	The Common Lawyer	Mark Gimenez		Andy Prescott is the most laid-back young lawyer in Austin, Texas. Specialising in traffic law, he operates from a small room above a ramshackle tattoo parlour. He rides a trail bike and spends way too much time drinking beer in the sunshine. Ambition has never been Andy's strong point ? he prefers to take it easy.That is, until one of Texas's wealthiest men walks into his office. On the spot, billionaire Russell Reeves retains Andy as his lawyer and, in exchange for some easy legal work, pays him more money than he has ever earned before. Andy's life is transformed.But nothing comes for free. Russell is a desperate man whose sole aim is to save his eight-year-old son, Zach, who is dying from leukemia. He is prepared to do anything ? even if it means putting Andy's life in danger...	2009-03-05	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9780340899267	The Third Secret	Steve Berry		What is the Third Secret? It is rumoured to be a prediction so shocking that it has been locked away for over 80 years. But when it is finally revealed in 2000, it seems puzzling, less than sensational. Is something being held back? Could this be what is drawing Pope Clement XV to the Vatican archive, night after sleepless night? When Father Colin Michener is sent on a secret mission to the highlands of Romania, he is pitched into a vortex of suspicion, deceit, murder and forbidden passion. Suddenly, he is forced to face the very thing that has so distressed the Pope - and to unravel a mystery that will shake the world.	2006	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9781408700648	The lost art of gratitude	Alexander McCall Smith		Isabel Dalhousie, philosopher and amateur solver of other people's problems, meets an old foe, Minty Auchterlonie, at a birthday party attended by their young children. Ambitious Minty, now the head of a small investment bank, is in trouble with her shareholders. Isabel becomes involved, and is drawn into a murky world of financial concealment. Minty is not the only high-flier in Isabel's life; her niece Cat has just become engaged to a tightrope-walking stuntman. Isabel fears his next job ? and the engagement ? could end in disaster. Meanwhile, her own boyfriend Jamie has marriage in mind too . . .	2009-09-11	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9781841813707	The Dream Bible,The Definitive Guide to Over 300 Dream Symbols	Brenda Mallon		The Dream Bible is a comprehensive guide to the universal symbols and themes that appear in our dreams. Beautifully illustrated throughout, the clear directory format allows readers to locate specific dream images quickly and easily, to discover their origins and meanings, and to recognize and understand the personal messages they carry. Information on the history and traditions of dream analysis and practical guidance on interpretation techniques are also included, which enable us to connect to our inner wisdom and facilitate spiritual, emotional and intuitive growth.	2009-07-06	Conran Octopus		English				ZZZ000000
9780752891583	Asterix Omnibus 11,Includes Asterix and the Actress #31, Asterix and the Class Act #32, Asterix and the Falling Sky #33	Rene Goscinny&Albert Uderzo		In this fabulous collector's edition of Asterix, the last three Asterix stories are collected in one volume for the first time ever. In Asterix and The Actress, we see Asterix and Obelix celebrate their joint birthday party back in the Gaulish village - and some surprise guests have been invited! In Asterix and the Class Act we have the story of the creation of Asterix, including the day Asterix and Obelix were born (in the middle of a village fish fight), how Obelix goes back to school and the bid for the very first Gaulish Olympics. In Asterix and the Falling Sky the Gauls's one fear - that the sky may fall on their heads - looks like it might come true, but our friends soon find themselves in the middle of a space race...	2008	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780446559430	GOOD TALK, A	Daniel Menaker		A Good Talk is an analysis of and guide to that most exclusively human of all activities-- conversation. Drawing on over forty years of experience in American letters, Menaker pinpoints the factors that drive and enliven every good conversation: the vagaries (and joys) of subtext; the deeper structure and meaning of conversational flow; the subliminal signals that guide our disclosures and confessions; and the countless other hurdles we must clear along the way. Moving beyond self-help musings and "how to" advice, he has created a stylish, funny, and surprising book: a celebration of "the most exclusively human of all activities." In a time when conversation remains deeply important-- for building relationships, for relaxing, even for figuring out who we are-- and also increasingly imperiled (with Blackberries and texting increasingly in vogue), A Good Talk is a refreshing celebration of the subtle adventures of a good conversation.	2010	Hachette Book Group USA		English				ZZZ000000
9780753894002	Sanctuary	Raymond Khoury		Naples, 1750. In the dead of the night, three men with swords burst into the palazzo of a marquis. The intruders' leader, the Prince of San Severo, accuses the marquis of being an impostor, and demands to know a secret that he believes the man harbours. In the fight that ensues, the false marquis escapes over the rooftops, leaving behind a burning palazzo and a raging prince who is now obsessed with finding his quarry at any cost. Baghdad, 2003. An American army unit hunting down Saddam's inner circle makes a horrifying discovery: a state-of-the-art, concealed lab where dozens - men, women, children - have died after enduring gruesome experiments. The mysterious scientist they were after, a man believed to be working on a bioweapons program and known only as the hakeem - the doctor - escapes, taking with him the startling truth about his work. A puzzling clue is left behind, crudely carved into the wall of one of the underground prison's cells: a circular symbol of a snake feeding on its own tail. So begins Raymond Khoury's explosive new novel, placing two bold women at the centre of the action as they get caught up in a murderous trail of ancient clues.	2008-05-01	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780316733151	Scarpetta	Patricia Cornwell		Leaving behind her forensic pathology practice in South Carolina, Kay Scarpetta takes up an assignment in New York City, where the NYPD has asked her to examine an injured patient in a psychiatric ward.The handcuffed and chained patient, Oscar Bane, has specifically asked for her, and when she literally has her gloved hands on him, he begins to talk and the story he has to tell turns out to be one of the most bizarre she has ever heard.He says his injuries were sustained in the course of a murder ... that he did not commit. Is Bane a criminally insane stalker who has fixed on Scarpetta? Or is his paranoid tale true, and it is he who is being spied on, followed and stalked by the actual killer? The only thing Scarpetta knows for certain is that a woman has been tortured and murdered and that more violent deaths will follow...	2008	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780749936662	Blue Smoke	Nora Roberts		Praise for Nora Roberts: 'sheer entertainment' Guardian 'Roberts is a superstar' New York Times 'One of America's most widely read novelits' People	2006	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9781842557204	Horrid Henry's Annual 2010	Francesca Simon		Building on the success of his previous annuals, Henry's all set to repeat and beat the records for a third year! Again divided into months and themed accordingly, this is a fun-packed compilation of character fact files, quizzes, puzzles, jokes, activities, Henry's triumphs and disasters, a review of his year, and much more. All delivered with Henry's hallmark humour, Tony Ross's distinctive illustrations and new material from the animated TV series.	2009-08-06	Orion Children's Books		English				JNF000000
9780751542103	Or She Dies	Gregg Hurwitz		First, Patrick receives the mysterious DVDs. They show invasive footage of him in the privacy of his own house. Soon, Patrick and his wife Ariana find themselves questioning everything and everyone as their lives unravel. Someone is clearly out to get them. And then, the email arrives:Go AloneDo What We SayOr She Dies A compulsively readable novel about an ordinary couple in a deadly situation, Or She Dies is the must-read thriller of the year.	2009-08-06	Little, Brown Book Group		English				ZZZ000000
9781841813219	The Reiki Bible,The Definitive Guide to the Art of Reiki	Eleanor McKenzie		This comprehensive and authoritative look at reiki explains how this ancient spiritual practice can treat a wide range of ailments. You will discover its history and development, how it works, and the everyday benefits it can yield. The book also features practical, easy to understand diagrams and pictures on how to fully utilise the healing and soothing potential of reiki. A detailed directory provides information on treatments to combat a large number of afflictions. These include digestive problems, skin complaints, mood changes and muscle pains. There are also hints and tips on how to give reiki treatments for your friends and family, and at different life stages.	2009-08-03	Conran Octopus		English				ZZZ000000
9780752858609	The Rhinemann exchange	Robert Ludlum		David Spaulding is the most feared and efficient Allied agent in wartime Europe. Expert, deadly and professional, he is also high on the Gestapo's 'most wanted' list. Now Spaulding has been selected by the Allied Command to transact an undercover deal in Argentina involving top secret Nazi scientific plans. The dealer is Erich Rhinemann, an exiled German Jew who is awaiting the end of the war with his millions in an impenetrable retreat near Buenos Aires.But there's something Spaulding doesn't know. The other side of the deal. And it involves the most bizarre, horrific intrigue of the Second World War ...	2005-04-21	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780749938642	Daring to Dream	Nora Roberts		Raised together, Kate, Margo, and Laura are as close as real sisters, despite their differing backgrounds. Laura Templeton is the beloved daughter of the wealthy Templetons, Kate Powell is her orphaned cousin, and Margo Sullivan is the housekeeper's daughter. Margo has achieved fame and success far away from home, but her world comes crashing down when the man she thought she loved loses all her money and involves her in an international scandal. Devastated and broke, Margo has no choice but to return home to try to rebuild her life. Laura's older brother, Josh, has been in love with Margo for years. He's always disapproved of her lifestyle, but her unexpected return heats up the long dormant passion between them. But is Margo just on the rebound, or could she really be falling for Josh?	2008-01-03	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780749929787	Breathing in Colour	Clare Jay		'Your child is missing - presumed dead.'Hours after receiving the phone call that every mother dreads, Alida Salter flies to India to search for her backpacker daughter. The discovery of disturbing collages in Mia's hotel makes Alida suspect a connection between the disaster that fractured their relationship thirteen years ago, and Mia's recent, mysterious disappearance.Mia is no ordinary girl. Growing up with the sensory condition synaesthesia - where she sees the world in a kaleidoscope of shapes, colours and smells - she has gone through life with the vivid imagination of an artist, but for years she has shouldered an overwhelming burden of guilt. It has been a difficult relationship, but now comes the toughest test of all...Alida must find the courage to trust her maternal instincts, or lose her daughter forever.	2009-03-05	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781847442802	Call Me Ted,The Autobiography of the Extraordinary Business Leader and Founder of CNN	Ted Turner&Bill Burke		CNN, AOL/Time Warner, Jane Fonda, The America's Cup: Ted Turner's story is the stuff of legend. Never before has the controversial businessman shared his personal journey. Here, for the first time, he will.In this exceptional book, Turner spares no details of his extraordinary career and provides fascinating businesses insights along the way. Turner will also reveal the never-before-told details of his personal life. He frankly discusses a childhood of loneliness (he was sent to boarding school at the age of 4), the impact of devastating loss (his sister died at 17 and his hard-charging father committed suicide when Ted was in his early 20s). Turner also goes into great detail about his marriages, including his marriage to Jane Fonda, the "love of my life."It's been a helluva ride -- a story to educate, enlighten, entertain, and inspire.	2008-11-13	Sphere		English				BIO003000
9780446541671	NEVER GIVE UP!	Meyer&Joyce		In this book, Joyce Meyer aims to remind the reader that they have the potential for greatness, and she intends to provide practical information about how to overcome the challenges. She provides 'how-to's' and practical methods along with her encouragement. She also intends to offer the benefit of her own experience, trying to help how to avoid the hazards on the way to realizing our dreams.	2009	Hachette Group		English				REL067000
9780751507324	Iceberg	Clive Cussler		The towering iceberg drifting in the North Atlantic was a floating tomb. Embedded in the great gleaming mass was a ship - sealed in so solidly that not even its mast protruded.	2008-06-03	Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9780755328697	Hard Girls	Martina Cole		HARD LIVES. HARD LESSONS. IT'S MURDER ON THE STREETS. Danielle Crosby had a body to die for. A body she sold to the highest bidder. But she ended up paying for it with her life. When a prostitute's body is found lifeless, mutilated and brutally raped, DCI Annie Carr has never seen anything like it and never wants to again. Kate Burrows, retired DCI now consultant, has plenty of experience when it comes to murder -- after all she caught the Grantley Ripper and broke the biggest pedophile ring in the South East. She is determined to help put the killer behind bars.  But whoever it is won't be easily caught. And when another girl's body is found, even more horrifically disfigured than the last, it's clear the killer is just warming up.......  In a ruthless world where everyone's out for themselves, Annie and Kate must dig deep if they hope to catch a callous serial killer who knows no limits and makes no mistakes. For some, prostitution is seriously big business.  But how many people will pay the ultimate price? Utterly compelling, HARD GIRLS is a gripping and disturbing thriller that will have you hooked until the very last page.	2009-01-01	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781844084470	The Thorn Birds	Colleen McCullough		Colleen McCullough's sweeping saga of dreams, struggles, dark passions, and forbidden love in the Australian Outback has enthralled readers the world over. This is the chronicle of three generations of Clearys, ranchers carving lives from a beautiful, hard land while contending with the bitterness, frailty, and secrets that penetrate their family. Most of all, it is the story of only daughter Meggie and her lifelong relationship with the haunted priest Father Ralph de Bricassart-an intense joining of two hearts and souls that dangerously oversteps sacred boundaries of ethics and dogma. A poignant love story, a powerful epic of struggle and sacrifice, a celebration of individuality and spirit, Colleen McCullough's acclaimed masterwork remains a monumental literary achievement-a landmark novel to be cherished and read again and again.	2007-08-02	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780749933524	Inner harbour	Nora Roberts		'Exciting, romantic, great fun' Cosmopolitan 'A consistently entertaining writer'USA Today 'Her stories have fuelled the dreams of twenty-five million readers.' Entertainment Weekly	2002	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780749935337	Blue dahlia	Nora Roberts		Praise for Nora Roberts: 'compelling characters . . . Sheer entertainment, ' Guardian	2004-12-02	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780751504811	Scientific progress goes "boink",a Calvin and Hobbes collection	Bill Watterson		A Calvin and Hobbes collection by Bill Watterson.	1991-11-07	Warner Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780446550109	Daily Readings from Your Best Life Now,90 Devotions for Living at Your Full Potential	Joel Osteen		In his #1 New York Times bestseller Your Best Life Now, Joel Osteen reassures readers that living life to the fullest potential is within their reach. He speaks of realizing the power of thoughts and words, and turning adversities into opportunities for growth. Now, in this devotional, Joel prepares readers to embrace the life God intends for them to enjoy. Joel's 90 days of motivational thoughts, inspirational messages, and helpful Scripture verses will strengthen readers' faith in God, in others, and in themselves. By applying these truths, they will be able to rise above obstacles and live in health, abundance, and victory.	2009-11-03	FaithWords		English				ZZZ000000
9780749933326	Sea Swept	Nora Roberts		International best-selling author Nora Roberts presents the first in a quartet of a novels that deal with the lives and loves of four brothers living in Chesapeake Bay Cameron, Ethan and Philip were all troubled young boys who were rescued and adopted at difficult periods in their lives by the extraordinary couple, Raymond and Stella Quinn. Now grown and living on their own, the Quinn brothers must return to the family home on the Maryland shore, to honour their fathers last request. Sea Swept is Camerons story. Cameron has lived the reckless life of a daredevil since leaving the quiet community of Chesapeake Bay. He likes fast cars, fast boats and fast women. But when his dying father calls him home to care for Seth, a troubled young boy not unlike Cameron once was, his life changes overnight. After years of independence, Cameron has to learn to live with his brothers once again, while he struggles with taking care of a difficult teenager. Old rivalries and new resentments flare between Cameron and his brothers but they have to try and set aside their differences for Seths sake. Only Seths fate is in the hands of a tough but beautiful social worker. She alone has the power to bring the Quinns together - or tear them apart...	2002-12-05	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749936976	Valley of silence	Nora Roberts		'Nora Roberts is a superstar' New York Times	2006	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780340977163	Just After Sunset	Stephen King		What would you do if your everyday world were turned upside down in an instant? Here are twelve riveting stories about relationships with unexpected twists. Be very careful what you wish for. Read about the acts of kindness from strangers: 'workmen' who intervene in the obsessive exercise regime of a middle aged artist inStationary Bike; the unexpected visitor, a blind girl, whose kiss saves a dying man; a mute hitchhiker who helps a driver get over his wife's affair. There are tales of obsession and fights for power:The Gingerbread Girlruns and runs to ease her pain; two neighbours contesting for a piece of land get intoA Very Tight Placeand a man who witnesses an act of domestic violence in aRest Stopneeds to step into his identity as a crime writer if he's to intervene. Then there are the unexpected outside events which turn people's worlds upside down or the right way up: a young couple, David andWillawho are derailed on a train find themselves seeking the bright lights in a nearby town and playing the jukebox, for eternity; an older couple want to punctuate the banal humdrum with something unusual until it happens.	2008-11-12	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780752890685	Cemetery Dance	Douglas Preston&Lincoln Child		Pendergast - the world's most enigmatic FBI Special Agent - returns to New York City to investigate a murderous cult. William Smithback, a New York Times reporter, and his wife Nora Kelly, a Museum of Natural History archaeologist, are brutally attacked in their apartment on Manhattan's Upper West Side. Eyewitnesses claim, and the security camera confirms, that the assailant was their strange, sinister neighbour - a man who, by all reports, was already dead and buried weeks earlier. While Captain Laura Hayward leads the official investigation, Pendergast and Lieutenant Vincent D'Agosta undertake their own private - and decidedly unorthodox - quest for the truth. Their serpentine journey takes them to an enclave of Manhattan they never imagined could exist: a secretive, reclusive cult of Obeah and vodou which no outsiders have ever survived...	2009-05-28	Orion Publishing Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780752881546	Crime Beat,True Stories of Cops and Killers	Michael Connelly		'Death is my beat.' Those words, spoken by the narrator and hero of THE POET, Jack McEvoy, could also apply to Michael Connelly. Time and time again in these riveting pieces, we make the connection between Connelly the crime reporter and Connelly the novelist:'On the day I arrived in Los Angeles I sat in the newspaper editor's office being interviewed for a job on the crime beat. The day before there had been a bank heist in which the thieves had gone into the city's labyrinthine storm water tunnel system to get beneath the bank before tunnelling upward.' Years later that story would become THE BLACK ECHO.'Moments. They kept coming. One morning an editor called me and told me to swing by a murder scene on my way to the office. Just like that, like I was picking up a coffee on the way to work. The murder was on Woodrow Wilson Drive in the Hollywood Hills. I went as instructed and got the story. I also got the place where I would put the home of the fictional detective [Harry Bosch] I had secretly begun writing about ...'	2007-10-03	Orion Publishing Group		English				SOC004000
9780349120218	Signed, Mata Hari	Yannick Murphy		In the cold October of 1917 Margaretha Zelle, alias Mata Hari, the infamous exotic dancer, sits in a prison cell in Paris awaiting trial on charges of espionage; the penalty, death by firing squad. As she waits, Mata Hari tells stories - much like Scheherazade - to buy back her life from her interrogators.From a bleak childhood on the shores of the North Sea, through a loveless marriage to a Dutch naval officer, Margaretha is transported to the sensual pleasures of the south seas. She spins tales of native lovers and fragrant Javanese jungles; she tells of the ugly disintegration of her family. Then, in flight from her brutal husband, Margaretha reinvents herself: she becomes the temple dancer Mata Hari - dressed in veils, admired by Diaghilev, performing for the crowned heads of Europe.Tender, subtle and intensely erotic, Murphy's retelling of an iconic story is a haunting portrait of love and treachery.	2008-08-07	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780753817520	The crisis of Islam,holy war and unholy terror	Bernard Lewis		President Bush has made it clear that we are engaged in a war against terrorism. But for Usama bin Laden and his followers this is religious war, a war for Islam against infidels, especially the United States, the greatest power in the world of the infidels. In this book Bernard Lewis shows us where the anger and frustration have come from, and the extent to which almost the entire Muslim world is affected by poverty and tyranny. He looks at the influence of extreme Wahhabist doctrines in the Saudi kingdom, where custodianship of Islam's holy places and the revenues of oil have given worldwide impact to what would otherwise have been an extremist fringe in a marginal country. He looks at American double standards, which have long caused Muslim anger, and tells us the real meaning of Islamic fundamentalism', jihad' and fatwa', and why the peoples of the Middle East are conscious of history in a way most Americans find difficult to understand.	2004	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780752849157	Fade Away	Harlan Coben		When a former basketball rival disappears, Myron is given the dream assignment of a lifetime: a chance to play pro ball again. The games end when Myron is forced to confront the shock of his life.	2002-05-02	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9781841813714	The Spells Bible,The Definitive Guide to Charms and Enchantments	Ann-Marie Gallagher		The Spells Bible presents a wide range of traditional spells and charms that are relevant to the modern world. This comprehensive guide offers 150 spells that will enhance your life, from spells for health, beauty and wellbeing to protection and blessing spells. Whatever you seek, this book will help you to work with natural magic to improve your fortune, career and family situation - or even to find love!	2009-07-06	Gardners Books		English				OCC028000
9780340829769	The drawing of the three	Stephen King		Roland of Gilead, the Last Gunslinger, encounters three doors which open to 1980s America, where he joins forces with the defiant Eddie Dean and courageous, volatile Odetta Holmes. And confronts deadly serial killer Jack Mort. As the titanic forces gather, a savage struggle between underworld evil and otherworldly enemies conspire to bring an end to Roland's quest for the Dark Tower... Masterfully weaving dark fantasy and icy realism, THE DRAWING OF THE THREE compulsively propels readers toward the next chapter. And the Tower is closer...	2003-08-30	New English Library		English				ZZZ000000
9781603208253	TIME Almanac 2010	Time Magazine		COMPLETE, COMPREHENSIVE, AUTHORITATIVEPacked with information and completely updated to cover the key events and people of 2009, this handy one-volume almanac is an essential tool for understanding your world. Join students, academics, journalists, and professionals around the globe in making the TIME Almanac an indispensable part of your life ... for work, for school, for reference ... and just for fun. Here's what's inside:THE PEOPLEBrief biographies of the year's most influential figures ... the TIME 100, 2009 ... TIME's complete Person the Year list ... Obituaries, 2009 ... complete Oscar, Nobel, and Pulitzer prizewinners ... Olympic champions ... and more.THE PLACESCountries of the World offers hundreds of pages of international coverage ... extremes of world geography ... a complete World Atlas ... flags of the world's nations in full color ... and more.THE EVENTSThe Year in Pictures: 16 full-color pages of photos of the key events of 2009 ... The Year in Review: month-by-month news headlines of 2009 ... plus comprehensive sports records for the year ... and more.THE CONTEXTArticles from TIME and Encyclopedia Britannica explore the key trends of the year, from the new US military commitment in Afghanistan to the effects of the recession on US consumers to the significance of Twitter ... and more.THE BACKGROUNDIncludes the founding documents of US life and government ... mankind's greatest civilizations ... history's greatest natural disasters ... and more.THE FACTS2010 calendar and key holidays ... zip-code maps and US telephone area codes ... nutritional value of selected foods ... the world's greatest religions ... and more.	2009-11	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9780753825792	How Jesus Became Christian - The Early Christians And The Transformation Of A Jewish Teacher Into Td	Barrie Wilson		We often forget the undeniable fact that Jesus was Jewish. He lived and died a Jew, teaching the religion of his forbears and living by the Torah. After his death there was a 'Jesus movement' led by Jesus' brother James in Jerusalem and a 'Christ movement' led by Paul (who never met Jesus) in the Diaspora. The Christ movement deliberately sought to replace and destroy the Jesus movement.The battles of the Jewish community against the Romans, and the chaos after the destruction of the Temple in Jerusalem in AD 70, helped Paul and his party to seduce Jesus' followers away from the strictures of Judaism. Having killed off the historical Jesus, the new Christians turned the religion away from a traditional emphasis on behaviour into the most successful personality cult in recorded history.	2009-04-02	PHOENIX		English				ZZZ000000
9780349113364	The new century	Eric J. Hobsbawm&Antonio Polito		Following on from his worldwide bestseller Age of Extremes, Eric Hobsbawm continues his analysis of the twentieth century, asking crucial questions about our inheritance from the century of conflict and its meanings for the years to come.The New Century looks back over the last decade to learn something of the new era: the disappearing distinction between internal and international conflicts; the crisis of the multi-ethnic state; the distortions of history involved in the creation of its myths. Questioning the cornerstones of current international relations and assessing the impact that popular global culture has had on every aspect of life, The New Century is a concise, challenging account from one of our pre-eminent historians.	2000-01-01	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780753819968	The ancestor's tale,a pilgrimage to the dawn of life	Richard Dawkins		THE ANCESTOR'S TALE is a pilgrimage back through time; a journey on which we meet up with fellow pilgrims as we and they converge on our common ancestors. Chimpanzees join us at about 6 million years in the past, orang utans at 14 million years, as we stride on together, a growing band. The journey provides the setting for a collection of some 40 tales. Each explores an aspect of evolutionary biology through the stories of characters met along the way. The tales are interspersed with prologues detailing the journey, route maps showing joining lineages, and life-like reconstructions of our common ancestors. THE ANCESTOR'S TALE represents a pilgrimage on an unimaginable scale: our goal is four billion years away, and the number of pilgrims joining us grows vast - ultimately encompassing all living creatures. At the end of the journey lies something remarkable in its simplicity and transformative power: the first, humble, replicating molecules.	2005	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780340997963	Zulu Hart	Saul David		GEORGE HART just wants to serve his Queen and honour his family. It's not that simple. BASTARDHe doesn't know his father, only that he's a pillar of the Establishment. His beloved mother is half Irish, half Zulu. ZULU In a Victorian society rife with racism and prejudice, George's dark skin spells trouble to his regimental commander. WARRIORBut George has soldiering in his blood the only question is what he's really fighting for: ancestry or Empire. In the heat of battle he must decide . . .	2010-01-20	Centraal Boekhuis		English				ZZZ000000
9780340768334	Applications for living,from conversations with God	Neale Donald Walsch		In Applications for Living, Neale Donald Walsch has distilled the principles of Conversations with God through his own life experience into a universal formula for living well. Holistic Living shows that all individuals can and should achieve emotional, sexual, intellectual and spiritual fulfilment, as well as abolishing negative, unproductive habits. Relationships examines common patterns that hinder our ability to build and maintain successful relationships, and teaches us to move beyond restrictive ways of relating. Abundance and Right Livelihood explains the author's simple and practical philosophy for achieving abundance, and how to learn what your 'right livelihood' is. Inspirational, practical and humorous, Neale Donald Walsch reveals in Applications for Living how we can use our own mistakes and experiences as stepping stones to a higher awareness and greater fulfilment in life.	1999-11-04	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340952788	Nightmares and Dreamscapes	Stephen King		A solitary finger pokes out of a drain. Novelty teeth turn predatory. The Nevada desert swallows a Cadillac. This collection of Stephen King stories takes a roller-coaster ride through the macabre and monstrous, via explorations of good and evil.	2008-01-10	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780749941239	Sealed With A Diss: The Clique 4	Lisi Harrison&Lisi		The Clique knows something you don't know . . . Massie Block stands at the threshold of a huh-yuge secret: a hidden room at Octavian Country Day. But to prove the Pretty Committee is worthy of the key, the girls need to find dates to Skye Hamilton's 'famous couples' costume party. On top of that, Massie has to convince her old crush, Chris Abeley, to be Skye's date . . . or else the PC can kiss the room - and their popularity - goodbye. Luckily for the girls, alpha status just happens to come with ESP. Not the actual superpower, but a secret weapon that shows them exactly what their crushes are thinking. The question is, do they really want to know?	2009-12-01	Piatkus Books		English				FIC000000
9780446613460	Letters To Penthouse XXV,She's Mine, She's Yours, She's Wild!	Penthouse International		This latest collection of letters from "Penthouse" magazine's "Forum" section recounts memorable letters about women taking on new partners--sometimes right in front of their men. Original.	2006-04-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780446613125	Letters to Penthouse XXVI,Destination S-E-X	Penthouse International&Penthouse Magazine		The latest entry of this hot-selling series explores the sexual adventures of men and women who get tired of the same old routine and ache for something, someone, and, most importantly, somewhere new. Original.	2006-08-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780446619288	Letters to Penthouse Xxx,Extreme Sex, Maximum Pleasure	Penthouse International		Welcome to a milestone in the Penthouse revolution. And "XXX" marks the spot. The thirtieth volume of this bestselling series features special letters handpicked for their extremely sensual, provocative power. You'll cheer a football coach with a secret weapon to motivate his team-his sexy wife. You'll get down with a hunky rock musician who'll perform a dirty duet with his best friend's girl. You'll peek in on a husband eager to boost his wife's self-esteem...with the help of two virile strangers. From wedding halls to frat houses, campgrounds to rock bars, truck stops to strip clubs, you can share in these ultimate escapades. There's nothing more hardcore than XXX!	2008-01-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781860492594	Alias Grace	Margaret Atwood		'Sometimes I whisper it over to myself: Murderess. Murderess. It rustles, like a taffeta skirt along the floor.' Grace Marks. Female fiend? Femme fatale? Or weak and unwilling victim? Around the true story of one of the most enigmatic and notorious women of the 1840s, Margaret Atwood has created an extraordinarily potent tale of sexuality, cruelty and mystery.	1997	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780751542417	Summer's End	Danielle Steel&Danielle		Deanna believed she had everything she'd ever wanted. Diamonds, a beautiful home, a handsome, successful husband who adored her. But Marc-Edouard led at-set life as an international lawyer and for three months - for the summer - Deanna would be alone.Until Ben found her. And together they found happiness on sun-drenched beaches.But they knew their dream had to end. They also knew that they couldn't live without each other. But Deanna and Ben hadn't foreseen the devastating changes that would happen to them by the time they faced . . . summer's end.	2009-10-01	Hachette Group		English				FIC027020
9780600612612	Larousse cocktails	Fernando Castellon		550 recipes for slings, juleps, punches, flips, fizzes, sours and coolers, both classic and modern. Practical advice on every aspect of cocktail making from ingredients and equipment to mixing techniques and presentation. Organized according to the drink's main ingredients. Lore, legend and anecdotes behind the most popular cocktails and cocktail bars worldwide. More than 60 recipes for delicious savoury and sweet canapes. Detailed information on the production, fermentation and distillation of all the main alcohols.	2005-10-15	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780446612838	Letters to Penthouse XXIX,Take a Walk on the Wild Side	Penthouse International		This book is full of sexy tales of men and women who are turned on by the most incredible situations. LETTERS TO PENTHOUSE XXIX offers the chance to enter the homes and not-so secret sex lives of those wild men and women with crazy fetishes.	2007-08-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780755342686	Bones	Jonathan Kellerman		A woman's body is found in marshland outside LA. By the next morning the police have discovered the decaying corpses of three more women. They were all prostitutes except for the most recent victim; a classically trained pianist employed by a wealthy family, Selena Bass seems out of place in the grim tableau. Psychologist Alex Delaware is drafted in by homicide detective Milo Sturgis to help with the case. Details of the crimes suggest a serial killer is prowling LA's gritty streets. But when a new murder deviates from the pattern, derailing a possible profile, Alex and Milo must look beyond the suspicion of madness and consider an even more sinister mind at work. There are no easy answers, for the darkest of drives and desires will fuel the most devious of foes.	2008-10-21	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780752849805	Chasing the dime	Michael Connelly		Henry Pierce has a whole new life - new apartment, new telephone, new telephone number. But the first time he checks his messages, he discovers that someone had the number before him. The messages on his line are for a woman named Lilly, and she is in some kind of serious trouble. Pierce is inexorably drawn into Lilly's world, and it's unlike any world he's ever known. It is a night-time world of escort services, websites, sex, and secret identities. Pierce tumbles through a hole, abandoning his orderly life in a frantic race to save the life of a woman he has never met.Pierce traces Lilly's last days, but every step into her past takes him deeper into a web of inescapable intricacy - and a decision that could cost him everything he owns and holds dear . . .	2003	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780340978269	Judgement and Wrath	Matt Hilton		Joe Hunter doesn't like bullies. So his latest job - saving a young woman from her bully boyfriend - is a no-brainer. As it turns out, the vengeful father isn't the only one who wants the boyfriend dead. Soon Hunter is face-to-face with a contract killer who takes his work very seriously. Contract killer Dantalion has a talent for killing and keeps a list of his victims in a book chained to his waist. Each victim is numbered. And the body count is about to start rising . . .	2010-01-20	Hodder & Stoughton Canada		English				ZZZ000000
9780749934415	Purity in death	J. D. Robb		In this frightening installment of J.D. Robbs (a.k.a. Nora Roberts) futuristic series, Eve Dallas must face the impossible: someone has unleashed a computer virus that may be able to spread from machine to man. Abridged. 5 CDs.	2004	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780340952702	Cujo	Stephen King		Outside a peaceful town in central Maine, a monster is waiting...Cujo is a huge Saint Bernard dog, the best friend Brett Camber has ever had. One day Cujo chases a rabbit into a bolt-hole, a cave inhabited by some very sick bats. What happens to Cujo, how he becomes a horrifying vortex inexorably drawing in all the people around him, makes for one of the most heart-stopping novels Stephen King has written.	2008-01-10	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780749934132	Vengeance in Death	J. D. Robb&Nora Roberts		one of the best mystery series on the market today Without A Clue	2003-12-18	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780749928117	Guerrilla Marketing	Jay Conrad Levinson		First published in 1983, Jay Levinson's "Guerrilla Marketing" has become a classic in the field of business, revolutionising marketing for small businesses all over the world and creating a new way to understand market share and how to gain it. It also launched a veritable Guerrilla Marketing industry, including dozens of future Guerrilla books, CDs and speaker events. In this completely updated and expanded fourth edition of Levinson's first "Guerrilla Marketing" book, his take-no-prisoners approach to finding clients is on full display, as he offers hundreds of marketing ideas that really work and a new roadmap for small-business success in the global marketplace. Filled with leading-edge strategies for marketing on the Internet, putting new technologies to work, targeting prospects, cultivating repeat and referral business, and managing in the age of telecommuting and freelance employees, among others, "Guerrilla Marketing" will be the entrepreneur's marketing bible for the twenty-first century.	2007-05-03	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780752893273	Last Light	Alex Scarrow		It begins on a very normal Monday morning. But in the space of only a few days, the world's oil supplies have been severed and at a horrifying pace things begin to unravel everywhere. This is no natural disastersomeone is behind this. Oil engineer Andy Sutherland is stranded in Iraq with a company of British soldiers, desperate to find a way home, trapped as the very infrastructure of daily life begins to collapse around him. Back in Britain, his wife Jenny is stuck in Manchester, fighting desperately against the rising chaos to get back to their children in London as events begin to spiral out of controlriots, raging fires, looting, rape, and murder. In the space of a week, London is transformed into an anarchic vision of hell. Meanwhile, a mysterious man is tracking Andy's family. He'll silence anyone who can reveal the identities of those behind this global disaster. The people with a stranglehold on the future of civilization have flexed their muscles at other significant tipping points in history, and they are prepared to do anything to keep their secretand their powersafe.	2009-09-01	Orion Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780719522840	Biografi	Lloyd Jones		When Biografi was first published, it was met first with enormous critical acclaim ' only to become the centre of a heated controversy. Was it fact or fiction? Had Lloyd Jones concocted his story of life in the new Albania? Or was it travel literature as its publishers insisted?Equal parts travelogue, political reportage and bizarre mystery novel, Lloyd Jones crosses Albania as it reinvents itself - a volatile, surreal wonderland where nothing is quite as it seems.	2008-09-04	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9781842556610	Zorgan and the Gorsemen	Amy Tree		The world of Karisma is in turmoil: storms are raging and crops have failed. Queen Charm blames Zorgan for everything bad that has happened since he threw her charms away, so orders his capture by her soldiers. Zorgan gathers together his own army of Gorsemen - wild savages with hair as prickly as gorse bushes, who live on Heart Moor - bribing them with the promise of rich rewards, to defeat Charm's army. When Sesame arrives in this magical land, she finds herself walking into a raging battle. Once Morbrecia has witnessed Zorgan's explosive demise, Sesame must stop her becoming a powerful sorceress in his place, and find the next charm in a very prickly place. Charmingly written stories, appealing characters, a beautifully imagined world with its own language - plus a silver charm to add to your bracelet with each book. Collect them all - heart, horseshoe, shell, dolphin, moon, lantern, four leaf clover, snowflake, star, coin, horseshoe, cat and key - and complete the bracelet.	2009-07-01	Orion Children's Books		English				FIC000000
9781842555248	Horrid Henry's Wicked Ways	Francesca Simon&Tony Ross		Following the spectacular success of Horrid Henry's Big Bad Book, here is a new hardback collection of favourite stories, with colour pictures and brand new material to tell you more about Horrid Henry. The ten stories all focus on Horrid Henry's home life, and how he vies with his little brother Perfect Peter and drives his well-meaning parents to distraction. They are: Horrid Henry's Holiday, Horrid Henry's Birthday Party, Horrid Henry Tricks the Tooth Fairy, Horrid Henry and the Fangmangler, Horrid Henry Gets Rich Quick, Horrid Henry and the Comfy Black Chair, Horrid Henry Tricks and Treats, Horrid Henry and the Mummy's Curse, Horrid Henry's Thank You Letter and Horrid Henry's Chores Further insights into Henry's family life include Home Fact File, a list of Horrid Henry's Prized Possessions, Mum's shopping lists and menus as amended by Henry, and more.	2006-08-03	Orion Children's		English				ZZZ000000
9780446510998	Guide to Investing in Gold and Silver,Everything You Need to Know to Profit from Precious Metals Now	Michael Maloney		"Throughout the ages, many things have been used as currency: livestock, grains, spices, shells, beads, and now paper. But only two things have ever been money: gold and silver. When paper money becomes too abundant, and thus loses its value, man always turns back to precious metals. During these times there is always an enormous wealth transfer, and it is within your power to transfer that wealth away from you or toward you." --Michael Maloney, precious metals investment expert and historian; founder and principal, Gold & Silver, Inc.The Advanced Guide to Investing Gold and Silver tells readers:The essential history of economic cycles that make gold and silver the ultimate monetary standard. How the U.S. government is driving inflation by diluting our money supply and weakening our purchasing power Why precious metals are one of the most profitable, easiest, and safest investments you can make Where, when, and how to invest your money and realize maximum returns, no matter what the economy's state Essential advice on avoiding the middleman and taking control of your financial destiny by making your investments directly.	2008-08-28	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780446694117	Rich Dad's Real Estate Advantages,Tax and Legal Secrets of Successful Real Estate Investors	Sharon L. Lechter&Garrett Sutton		- There are currently seven books in the Rich Dad's Advisors series, with over one million copies in print. Three in the series, Real Estate Riches, Loopholes of the Rich, and Real Estate Loopholes, became The Wall Street Journal bestsellers.- Garrett Sutton is an attorney with over 20 years of experience in assisting individuals and businesses to determine their appropriate corporate structure, limit their liability, protect their assets, and advance their personal and financial goals.- Each Rich Dad's Advisors ABC's book features a foreword by Robert T. Kiyosaki, bestselling author of Rich Dad Poor Dad.	2006-11-14	Warner Business Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340734018	The stone monkey	Jeffery Deaver		Lincoln and Amelia are recruited to track down a cargo ship carrying two dozen illegal Chinese immigrants, as well as the notorious human smuggler and killer known as the Ghost. But when the capture goes disastrously wrong, Lincoln and Amelia find themselves in a race to stop the Ghost before he can track down and murder the two surviving families who have vanished deep into the labyrinthine world of New York City's Chinese community. Over the next forty-eight hours the Ghost ruthlessly hunts for the families while Rhyme, aided by a policeman from mainland China, struggles to find them before they die and Sachs pursues a very different kind of policework - forming a connection with one of the immigrants that may have consequences going to the core of her relationship with her partner and lover, Lincoln Rhyme.	2003-04-17	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780752826103	The mark of the assassin	Daniel Silva		Contemporary thriller in which a secret world organisation of wealthy capitalists hires a former KGB assassin to subvert world peace	1999	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780755324224	Atlantis	David Gibbins		From an extraordinary discovery in a remote desert oasis to a desperate race against time in the ocean depths, a team of adventurers is about to find the truth behind the most baffling legend in history--the legend of Atlantis. Reissue.	2005	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9781853811265	Cat's eye	Margaret Atwood		Cat's Eyeis the story of Elaine Risley, a controversial painter who returns to Toronto, the city of her youth, for a retrospective of her art. Engulfed by vivid images of the past, she reminisces about a trio of girls who initiated her into the fierce politics of childhood and its secret world of friendship, longing, and betrayal. Elaine must come to terms with her own identity as a daughter, a lover, an artist, and a woman--but above all she must seek release from her haunting memories. Disturbing, hilarious, and compassionate,Cat's Eyeis a breathtaking novel of a woman grappling with the tangled knot of her life.	1990	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780749935061	Divided in Death	J. D. Robb		Praise for Nora Roberts writing as J.D. Robb: 'fast-paced . . . Storytelling at its most professional: solid plots, breezy characterisation, recurring master criminals and a heroine with the right combination of courage, troubled past, romantic inclinations and tough-girl attitude . . . smooth, well-oiled plotting and a gallery of compelling characters. This is sheer entertainment, a souped-up version of Agatha Christie for the new millennium.' Maxim Jakubowski, The Guardian	2004-07-29	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780446693219	Rich Dad Poor Dad for Teens,The Secrets About Money--That You Don't Learn in School!	Robert T. Kiyosaki&Sharon L. Lechter		This special just-for-teens edition builds a foundation of self-confidence from which readers can realize their dreams of financial security in an increasingly challenging and unreliable job market. Teen-friendly advice, examples, sidebars and straight talk will supplement all of Rich Dad's core advice: Work to learn, not to earn. Don't say "I can't afford it" - instead, say "How can I afford it? " And don't work for money - make money work for you! No matter how confident or "good in school" readers consider themselves to be, this makes financial intelligence available to all young people with its streamlined structure, clean design, and accessible voice.	2004-08-01	Little, Brown and Company		English				ZZZ000000
9780316000475	Rich Dad's Escape from the Rat Race,How to Become a Rich Kid by Following Rich Dad's Advice	Robert T. Kiyosaki&Sharon L. Lechter&Rantz Hoseley		How do you get kids interested in learning about finance? Give them a comic book! Rich Dad series author Robert Kiyosaki, whose books have sold over 5 million copies, recognized the increasing need for people to begin their journey to financial literacy-and life-long wealth-as early as their preteen years. In Escape from the Rat Race, basic lessons about ''working to learn, not to earn'', buying assets, and understanding a financial statement are revealed in a graphic format through the tale of Timid T. Turtle. When Tim runs out of cash at an amusement park, his savvy friend Red E. Rat shows him how to ''make money work for him''-and tells Robert Kiyosaki's own riveting account of learning the basic principles of lifelong financial success. Illustrated with full-color sequential art in the style of Rich Dad's popular CASHFLOW games and Web site, here is a book that gives kids (and reluctant readers of all ages) the chance to take their first steps toward financial freedom.	2005-01-01	Little, Brown and Company		English				ZZZ000000
9780755311170	The Tiger Ladies,A Memoir of Kashmir	Sudha Koul		This remarkable book is the tale of the author's life growing up in a beautiful, remote valley in Kashmir. It is a loving memoir of the exotic food, ancient folklore, bawdy wedding traditions, gossamer-soft pashminas and the rhythms and colours of the valley itself that made up the author's childhood, and the traditional ways that are gradually being lost to younger generations. Set against this is the wider story of Kashmir's painful history, as it is torn apart by fighting between Muslims and Hindus, with repercussions that are being felt across the world. This is a story of lost innocence, in which every sentence laments a vanishing way of life. It is a haunting testimony to a beautiful, troubled land.	2003-07-07	Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780349119748	Immigrants,Tour Country Needs Them	Philippe Legrain		Immigration divides our globalising world like no other issue. We are swamped by bogus asylum-seekers and infiltrated by terrorists, our jobs stolen, our benefit system abused, our way of life destroyed - or so we are told. Philippe Legrain, author of the critically acclaimed OPEN WORLD, has written the first book that looks beyond the headlines. Why are ever-rising numbers of people from poor countries arriving in Europe, North America and Australasia? Can we keep them out? Should we even be trying? Combining compelling first-hand reporting from around the world, incisive socio-economic analysis and a broad understanding of what is at stake politically and culturally, IMMIGRANTS is a passionate, but lucid book. In our open world, more people will inevitably move across borders, Legrain says - and we should generally welcome them. They do the jobs we can't or won't do - and their diversity enriches us all. Left and right; free-marketeers and campaigners for global justice; enlightened patriots - all should rally behind the cause of freer migration, because They need Us and We need Them.	2009-03-24	Little, Brown Book Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780719564246	The Last Oil Shock,A Survival Guide to the Imminent Extinction of Petroleum Man	David Strahan		This may be the most important book you or anyone else will read in the next fifty years. Assuming humanity survives that long. Draining the lifeblood of industrial civilization, the terminal decline of oil and gas production will spark a crisis far more dangerous than international terrorism, and more urgent than climate change. World leaders know it, so why aren't they telling? The last oil shock is the secret behind the crises in Iraq and Iran, the reason your gas bill is going through the roof, the basis of a secret deal cooked up in Texas between George Bush and Tony Blair, the cause of an imminent and unprecedented economic collapse. David Strahan explains how we reached this critical state, how the silence of governments, oil companies and environmentalists conspires to keep the public in the dark, what it means for energy policy, and what you can do to protect yourself and your family from the ravages of the last oil shock.	2008-05-05	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780753813591	The meaning of things,applying philosophy to life	A. C. Grayling		'The unconsidered life is not worth living' - Socrates. Thinking about life, what it means and what it holds in store does not have to be a despondent experience, but rather can be enlightening and uplifting. A life truly worth living is one that is informed and considered so a degree of philosophical insight into the inevitabilities of the human condition is inherently important and such an approach will help us to deal with real personal dilemmas. This book is an accessible, lively and thought-provoking series of linked commentaries, based on A. C. Grayling's 'The Last Word' column in the Guardian. Its aim is not to persuade readers to accept one particular philosophical point of view or theory, but to help us consider the wonderful range of insights which can be drawn from an immeasurably rich history of philosophical thought. Concepts covered include courage, love, betrayal, ambition, cruelty, wisdom, passion, beauty and death. This will be a wonderfully stimulating read and act as an invaluable guide as to what is truly important in living life, whether facing success, failure, justice, wrong, love, loss or any of the other profound experience life throws out.	2002-07-18	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9781844080939	The loving spirit	Daphne Du Maurier		Deals with four generations of a family of shipbuilders on the Cornish coast. Janet Coombe, who married her cousin, has several children, but between her son Joseph and herself, there exists a bond of love and sympathy.	2004-04-26	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780755318766	The Flipside,Finding the Hidden Opportunities in Life	Adam J. Jackson		A setback can change the course of your life. But why should the change be a negative one? Challenges and obstacles are part of life, but while some wilt undernbsp;pressure,nbsp;others rise to the occasion. Could it be there is a method for overcoming adversity and turning failure into success? The flipside is the hidden opportunity inside each problem - an opportunity so powerful that it dwarfs the original difficulty. THE FLIPSIDE is full of life-affirming stories of well-known and not so well-known people from around the world. It will change the way you look at adversity, and help you turn setbacks into triumphs.	2009-02-05	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780749940232	The Lady Chosen	Stephanie Laurens		Tristan Wemyss, Earl of Trentham, never expected he'd need to wed within a year or forfeit his inheritance. But he is not one to bow to the matchmaking mamas of the ton. No, he will marry a lady of his own choosing. And the lady he chooses is the enchanting neighbour living with her family next door. Miss Leonora Carling has beauty, spirit and passion; unfortunately, matrimony is the last thing on her mind . . .Once bitten, forever shy - never again will Leonora allow any man to capture her heart and break it. But Tristan is a seasoned campaigner who will not accept defeat, especially when a mysterious ackguard with dark designs on Leonora's family home gives him the perfect excuse to come to the lady's aid - as her protector, confidant, seducer...and husband.	2009-11-05	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749926885	Organise Yourself	Ronni Eisenberg&Kate Kelly		The proven way to get organised once and for all! If you're frustrated by your daily routine, by the clutter in your house or office, or by the fact that you just can't seem to get everything done, this book offers the relief you've	2006-05-25	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780753817391	Sahara	Michael Palin		Michael Palin's epic voyages have seen him circumnavigate the globe, travel from the North to the South Pole and circle the countries of the Pacific Ocean, but this was perhaps the greatest challenge yet: to cross the vast and merciless Sahara desert.As the journey unfolds, the Sahara reveals not the emptiness of endless sand dunes, but a huge and diverse range of cultures and landscapes and a long history of commerce and conquest stretching from the time of the ancient Egyptians to the oil-rich Islamic republics of today.On his way, he encounters dangers such as camel stew, being run over by the Paris-Dakar rally and Dakar nightlife, as well as returning to the original spot where THE LIFE OF BRIAN was fimed.This is travel writing at its very best.	2003-09-18	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780747267645	The know	Martina Cole		Joanie Brewer loves the bones of her three children. She'd do anything to protect them, even resorting to prostitution and petty crime in order to feed and clothe them. So when her beautiful teenage daughter is raped and murdered, only one thing will stop Joanie's pain - seeing her daughter's killer brought to justice. Joanie knows who he is and she'll do whatever it takes to nail him...	2004-10-07	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780446551717	RICHEST MAN IN TOWN, THE,THE TWELVE COMMANDMENTS OF WEALTH	Jones		W. Randall Jones has traveled to different towns and cities across the country and interviewed the wealthiest resident in each. These are the self-made types who found their own individual paths to financial success. They all shared many of the same traits and followed what the author calls the Twelve Commandments of Wealth, with now he write in this book; like - 'stay hungry (even when you're successful); you really do learn more from failing than you may think; absolutely be your own boss, the sooner the better; understand that selling is the key to success; where you live doesn't matter; never retire, etc.'	2009-09-01	Hachette Book Group USA		English				ZZZ000000
9780749938451	White Lies	Jayne Ann Krentz		Petite, thirty-something Clare Lancaster is a gifted psychic and a 'human lie detector.' Until recently, Clare had never had much to do with her estranged father, Archer Lancaster, so when he summons her from California, she is reluctant to say the least. But after meeting Jake Salter, Archer's financial consultant, Clare is convinced that things aren't what they seem. Something sparks and sizzles between them - something more than just casual flirtation between a man and a woman. Caught in a dizzying storm of secrets, lies, and half-truths, Jake and Clare must work together in an investigation that demands every bit of their special gifts - together they must overcome their mutual distrust in order to unravel a web of conspiracy and murder.	2008-01-03	Piatkus Books		English				FIC027120
9780752889818	Debt of Bones	Terry Goodkind		A short novel of immense scope that shows Terry Goodkind's story telling powers at their very best. In the days of the war against Panis Rahl a young woman presents the first wizard with an intractable choice and forces him into an encounter that could unleash a maelstrom of magic.Terry Goodkind's skill at showing characters struggling with free will and facing nightmarish dilemmas as their spirits are tested is shown to its best effect in DEBT OF BONES, as is his consummate world building.	2008-12-01	Victor Gollancz Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780755331598	Wicked,The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West	Gregory Maguire		An astonishingly rich re-creation of the land of Oz, this book retells the story of Elphaba, the Wicked Witch of the West, who wasn't so wicked after all. Taking readers past the yellow brick road and into a phantasmagoric world rich with imagination and allegory, Gregory Maguire just might change the reputation of one of the most sinister characters in literature.	2007-02-05	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780753823798	Young Stalin	Sebag Montefiore		Stalin remains one of the creators of our world - like Hitler, the personification of evil. Yet Stalin hid his past and remains mysterious. This enthralling biography that reads like a thriller finally unveils the secret but extraordinary journey of the Georgian cobbler's son who became the Red Tsar. What forms such a merciless psychopath and consummate politician? Was he illegitimate? Did he owe everything to his mother - was she whore or saint? Was he a Tsarist agent or Lenin's chief gangster? Was he to blame for his wife's premature death? If he really missed the 1917 Revolution, how did he emerge so powerful?Born in poverty, exceptional in his studies, this charismatic but dangerous boy was hailed as a romantic poet, trained as a priest, but found his mission as fanatical revolutionary. The secret world of Joseph Conrad-style terrorism was Stalin's natural habitat, where he charmed his future courtiers, made the enemies he later liquidated, and abandoned his many mistresses and children. The mastermind of bank-robberies, protection-rackets, extortion, arson, piracy and murder was, uniquely, part-intellectual, part-brigand. Montefiore shows how the murderous paranoia and gangsterism of the criminal underworld, combined with pitiless ideology, taught Stalin how to triumph in the Kremlin - and create the USSR in his flawed image.Based on massive research and astonishing new evidence, YOUNG STALIN is a history of the Russian Revolution, a pre-history of the USSR - and a fascinatingly intimate biography: this is how Stalin became Stalin.	2008	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9781842556573	Secret Treasure	Amy Tree		In Sesame Brown's quest to find the eighth magical charm - a silver coin - she must travel deep underground into passageways where dragons once slept.Charmingly written stories, appealing characters, a beautifully imagined world with its own language - plus a silver charm to add to your bracelet with each book. Collect them all - heart, horseshoe, shell, dolphin, moon, lantern, four leaf clover, snowflake, star, coin, horseshoe, cat and key - and complete the bracelet.	2009-01-30	Orion Children's Books		English				FIC000000
9780446504911	Look Great, Feel Great,12 Keys to Enjoying a Healthy Life Now	Joyce Meyer		The bodies God gives are instruments for experiencing a fulfilling life on earth, for doing good works, for spiritual development. To do the work individuals are meant to do, they need to keep in shape. They must maintain a sound mind, body, and soul. Yet in the modern world, it is all too easy to let one, two, or all three of these slip. LOOK GREAT, FEEL GREAT presents Joyce's twelve-key plan to address the epidemic of "self esteem drought" that appears to be a factor in perpetuating habits that create poor health.Additionally, Joyce will provide helpful resources, like the "Ounce of Prevention Checklist," for self-maintenance.	2008-11-04	FaithWords		English				ZZZ000000
9780340820902	Mistress of Justice	Jeffery Deaver		Taylor Lockwood spends her days working as a paralegal in one of New York's pre-eminent Wall Street law firms and her nights playing jazz piano anywhere she can. But the rhythm of her life is disrupted when attorney Mitchell Reece requests her help in locating a stolen document that could cost him not only the multimillion dollar case he's defending but his career as well. Eager to get closer to this handsome, brilliant and very private man, Taylor signs on...only to find that as she delves deeper and deeper into what goes on behind closed doors at Hubbard, White & Willis, she uncovers more than she wants to know ndash; including a plenitude of secrets damaging enough to smash careers and dangerous enough to push someone to commit murder. Yet who is capable of going to that extreme? With her life on the line, Taylor is about to learn the lethal answer...	2002-09-05	Hodder & Stoughton		English				FIC000000
9780349120089	A Death in Tuscany	Michele Giuttari		In the picturesque Tuscan hill town of Scandicci, the body of a girl is discovered. Scantily dressed, she is lying by the edge of the woods. The local police investigate the case ? but after a week, they still haven't even identified her, let alone got to the bottom of how she died.Frustrated by the lack of progress, Chief Superintendent Michele Ferrara, head of Florence's elite Squadra Mobile, decides to step in. Because toxins were discovered in the girl's body, many assumed that she died of a self-inflicted drugs overdose. But Ferrara quickly realises that the truth is darker than that: he believes that the girl was murdered.And when he delves deeper, there are many aspects to the case that convince Ferrara that the girl's death is part of a sinister conspiracy ? a conspiracy that has its roots in the very foundations of Tuscan society...	2009-06-04	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780600619345	HAMLYN ALL COLOUR COOKBOOK,200 REALLY EASY RECIPES	Louise Pickford		Cooking a meal from scratch can be a satisfying, relaxing and rewarding experience, no matter what your level of experience and time available. If you are keen to develop your culinary skills but are unsure where to begin, Hamlyn All Colour Cookbook: 200 Really Easy Recipes provides the perfect solution. Here is a collection of varied and simple-to-make dishes for every occasion, from starters and main meals to delicious desserts. Why not impress your friends and family with roasted pumpkin soup, a warm scallop salad or perhaps a caramel ice cream cake?	2009-06-01	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9781444000870	Hilariously Horrid Joke Book	Francesca Simon		Laugh your way through every day of the year with Horrid Henry as he presents 365 hilarious jokes for every possible occasion ... But is the last laugh on Henry?	2010-06-10	Orion Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780751542080	Outlaw	Angus Donald		When he's caught stealing, young Alan Dale is forced to leave his family and go to live with a notorious band of outlaws in Sherwood Forest. Their leader is the infamous Robin Hood. A tough, bloodthirsty warrior, Robin is more feared than any man in the county. And he becomes a mentor for Alan; with his fellow outlaws, Robin teaches Alan how to fight - and how to win.But Robin is a ruthless man - and although he is Alan's protector, if Alan displeases him, he could also just as easily become his murderer....From bloody battles to riotous feast days to marauding packs of wolves, Outlaw is a gripping, action-packed historical thriller that delves deep into the fascinating legend of Robin Hood.	2009-07-16	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9780340837467	The Road to Dune	Frank Herbert&Brian Herbert&Kevin J. Anderson		THE ROAD TO DUNE is a compilation of material celebrating - and adding to - the epic Dune novels. In this fascinating volume, the world's millions of Dune fans can now read - at long last - the unpublished chapters and scenes from the original Dune books; as well as correspondence with Frank Herbert relating to DUNE; short stories by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson and also SPICE PLANET, an original novella by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson, based on a detailed outline left by Frank Herbert.	2006-03-27	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9781846012938	Ask,The 1000 Most Asked Questions about Love	Jenny Hare		Have you ever wondered how to avoid being attracted to the same personality type; how to find the perfect partner; add sparkle to your marriage, deal with mixed feelings and disloyalties; get out of an unhappy relationship? Consult and keep Ask: Love handy for solving those perennial problems of the heart.Jenny, using her experiences as an advice columnist addresses all those questions of love which have troubled her many readers over the years. Learn how to tell your partner that you aren't satisfied with your sex together, why your Mr. Right always turns into Mr. Wrong, why you never seem to find a potential Mr. Right and why, when you do, you won't allow yourself to be loved. Turn your love life around, for the better, with Ask: Love.	2009-02	Spruce		English				ZZZ000000
9781844081509	Curious pursuits,occasional writing 1970-2005	Margaret Atwood		' Whenever I resolve to write less and do something healthful instead, like ice dancing - some honey-tongued editor is sure to call me up and make me an offer I can't refuse. So in some ways this book is simply the result of an under-developed ability to say no.'Collected and published in the UK for the first time, here are essays and journalism from the brilliant novelist and poet. Ranging from book reviews of John Updike and Toni Morrison to an appreciation of Dashiell Hammet; an account of a journey in Afghanistan that sowed the seeds of The Handmaid's Tale; passionate ecological writings; funny stories of 'my most embarrassing moments'; obituaries of some of her great friends and fellow writers: Angela Carter, Mordecai Richler, Carol Shields.This is an insightful, thoughtful and revealing record of the life and times and writings of Margaret Atwood from 1970 to the present.	2006	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780446608411	Edgar Cayce Encyclopedia of Healing	Reba Ann Karp		Edgar Cayce used his psychic trances to diagnose and treat illnesses from arthritis to epilepsy. This guide provides an easily accessible reference to 9000 of his readings, covering nearly 200 ailments and their treatments.	1999-09-01	Warner Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749939045	Oceans of Fire	Christine Feehan		Seven sisters ? and a legacy of magical secrets. As the third daughter in a magical bloodline, Abigail Drake was born with a mystical affinity for water, and possessed a particularly strong bond with dolphins. She spent her entire life studying them, learning from them, and swimming among them in the waters off her hometown of Sea Haven ? Until the day Abby witnessed a cold-blooded murder on shore, and found herself fleeing for her life - right into the arms of Aleksandr Volstov. He's an Interpol agent on the trail of stolen Russian antiquities, a relentless man who gets what he goes after - and the man who broke Abby's heart. But he isn't going to let the only woman he ever loved be placed in harm's way - or slip away from his embrace?	2008-07-03	Piatkus Books		English				FIC027110
9780755343805	The Perfect Man	Sheila O'Flanagan		Two very different sisters, Mia (still in love with Alejo, the married father of her daughter) and Britt (the ice maiden, who has ironically written a romantic bestseller), join a luxury honeymoon cruise in the Caribbean where Britt is the guest lecturer. Also on board are recently widowed Leo, still reeling from the discovery of his wife's betrayal just before her death, and Steve, a ship's officer who's soon looking for more than a holiday romance with Mia. Can Steve replace Alejo and is there any chance that Britt and Leo can see that they really should get together? When the characters head for home - Mia to Spain, the others to Dublin - it seems that all romantic options are off, especially as Leo rashly got engaged to glamorous, man-eating Pippin while at sea. But love has a way of triumphing in Sheila O'Flanagan's novels, even if it takes till the very last page...	2009-08-06	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780340952269	Thinner	Stephen King&Richard Bachman		'Thinner' - the old gypsy man barely whispers the word. Billy feels the touch of a withered hand on his cheek. 'Thinner' - the word, the old man's curse, has lodged in Billy's mind like a fattening worm, eating at his flesh, at his reason. And with his despair, comes violence.	2007-06-14	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780340833728	Turning Angel	Greg Iles		Rape and murder aren't new to the Deep South, but when the body of a popular high school girl is found dumped in the local river, the whole town of Natchez, Mississippi is shocked. Penn Cage no longer practises law, but when his best friend Drew is accused of the murder and asks for help, Penn must face the hardest questions of his life: Can he defend Drew against the town, the police and overwhelming evidence? Or could it be true that his friend is a brutal killer who has deceived Penn and everyone else?	2006-01-01	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9781420104646	Wild Conquest	Hannah Howell		"New York Times"-bestselling author Howell delivers a classic love story of a Scottish hero too wild to be tamed and the woman he's destined to set free. Original.	2009-11-03	Kensington Publishing Corporation		English				ZZZ000000
9780446618007	The Spy Wore Silk	Andrea Pickens		They were once orphans from London's roughest slums. Now they are students of Mrs. Merlin's Academy for Select Young Ladies, learning the art of spying and seduction. Bold, beautiful, and oh-so-dangerous, they are England's ultimate secret weapons. The most skilled of Merlin's Maidens, Siena must unmask a traitor lurking among an exclusive club of book collectors. Armed with only her wits, her blades, and her sultry body, she joins the gentlemen at a country house party. But her prime suspect, disgraced ex-army officer Lord Kirtland proves as enigmatic as he is suspicious-and sinfully sensuous. Kirtland's instincts tell him the enticing "Black Dove" is hiding more than a luscious body beneath her fancy silks. Yet as he starts to plumb her secrets, a cunning adversary lays plans to destroy them both. To live, Siena must end her tantalizing dance of deception and desire-and decide whether to trust her head or her heart.	2007-06-01	Warner Forever		English				ZZZ000000
9780755347896	Towelhead	Alicia Erian		Now a major film, a challenging, hugely entertaining story of a young girl's troubled coming-of-age. Jasira, a teenaged Arab-American girl, is sent away by her mother to live with her father, after the mother's boyfriend begins paying her too much attention. But Jasira's father is unable to show her the affection she craves, or to handle her feelings about her rapidly changing body. America is about to go to war in Kuwait, and Jasira becomes ever more isolated at school, and begins to look for love in all the wrong places. Mr Vuoso, a neighbour and army reservist, is quick to take advantage of her vulnerability. Things look very bad for Jasira until a pregnant neighbour, Melina, offers her a lifeline, and in the novel's hilarious, and heartbreaking climax, manages to bring father and daughter, finally, a little closer to one another.	2008-10-01	Review		English				FIC043000
9780316733823	Arthur's Jelly Beans	Marc Tolon Brown		Arthur wins the jelly bean hunt at Muffy's Spring Fling party in an unexpected way. Includes "Arthur's Jelly Bean Game" [Back cover].	2004-03-01	Little, Brown and Company		English				ZZZ000000
9780446541015	Chosen by Desire	Kate Perry		It's down to the wire and Carrie Woods is leaving China without the proof she needs for her thesis: Wei Lin's journal. While on a final tour of the monastery, Carrie finally locates the scrolls and attempts to photograph the documents. Caught in a sticky situation, Carrie takes the scrolls, only to notice a mysterious monk watching her--the same monk that she's seen each time she's taken a tour. Unable to return the scrolls, she travels back to California and isn't too thrilled when she notices the monk at the airport. Maximillian Prescott first came to the monastery as an orphaned teenager when he inherited the Book of Metal from a distant uncle he hardly knew. After spotting a woman stealing from the monastery, he follows her to get back the documents he knows she's stolen. Max is further intrigued when he finds out that the chatty woman is friends with his archrival, Rhys Llewellyn, and he will stop at nothing to get back everything he's lost.	2009-10-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780749932770	Dance upon the air	Nora Roberts		Praise for Nora Roberts: 'Exciting, romantic, great fun' Cosmopolitan 'You can't bottle wish fulfilment, but Nora Roberts certainly knows how to put it on the page' New York Times Look out for Heaven and Earth and Face the Fire, the continuing story of Three Sisters Island, coming soon from Piatkus.	2001-08-02	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9781842551486	Don't cook Cinderella	Francesca Simon		It's just an ordinary day at Mother Goose's Academy. There's Miss Good Fairy teaching the Three Little Pigs, Snow White, Sleeping Beauty, Cinderella, Hansel and Gretel and Little Red Riding Hood to read and write, while Miss Bad Fairy is inciting the Ugly Sisters, the Big Bad Wolf, Troll, Wicked Stepmother, Wicked Witch and Jealous Queen to gobble them all up. The result? Chaos! Witty, fast-paced and anarchic, this is a complete story with ten short chapters ('C.A.T. Spells Dog', 'What Troll Learned', 'Snakes and Snails for Lunch') that take us through the school day. This is a wonderful romp that Horrid Henry fans will revel in. 7 yrs+	2005-05-05	Orion Audiobooks		English				ZZZ000000
9780749926748	The fine art of small talk,how to start a conversation in any situation	Debra Fine		>Communication expert Debra Fine reveals the techniques and strategies anyone can use to make small talk - in any situation>Do you spend an abnormal amount of time hiding in the bathroom or hanging around the buffet table at social gatherings? Does the thought of striking up a conversation with a stranger make your stomach do flip-flops? Do you sit nervously through job interviews waiting for the other person to speak? Are you nervous when it comes to networking? Then it's time you mastered and Fine Art of Small Talk.With practical advice and conversation 'cheat sheets,' and Fine Art of Small Talk will help you learn to feel more comfortable in any type of social situation, from lunch with your boss to going out on a date to a cocktail party where you don't know a soul. and Fine Art of Small Talk teaches you how to:--Start a conversation even when you think you have nothing to say-Steady your shaky knees and dry your sweaty palms-Prevent awkward pauses and lengthy silences-Adopt listening skills that will make you a better conversationalist-Approach social functions with confidence-Feel more at ease at parties, meetings and at job interviews-Turn every conversation into an opportunity for success	2006-01-05	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780755342761	Survival of the Fittest	Jonathan Kellerman		Weaving together the threads of a mystery that lead from a child's murder to a young scientist's suicide, Kellerman draws one of the most chilling, frighteningly realistic portraits of evil you will ever experience The mentally disablednbsp;daughter of a diplomat isnbsp;killed in cold blood in a deserted corner of the Santa Monica mountains. Her father adamantly denies the possibility of a political motive, which leaves LAPD detective Milo Sturgis and his friend Alex Delaware to pose the question: why? The father is so intent on controlling the investigation that Alex and Milo start to wonder if he wants to findnbsp;the truth - or keep itnbsp;buried. Afternbsp;another killing,nbsp;within days Alex finds himself ensnared in one of the darkest, most menacing cases of his career. Driven to find answers, Alex goes undercover, alone, to expose the smug brutality of a murderous conspiracy and a terrifying contempt for human life.	2009-02-05	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780340979198	The Last Godfathers,The Rise and Fall of the Mafia's Most Powerful Family	John Follain		THE LAST GODFATHERS charts the rise of the notorious Corleone clan. From its humble origins in the town of Corleone, the clan manipulated Cosa Nostra's code of honour, deceiving and bludgeoning its way to the top of the secret brotherhood, purging its rivals and launching a terrorist campaign which decimated anti-mafia judges, police and politicians. Journalist John Follain focuses on the three godfathers who headed the clan from the 1950s onwards. Luciano 'The Professor' Leggio, Salvatore 'The Beast' Riina and Bernardo 'The Tractor' Provenzano, who forged a vicious clan bent on the subversion of democracy. Cutting through the romantic aura of Hollywood films, THE LAST GODFATHERS portrays the true face of the crime family which inspired Mario Puzo's The Godfather . Based on thousands of pages of judicial documents, wiretap transcripts, the testimony of mafiosi defectors and interviews with investigators, this is the last word on the world's most famous criminal organisation.	2009-01-22	Hodder And Stoughton Ltd.		English				ZZZ000000
9780446197960	The Secret Revealed,Exposing the Truth About the Law of Attraction	James L. Garlow&Rick Marschall		Just as Dan Browns The Da Vinci Code (Doubleday, 2003) challenged orthodox Christian theology and impacted millions around the world, Rhonda Byrnes The Secret is sweeping Americaand engendering its own controversy. Now James L. Garlow and Rick Marschall illuminate The Secrets errors and dangers in THE SECRET REVEALED. Instead of self-help promises, it offers readers centuries-old principles from a biblical perspective on the real secret to successthe truth of Gods love and divine providence. THE SECRET REVEALED will leave readers with hope and a rock-solid philosophy to effectively build their lives.	2007-07-31	FaithWords		English				ZZZ000000
9780719523427	Theory of Relativity	Jacquelyn Mitchard		When his sister dies in a car accident with her husband, leaving behind a baby daughter, Gordon McKenna naturally assumes he will adopt the baby girl, whom he helped raise. His hopes are dashed in an eight-minute hearing when a judge rules that since Gordon (himself adopted as a newborn) is not a blood relative of Keefer's, custody should be granted to a second cousin of the baby's father.As Gordon fights a losing battle to adopt Keefer, he realises that he is not yet ready to become a father and, after two years of legal wrangling, he decides to give Keefer up, rather than uproot her from the only home she has known. Fate, however, has other ideas. A Theory of Relativity traces the struggles of one family, and examines the meaning of connection among members of all families.	2009-06-25	John Murray		English				FIC000000
9781842555774	Horrid Henry's Brainbusters	Francesca Simon		Illustrated in full colour with TV stills and Tony Ross's distinctive art each 24 page book is packed to the brim with brand new HORRID HENRY treats.There are cunning crosswords, wily word searches, perplexing puzzles, clever codes, ingenious quizzes and skilful spot-the-difference pictures.Answers at the back of each book!	2006-10-18	Orion Children's Books		English				JNF021040
9781420104493	Lord of Pleasure	Delilah Marvelle		The acclaimed author of "Mistress of Pleasure" returns with a super sexy historical romance in which gentlemen are schooled in the art of love. Original.	2009-07-28	Zebra Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781853816802	Murder in the dark,short fictions and prose poems	Margaret Atwood		These short fictions and prose poems are beautifully bizarre: bread can no longer be thought of as wholesome comforting loaves; the pretensions of the male chef are subjected to a light roasting; poisonous brew is concocted by cynical five year olds; and knowing when to stop is of deadly importance in a game of murder in the dark.	1994	Virago Press		English				ZZZ000000
9780752882987	Promise Not to Tell	Jennifer McMahon		Kate Cypher has returned home to Vermont, after a telephone call from friends who are worried about her mother's failing health. On the night she arrives, a young girl is murdered, a horrific crime that eerily mirrors another from Kate's childhood. Three decades earlier, her misfit friend Del, shunned and derided by her classmates as "the potato girl", was brutally slain. Del's killer was never found, and Del achieved immortality in local legends and ghost stories.Now, as the new murder investigation draws Kate irresistibly in, her past and present collide in terrifying and unexpected ways. But nothing is quite what it seems - and the grim spectres of her childhood are far from forgotten.	2008-07-10	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780755352555	Skin Trade	Laurell K. Hamilton		The sensational new novel featuring vampire-hunting heroine Anita Blake A nita Blake's reputation has taken some hits. Not on the work front, where she has the highest kill count of all the legal vampire executioners in the country, but on the personal front. No one seems to trust a woman who sleeps with the monsters. Still, when a vampire serial killer sends her a head from Las Vegas , Anita has to warn Sin City 's local authorities what they're dealing with. Only it's worse than she thought. Several officers and one executioner have been slain ' paranormal style... Anita heads to Las Vegas , where she's joined by three other federal marshals, including the ruthless Edward hiding behind his mild-mannered persona. It's a good thing Edward always has her back, because, when she gets close to the bodies, Anita senses 'tiger' too strongly to ignore it. The were-tigers are very powerful, which means the odds of her rubbing someone important up the wrong way just got a lot higher...	2009-11-26	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780749909536	Dark Curse	Christine Feehan		Born into a world of ice, slave to her evil father, Lara Calladine knew paralysing fear as a child. Only by escaping with her mysterious gifts unbroken did she survive to claim her great Carpathian heritage as a Dragonseeker. She walked her chosen path alone, trusting no one. For beyond the frozen hall of her youth was a world of even greater mystery and danger. Now the world's leading expert in the field of ice-cave study, Lara is on a search for healing microorganisms, but also for the source of her nightmares - the cold, dark corners of her childhood. Only one man has the will and the power to help her: Nicolas De La Cruz. Dangerous and arrogant, centuries of hunting and killing have taken their toll on him but he still longs to feel sensual love without the hunger for blood. A tenuous trust emerges between Lara and Nicholas, and a passion neither of them has ever experienced but, as much as they long for a future as lifemates, they are also haunted by the unknown dangers of the dark curse.	2009-10-01	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780575073982	Elfsorrow	James Barclay		Another action-packed adventure from the new master of fantasy launches Legends of The Raven, a new trilogy starring the cult heroes made famous in Chronicles of The Raven. The Raven travel to a new continent in search of mages to help the ruined college of Julatsa rebuild . . . and find themselves in the midst of an ancient curse - a curse that has unleashed a plague that threatens to wipe out the elven race. Barclay excels with another tale that pitches The Raven against the clock and unseen foes. Full of desperate fights and secret betrayals the story also fills in more of Balaia's history and delves deeper into the ancient emnities between the colleges. Barclay has created a wonderfully appealing group of heroes and with every book their history grows and the land they live in becomes wider and richer. This is landmark fantasy in the making.	2003-08-07	Gollancz		English				FIC009000
9780297852773	Finding Happiness,Monastic Steps for a Fulfilling Life	Christopher Jamison		"In this book Abbot Christopher turns to monastic wisdom to offer answers, and to explain that in essence happiness is a gift not an achievement, the fruit of giving and receiving blessings." "Everybody is searching for happiness but not everybody knows how to find it. In modern Britain, more and more people say that their life is too materialistic and superficial, which leads to a feeling of dissatisfaction. Our consumer culture encourages the belief that happiness comes with pleasure, but this book will challenge that belief and encourage alternative approaches to how we view happiness."--BOOK JACKET.	2008-11-04	Weidenfeld & Nicolson		English				SEL016000
9781842555651	Horrid Henry's Evil Enemies	Francesca Simon		Ten brilliant stories about Horrid Henry's evil enemies - Moody Margaret, Sour Susan, Stuck-Up Steve, Bossy Bill, Perfect Peter and Rabid Rebecca the Bogey Babysitter, to name just a few - and how he schemes to outwit them, sometimes successfully, sometimes not. Alongside these much-loved and laughed-over stories there is lots of new material, such as Horrid Henry's Top Secret Plan to Rule the World, Rules for a Secret Club, a Wanted poster, an exchange of rude notes between Henry and Moody Margaret, diagrams, battle-plans and recipes for Glop. With many pictures in colour, including some new ones, this is a gorgeous treat for all Horrid Henry fans, just as funny and inventive as HORRID HENRY'S BIG BAD BOOK and HORRID HENRY'S WICKED WAYS.	2007-07-05	Orion Children's		English				ZZZ000000
9780446508759	Twanged	Carol Higgins Clark		Regan Reilly plans to spend her Fourth of July week vacationing in the Hamptons at her parents' home and also with her best friend, Kit, who has a share in a group house. A last-minute phone call, however, casts Regan's trip in a new light. Brigid O'Neill, a rising country star, has been getting frightening "love notes" and she hires Regan as her bodyguard for a Fourth of July concert in Southampton. Brigid plans to play a fiddle given to her in Ireland and said to have magic powers. She later learns the rest of its legend - whoever takes it out of Ireland will have an accident or face death. A guest found floating face-down in a pool at Chappy's welcoming party for Brigid is only the first in a series of ominous incidents. As Brigid's Fourth of July concert nears, it looks as if the cursed fiddle should be shipped back to Ireland - Express Mail! It's Regan's job to hold the curse at bay and fend off Brigid's pursuers."Entertaining...exactly what Clark fans have been craving." --- USA Today"A superb mystery writer...makes it fun for her readers. " --- Washington Times "A breezy cosy, full of crazy characters...A pleasant and charming outling."--- San Francisco Chronicle	2008-05-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780758209108	Ultra Violet	Nancy Bush		In her third smash outing, feisty and fiercely witty P.I. Jane Kelly finds herself in deadly danger after a plastic surgery magnate is murdered just before his daughter's society wedding.	2008-08-26	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9781842556696	Horrid Henry's Wicked Wordsearches	Francesca Simon		Solve Henry's wicked wordsearches in this 24 page activity book, illustrated in full colour with TV stills and Tony Ross's distinctive art.	2008-05-01	Orion Children's Books		English				JNF021000
9781420104615	If He's Sinful	Hannah Howell		When he finds an innocent beauty lying drugged and helpless in a brothel, Lord Ashton Radmoor becomes determined to keep this woman, whose extraordinary gift of second sight has led her into a world of treachery and betrayal, safe from harm. Original.	2009-11-24	Kensington Publishing Corporation		English				ZZZ000000
9780755331109	In a Far Country	Linda Holeman		The international bestseller returns with a dazzling new epic in the timeless style of THE FAR PAVILIONS Pree Fincastle, daughter of impoverished British missionaries in India, is left alone and destitute when tragedy strikes. Turned away by the Church, she embarks on a journey in search of Kai, the son of her mother's ayah, and the only person she can trust. But Kai is not the man Pree thought he was, and the secrets he holds will unlock the door to another world, another time ndash; and, shockingly, another life. Haunting, powerful, heartbreaking and magnificent, IN A FAR COUNTRY tells of one young woman's enthralling journey. A passage through penury and prostitution, tragedy and bloodshed, secrets and love, it is ultimately a story of hope; a story that, once read, will never be forgotten...	2009-01-13	Headline Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780751540338	Lethal Legacy	Linda Fairstein		When the police are called to a building on New York's Upper East Side, Detective Mike Chapman and Assistant DA Alexandra Cooper respond quickly. A resident, Tina Barr, is alleged to have been assaulted, but she refuses to co-operate with their enquiries.Within a day Alex and Chapman are back at the same building, confronted with the body of a woman, battered to death and with a mysterious jewel-encrusted book beside her. But the vict isn't Tina Barr, and Tina has disappeared.The book is part of a rare collection at the New York Public Library and Alex and Chapman are plunged into the deadly world of the super-rich - those who protect their fortunes and collections more carefully than other people's lives.	2009-12-03	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780747267591	Maura's game	Martina Cole		Maura Ryan was the queen of the criminal underworld when she pulled off the most audacious gold bullion robbery of all time. Since then she's retired from a life of crime to be with the only man she's ever loved. But enemies from her past are closing in and they're about to learn that they should never cross Maura Ryan. The dangerous lady is back and she's as lethal as ever... MAURA'S GAME is an explosive novel of East End violence and corruption from one of the most original voices in fiction today. Martina Cole's unique blend of emotional drama and shocking realism combine in this electrifying new bestseller.	2003-05-08	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780575075603	Ilium	Dan Simmons		Taking the events and characters of the Iliad as his jumping- off point, Dan Simmons has created an epic of time travel and savage warfare. Travellers from 40,000 years in the future return to Homer's Greece and rewrite history forever, their technology impacting on the population in a godlike fashion. This is broad scope space opera rich in classical and literary allusion, from one of the key figures in 1990s world SF. Ilium marks a return to the genre for one of its greats.	2004	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780755341719	Mirror Mirror	Gregory Maguire		A unique retelling of the classic fairytale, SNOW WHITE by the internationally bestselling author of WICKED The year is 1502, and seven-year-old Bianca de Nevada lives perched high above the rolling hills and valleys of Tuscany and Umbria at Montefiore, the farm of her beloved father, Don Vicente. But one day a noble entourage makes its way up the winding slopes to the farm - and the world comes to Montefiore. In the presence of Cesare Borgia and his sister, the lovely and vain Lucrezia - decadent children of a wicked pope - no one can claim innocence for very long. When Borgia sends Don Vicente on a years-long quest, he leaves Bianca under the care - so to speak - of Lucrezia. She plots a dire fate for the young girl in the woods below the farm, but in the dark forest salvation can be found as well... A lyrical work of stunning creative vision, MIRROR MIRROR gives fresh life to the classic story of Snow White - and has a truth and beauty all its own.	2009-02-05	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780749928643	Optimum Nutrition for Your Child,How to Boost Your Child's Health, Behaviour and IQ	Patrick Holford&Deborah Colson		Patrick Holford illustrated the connection between nutrition and all aspects of health in his best-selling book PATRICK HOLFORD'S NEW OPTIMUM NUTRITION BIBLE. Here, he reveals how crucial optimum nutrition is for children's general health and development, as well as their behaviour and IQ. He explains why certain foods are so beneficial and why others are damaging, and enables you to identify common problems in children which can be improved or solved with the right foods and supplements. With invaluable advice on getting children to eat healthy food, food plans and practical tips, this book is the definitive guide for parents.	2008-06-05	Piatkus		English				HEA017000
9780755318216	Playfair Football Annual 2008-2009	Jack Rollin		The compact companion for the sport's connoisseur. Now in its 61st year, PLAYFAIR FOOTBALL ANNUAL brings you an A to Z of Euro 2008 - qualifying and finals;nbsp;Champions League and UEFA Cup coverage; an unrivalled club and player directory for English league clubs; English and Scottish league and cup coverage;nbsp;at-a-glance English league positions for 25 years;nbsp;week-by-week domestic and international fixures for the 2008-09 season. The ideal book to take to matches and settle arguments before, during and after!	2008-08-07	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781408701638	The Sweet and Simple Kind	Yasmine Gooneratne		'Loyalty (and the damnable lack of it in his wife) was the thought uppermost in the mind of Sir Andrew Millbanke as he looked down at Lady Alexandra's dead body, spread-eagled on the paved pathway of the Residency.'And so begins an engrossing and dramatic family drama, set against the backdrop of Ceylon's bumpy evolution into Sri Lanka, as the Wijesinha clan struggle to balance their staunch political ambition against the ignominy of an embarrassing family scandal. And when two young family members, cousins Tsunami and Latha, meet and become firm friends no one can guess that their triumphant friendship will be played out over the passing years against both the best and the worst the newly independent Sri Lanka can offer as these two smart and Westernised young women pursue their own personal freedoms.	2009-02-05	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780340674451	The talisman	Stephen King&Peter Straub		In a terrifying trip across America young Jack Sawyer is searching for the Talisman, the only thing that can save his dying mother. His quest takes him into the menacing Territories where violence, surprise and the titanic struggle between good and evil reach across a mythic landscape.	1996-06-27	New English Library		English				ZZZ000000
9780340999127	How to Ride a Dragon's Storm	Cressida Cowell		THE STORY CONTINUES in the seventh volume of Hiccup's How to Train Your Dragon memoirs ... Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III was an awesome sword-fighter, a dragon-whisperer and the greatest Viking Hero who ever lived. But it wasn't always like that. Hiccup's memoirs look back to when Hiccup was just an ordinary boy, and finding it very hard to be a Hero. Hiccup has three months, five days and six hours to discover America, get back to Berk, save his father, battle Polarserpents, AND win the annual Inter-Tribal Friendly Swimming Race. Can he do it? (Tick-tock-tick-tock-tick-tock) How to Train Your Dragon is soon to be a DreamWorks film starring Gerrard Butler, America Ferrera and Jonah Hill, out in March 2010 adapted from the best-selling How to Train Your Dragon series by Cressida Cowell . Read the rest of Hiccup's exploits in the How to Train Your Dragon series in How to Train Your Dragon, How to Be a Pirate, How to Speak Dragonese, How to Cheat a Dragon's Curse, How to Twist a Dragon's Tale, A Hero's Guide to Deadly Dragons, and How to Break a Dragon's Heart. Check out the all-new Hiccup website at www.howtotrainyourdragonbooks.com It's the place to go for games, downloads, activities and sneak peeks! Read all about Hiccup and all of your favourite characters, learn to speak Dragonese and train your own dragon to do tricks!	2010	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780340999097	How to Speak Dragonese	Cressida Cowell		THE STORY CONTINUES in the third volume of Hiccup's How to Train Your Dragon memoirs ... Haddock III was an awesome sword-fighter, a dragon-whisperer and the greatest Viking Hero who ever lived. But it wasn't always like that. Hiccup's memoirs look back to when Hiccup was just an ordinary boy, and finding it very hard to be a Hero. Climbing on to a Roman Dragon Rustling ship by mistake in your first 'Boarding an Enemy Ship' lesson is bad enough. But to then discover that Alvin the Treacherous is also on board proves to Hiccup he couldn't have been more wrong, especially when he steals his copy of How to Speak Dragonese. Can Hiccup save the dragons and the day? How to Train Your Dragon is soon to be a DreamWorks film starring Gerrard Butler, America Ferrera and Jonah Hill, out in March 2010 adapted from the best selling How to Train Your Dragon series by Cressida Cowell . Read the rest of Hiccup's exploits in the How to Train Your Dragon series in How to Train Your Dragon, How to Be a Pirate, How to Cheat a Dragon's Curse, How to Twist a Dragon's Tale, A Hero's Guide to Deadly Dragons, How to Ride a Dragon's Storm, and How to Break a Dragon's Heart. Check out the all-new Hiccup website at www.howtotrainyourdragonbooks.com It's the place to go for games, downloads, activities and sneak peeks! Read all about Hiccup and all of your favourite characters, learn to speak Dragonese and train your own dragon to do tricks!	2010-02-25	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780446533645	Ending Your Day Right,Devotions for Every Evening of the Year	Joyce Meyer		#1 bestselling author and speaker Joyce Meyer offers a pocket-sized devotional to help readers seek God at the end of their day. Many people start their day off with a few minutes of prayer and Bible study, often with a devotion. But how many of them take the time at night to spend a moment with God after their hurried bedtime prayers? Now, as a companion to Starting Your Day Right, Joyce Meyer offers ENDING YOUR DAY RIGHT, a daily devotional aimed at helping readers take time to acknowledge and give thanks for God*s presence throughout their day, and to ask for his continued care throughout the night. Topics include: * The keys to letting go at the end of the day * Remembering to count our blessings * Living secure in God*s love * Realizing our dreams and hopes * and Giving thanks for the things we have.	2004-10-01	Warner Faith		English				ZZZ000000
9780340836910	Friend of the Devil	Peter Robinson		When Karen Drew is found sitting in her wheelchair staring out to sea with her throat cut one chilly morning, DI Annie Cabbot, on loan to Eastern Area, gets lumbered with the case. Back in Eastvale, that same Sunday morning, 19-year-old Hayley Daniels is found raped and strangled in the Maze, a tangle of narrow alleys behind Eastvale's market square, after a drunken night on the town with a group of friends, and DCI Alan Banks is called in. Banks finds suspects galore, while Annie seems to hit a brick wall-"until she reaches a breakthrough that spins her case in a shocking and surprising new direction, one that also involves Banks. Then another incident occurs in the Maze which seems to link the two cases in a bizarre and mysterious way. As Banks and Annie dig into the past to uncover the deeper connections, they find themselves also dealing with the emotional baggage and personal demons of their own relationship. And it soon becomes clear that there are two killers in their midst, and that at any moment either one might strike again.	2008-01-01	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780297851257	Instructions for Living Someone Else's Life	Mil Millington		Chris is 25. He has a job in advertising he despises - despite being naturally brilliant at creating shamelessly successful campaigns - an 'artistic' girlfriend and his two best mates from university, who spend a lot of time playing pool, drinking Grolsch and quoting lines from Robocop at each other. But Chris's life is about to change. The eighties are coming to an end and he must take decisive action if he is to fulfil what he suspects is his true potential.So, after pre-emptively celebrating the fact he is about to hand in his resignation, Chris goes to bed drunk in 1988 but very unexpectedly wakes up in 2006, with an unbelievable hangover, a long-suffering (and worryingly 'old'-looking) stranger for a wife, a life that hasn't turned out the way he had hoped for at all, and an unnerving amount of new body hair. For any one who has ever felt like a 25-year-old stuck in a middle-aged body this is a brilliantly funny and moving novel about love and experience, choices made and consequences lived with, and how although we may get hopelessly lost in life, the most unexpeceted people can help us find our way home.	2008-07-22	Weidenfeld & Nicolson		English				FIC016000
9780747266969	Long lost	David Morrell		The new thriller from the bestselling author of BLACK EVENING, DOUBLE IMAGE and DESPERATE MEASURES.	2002-10-07	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780340920961	Misery	Stephen King		In the exciting build-up to publication of Stephen King's new mainstream novel, LISEY'S STORY, Hodder are launching their King Classics Campaign starting with 6 of the most popular titles, CARRIE, THE SHINING, BAG OF BONES, CHRISTINE, THE STAND, MISERY. These titles will be published for the first time in B-format paperback, in a stunning new livery.	2006-09-07	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9781842555170	The Foreshadowing	Marcus Sedgwick		It is 1915. 17 year old Sasha Fox is the privileged only daughter of a respected doctor living in the wealthy seaside town of Brighton. But her brothers, Edgar and Tom, have gone to war and Sasha has a terrible gift. She can see the future. Her premonitions show her untold horrors on the battlefields of the Somme, and worse still, what will happen to Edgar and Tom. Like the prophetess Cassandra, who foretold the tragedies of Troy, Sasha is trapped by power. No one will believe her. Her family have lost faith in her. She is determined to win them back, whatever the price. And it is a high one - seeing the future is a fate almost too awful to contemplate - for who wants to see the end of their own story...? Stylishly written in his familiar, poetic prose the story is that of a world full of threat and a child in jeopardy - but with a heroine resourceful enough to try to change the path of Fate.	2006-05-25	Orion Children's		English				ZZZ000000
9780719566691	Things I Wish My Mother Had Told Me,Lessons in Grace and Elegance	Lucia van der Post		Packed full of golden rules from one of Britain's most stylish women, Things I Wish My Mother Had Told Me is a woman's companion for life. Lucia van der Post reveals the secrets of dressing stylishly with advice on everything from how to organise your wardrobe, what to wear to travel and where to buy delicious underwear, great cashmere and sassy skirts. Practical health and beauty tips will help you to choose a sophisticated scent, get fitter and decide whether cosmetic surgery is for you. Once you've mastered looking fantastic, learn how to add some elegance to other areas of your life. Discover great shortcuts to entertaining your guests as well as suggestions, from designers around the world, on how to make your home match the elegant new you. With advice on relationships, motherhood and how to juggle work, love and children, this is the essential handbook for women of all ages. Whether you are just starting out in life or want to age gracefully and make 60 the new 40, let Lucia van der Post guide you towards a new life and a new you with a touch of style.	2008-10-02	John Murray		English				REF015000
9781420105575	A Taste of Fire	Hannah Howell		Renowned for her dazzling Scottish Highland romances, Howell now sweeps readers to Texas as a beautiful heiress searches for the rancher who had saved her life and the life of her father years ago. Reissue.	2009-10-26	Kensington Publishing Corporation		English				ZZZ000000
9780749935085	Ain't She Sweet?	Susan Elizabeth Phillips		Praise for Susan Elizabeth Phillips: 'a wicked comedy . . . Don't miss . . .' Closer 'Witty, moving, passionate and tender . . . Pure up-to-the-minute entertainment . . .well-written, funny, sexy, and altogether satisfying.' Publishers Weekly 'No one tops Susan Elizabeth Phillips' Jayne Anne Krentz 'Lively steamy, light-hearted romance. Phillips has created a very modern and textured tale: witty, moving, passionate and tender' Amazon.com	2005-02-03	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780755315895	My Life, My Way	Cliff Richard		Sir Cliff Richard has sold more than 250 million records around the world since he burst onto the music scene in 1958. In a world fuelled by drink, sex, and drugs, he is perennially attractive without any of those things that keep other singers' profiles high. Now, working with the highly acclaimed biographer and journalist Penny Junor, Cliff speaks freely and frankly about his 50 years in pop music, including a chapter on America and many mentions of his U.S. tours. Inspirational and hugely talented, his extraordinary story is one to read and treasure for the next 50 years.	2010	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781559701396	On Poets and Others	Octavio Paz		A collection of essays by the Nobel Prize-winning author discusses Robert Frost, Walt Whitman, William Carlos Williams, Baudelaire, Jean Paul Sartre, Luis Bunuel, and Alexander Solzhenitsyn, among other fellow poets and writers. Reissue.	1991-01-18	Arcade Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781842557105	Red Admiral	Pippa Funnell		Tilly Redbrow doesn't just love horses - she lives, breathes and dreams them too. Ever since she rescued Magic Spirit, Silver Shoe Farm has become her second home. Tilly has a special affinity with horses and at Silver Shoe, she's learning all the time, about riding, training, and caring for them. It's her idea of heaven! Tilly spends all her spare time at Silver Shoe Farm, where she's discovering more about horses than she ever thought possible. Tilly's special gift draws her to an injured young thoroughbred racehorse, Red Admiral . Red might never compete again - unless Tilly can find a way to help him. Perfect for every girl who has ever longed for a pony of her own, these delightful, warm and engaging stories are packed with Pippa's expert advice on everything you ever wanted to know about horses.	2009-07-01	Orion Children's		English				ZZZ000000
9781842557099	Magic Spirit	Pippa Funnell		Tilly is an adopted child with a passion for ponies. The only clue to her past is a bracelet made of plaited horse hair. But when Tilly helps to rescue Magic Spirit, a rescue horse who has been so badly treated by humans that he won't let anyone close, everything changes. She's invited to Silver Shoe Farm to help with Magic Spirit's recovery, and Tilly's special affinity with horses is clear to everyone. Soon the stables become like a second home and that's when Tilly's adventures really begin.For every girl who has ever longed for a pony of her own, these delightful, warm and engaging stories are packed with Pippa's expert advice on everything you ever wanted to know about horses.	2009-07-01	Orion Children's		English				ZZZ000000
9780752881799	Hide	Lisa Gardner		Annabelle has had many names in her life - Sally, Cindy, Lucille. Every few months she had to pack a single bag, as her father moved the family from city to city, changing names, houses, careers and histories. But Annabelle never knew what they were running from. Now in her thirties, with both parents dead, she's settled in Boston. But old habits die hard and she still looks over her shoulder when she leaves her apartment, still blends in with the crowd on the subway. Then at the Boston State Mental Hospital a multiple grave is discovered. Six young girls were left to die in an underground chamber decades ago, while their captor looked on. When her original name appears in the paper, wrongly identifying her as one of the dead girls, Annabelle finally knows why her father kept running. But the killer is still on the loose. And he's been looking for her for a very long time.Bobby Dodge has been haunted by the Catherine Gagnon case for years. It nearly cost him his job and his sanity. As a child, Catherine was also held prisoner underground, like the victims in this latest case. But Catherine's captor was in prison when these girls were taken. Yet the similarities are too numerous to be just coincidence...	2007-10-03	Orion		English				FIC030000
9781842554975	Horrid Henry's wicked ways	Francesca Simon&Tony Ross		Following the spectacular success of Horrid Henry's Big Bad Book, here is a new hardback collection of favourite stories, with colour pictures and brand new material to tell you more about Horrid Henry. The ten stories all focus on Horrid Henry's home life, and how he vies with his little brother Perfect Peter and drives his well-meaning parents to distraction. They are: Horrid Henry's Holiday, Horrid Henry's Birthday Party, Horrid Henry Tricks the Tooth Fairy, Horrid Henry and the Fangmangler, Horrid Henry Gets Rich Quick, Horrid Henry and the Comfy Black Chair, Horrid Henry Tricks and Treats, Horrid Henry and the Mummy's Curse, Horrid Henry's Thank You Letter and Horrid Henry's Chores Further insights into Henry's family life include Home Fact File, a list of Horrid Henry's Prized Possessions, Mum's shopping lists and menus as amended by Henry, and more.	2005	Orion Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749939731	It's Not Rocket Science,And Other Irritating Modern Cliches	Clive Whichelow&Hugh Murray		In the last 30 years, new technology, fashion, and social set-ups have spawned new cliches galore. Everything on the internet is available at the "click of a mouse," TV hosts ask the audience to "give it up" when they want them to applaud, call centers say "we value your call" even though "all our operators are busy." And if someone "gobsmacked" by all this they may be told to "get a life," "chill out," or "whatever." This collection sifts through all aspects of modern life to find the most prevalent, ubiquitous, and downright irritating cliches of our age.	2010	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780751505528	Palomino	Danielle Steel		From shattered dreams to lasting love. Every time Samantha went back to the flat, John's words rang through her head- 'I can't live with you any more- I've got to get out.' He's been seeing another woman, and now she was promising him the one thing Sam couldn't give: a child. The man she had shared her life with, her love and laughter had lied to her. When the agency gave her four months on a ranch she thought they were crazy. Did they think a holiday would change her? She knew she was wild and untamable, a lone free Palomino- until she met the man who could break any horse on the range and entered a world of endless and enduring love.	1995	Warner Books		English				FIC027020
9780575076594	Song of Kali	Dan Simmons		Calcutta: a monstrous city of immense slums, disease and misery, is clasped in the foetid embrace of an ancient cult. At its decaying core is the Goddess Kali: the dark mother of pain, four-armed and eternal, her song the sound of death and destruction. Robert Luczak has been hired by Harper's to find a noted Indian poet who has reappeared, under strange circumstances, years after he was thought dead. But nothing is simple in Calcutta and Lucsak's routine assignment turns into a nightmare when he learns that the poet is rumoured to have been brought back to life in a bloody and grisly ceremony of human sacrifice.	2005-03-10	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780340899489	The Book of Lost Things	John Connolly		-~Once upon a time, there was a boy who lost his mother ...'As twelve-year-old David takes refuge from his grief in the myths and fairytales so beloved of his dead mother, he finds the real world and the fantasy world begin to blend. That is when bad things start to happen. That is when the Crooked Man comes. And David is violently propelled into a land populated by heroes, wolves and monsters, his quest to find the legendary Book of Lost Things.	2007	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780755330942	The Mermaid Chair	Sue Monk Kidd		Jessie Sullivan has been married half her life, and has become accustomed to her role. But when she returns to the isolated island she grew up on to establish why her mother has been behaving oddly, she is to find a lot more than she came looking for. A loving, exuberant character, who believes herself to be happy, she has forgotten a hidden part of her spirit - the part represented by the beautiful, vibrant and legendary mermaid carved on a chair in the island's monastery. When Jessie falls passionately in love with a monk who is close to taking his final vows, she discovers a place in herself that she had never previously imagined could exist. THE MERMAID CHAIR is the story of a woman trying to save her outgrown life - the roles, identities, securities and illusions she had created for herself - before finally emerging as something far more alive and powerful.	2006	Headline Review		English				FIC000000
9781559701358	The Monkey Grammarian	Octavio Paz		Written while Paz was the Mexican ambassador to India, this dazzling mind-journey to the temple city of Galta becomes the occasion for the celebratel Mexican poet and philosopher to explore the eternally intriguing question: is language, the concept of grammar, God-given or did man invent it on his own with powers borrowed from the divine realm?	1990	Arcade Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781858816395	The nursery storybook	Georgie Adams		The book that every family needs, containing all the traditional stories that small children should first hear. Every one of them is universally known and loved: Little Red Riding Hood, The Elves and the Shoemaker, The Three Billy Goats Gruff, The Real Princess, The Gingerbread Man, Goldilocks and the Three Bears, The Three Little Pigs and Jack and the Beanstalk.Georgie Adams tells the stories in a way young children will understand and respond to, and the warmth and friendliness of the text, with big type and a generous layout, is reflected in Peter Utton's delightful pictures.	1998-11-12	Dolphin		English				ZZZ000000
9780752881676	The Thirteenth Tale	Diane Setterfield		Angelfield House stands abandoned and forgotten. It was once home to the March family - fascinating, manipulative Isabelle, brutal, dangerous Charlie, and the wild, untamed twins, Emmeline and Adeline. But Angelfield House hides a chilling secret which strikes at the very heart of each of them, tearing their lives apart...Now Margaret Lea is investigating Angelfield's past - and the mystery of the March family starts to unravel. What has Angelfield been hiding? What is its connection with the enigmatic writer Vida Winter? And what is the secret that strikes at the heart of Margaret's own, troubled life?As Margaret digs deeper, two parallel stories unfold, and the tale she uncovers sheds a disturbing light on her own life...	2007-11-30	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780575082632	The Tooth Fairy	Graham Joyce		Seven-year-old Sam Southall loses a tooth, and that night he's visited by a sinister, rank, foul-mouthed, mercurial Tooth Fairy, a demonic being that apparently only he can see, but whose malignant influence spills over onto his family and friends. The Tooth Fairy Sam throughout his growing years, teaching him to make mischief at school, influencing his actions. One day she insists that Sam have his friend Terry sleep over. That same night, Terry's father shoots his wife, his other children, and himself . . .	2008-08-07	GOLLANCZ		English				ZZZ000000
9780751541380	To Love Again	Danielle Steel		Isabella and Amadeo. The toast of international society and the undisputed leaders of Rome couture. Together they ruled the House of San Gregoria, a monument to Isabella's fabulous designs and stunning beauty, to Amadeo's unerring flair and golden Florentine elegance. And beyond their enchanted world of splendour shone their boundless, undying love for one another.Then suddenly their dream was shattered. Amadeo was gone- for ever. Isabella fled to Rome for a new life of bitter struggles and haunting memories. With her proud courage and all her zest for living could she ever say goodbye to the past and dare... to love again.	2008-03-06	Little, Brown Book Group		English				FIC027020
9781844036189	1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die	Steven Jay Schneider		1001 Movies is now well-established as the definitive guide to everything you need to know about must-see movies, from the films you shouldn't have missed the first time around, to the films you can see again and again. Expert critics in each genre of film, from romance to horror and sci-fi, have painstakingly included, revised, cut and added films to bring the must-watch list bang up-to-date for 2007. They will tell you exactly why these films deserve inclusion in this definitive illustrated list, about their conception and development, and even about the most famous pieces of memorabilia associated with them. Packed with vital statistics, and a few facts that may surprise you, this is a collector's must for the bookshelf as well as an entertaining read for all those who love the wonderful world of film.	2007-10-15	Cassell Illustrated		English				PER004040
9780340938225	Absolute Fear	Lisa Jackson		Eve Renner has returned to New Orleans hoping to forget the past . . . but it will not be so easily forgotten. Now, as memories begin to surface, someone is watching, planning . . . for the sins of the past must be revealed, the crimes brought to justice, and the price paid--in blood. Abridged. 5 CDs.	2008-08-01	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780749941727	Babymoon,The Countdown to Mummydom Has Started...	Melanie La'Brooy		The countdown to mummydom has started . . .IIsabelle Beckett and Jack Boyd are expecting their first child. And Isabelle is the very model of a calm Earth Mother-to-be.Or she would be if she wasn't consumed by anxiety about finding her pelvic floor, watching birthing videos or deciding upon an uber trendy or dreadfully practical pram. But with the support of a host of new mothers and friends all full of the worst possible advice, just maybe Isabelle can make it through pregnancy and childbirth with her dignity, her relationship and some more private bits intact. Then again, maybe not.	2009-09-03	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780719554285	The Buddha and the sahibs,the men who discovered India's lost religion	Charles Allen		Today there are many Buddhists in the West, but for 2000 years the Buddha's teachings were unknown outside Asia. It was not until the late 18th century, when Sir William Oriental Jones, a British judge in India, broke through the Brahmin's prohibition on learning their sacred language. Sanskrit, that clues about the origins of a religion quite distinct from Hinduism began to be deciphered from inscriptions on pillars and rocks. This study tells the story of the search that followed, as evidence mounted that countries as diverse as Ceylon, Japan and Tibet shared a religion which had its origins in India yet was unknown there. British rule brought to India, Burma and Ceylon a whole band of enthusiastic Orientalist amateurs - soldiers, administrators and adventurers - intent on investigating the subcontinent's lost past. Unwittingly, these men helped lay the foundations for the revival of Buddhism in Asia during the 19th century and its spread to the West in the 20th. Charles Allen's book is a mixture of detective work and story-telling, as this acknowledged master of British Indian history pieces together early Buddhist history to bring a handful of extraoridinary characters to life.	2003-01	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780747235255	Chase	Dean Ray Koontz		A chilling tale from the international bestseller. Ben Chase is a war hero with bitter memories. Vietnam left him with a hard drinking habit, a mental breakdown ndash; and massive guilt. So who will believe him when he swears a psychopath is out to get him? When society is sick, the mad are sane ndash; and persecution is a killer's game...	1990-05-24	Headline		English				FIC030000
9780749909185	Circle of Desire	Keri Arthur		In ten years of working for the Damask Circle, shapeshifter Katherine Tanner has never come across anything like this child-murdering monster. Although she doesn't want to confront it, the Circle gives her little choice. The last thing she needs is interference from a cop who doesn't know what he's up against.Ethan Morgan's niece is missing and he's determined to bring her back alive and catch the monster behind these kidnappings. He will use anyone to achieve his aims - even a woman who claims to be a witch.Forced to join forces, Ethan and Kat struggle to uncover clues that will lead them to the monster's lair. Yet time is ticking away and the monster rarely keeps victims alive for more than seven days. Four of those days have already passed. But it soon becomes clear that the greatest threat to Kat might not come from the forces of darkness, but from the man she is beginning to love.	2009-10-01	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780575076334	Demonstorm	James Barclay		THIS IS THE END . . . The dragons have gone home, the elves are safe. The Raven have kept their promises. But fate has not finished with them. As the war between the colleges rages on an old enemy senses that his chance to revenge a bitter defeat has come. Tessaya, Lord of the Paleon Tribes has waited patiently for his moment and now, with Balaia in flames, he makes his move and unleashes the Wesmen hordes. In Xetesk, his forces scattered, Dystran, Lord of the Mount faces certain defeat by the Wesmen unless he unleashes the horrfying power of dimensional magics. And Dystran has not come this far to be beaten at the last by a rabble of ignorant tribesmen. And so the veil between dimensions is torn . . . And beyond, a predatory evil stirs. Demons catch the scent of countless souls in Balaia. Can even the Raven prevail when the world is coming to an end? A fantasy milestone is reached. James Barclay brings his sensational saga of The Raven to a heartstopping conclusion.	2005-08-11	Gollancz		English				FIC009000
9781841492780	Evil for Evil	K. J. Parker		The engineer Ziani Vaatzes designed and built a war. Thousands died as a consequence of his elaborate plan. The civil servant Manuo Psellus took the decision that started the war. The very foundations of his world are now threatened. The ruler Duke Valens brought the war on himself. Now he must decide whether to sacrifice his country to save his people. They embarked on war for their own reasons, but as their war takes on a life of its own they find they've become components in their own machine. And the machine, it seems, has one purpose: to render evil for evil.	2007-09-25	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780747258346	False memory	Dean Koontz		Martie is ordinary woman with an ordinary life until one morning she develops a terrifying phobia: autophobia, fear of oneself. As Martie's condition worsens, her husband Dusty is determined to learn what triggered her illness and so encounters Dr Mark Ahriman, a leading psychiatrist, who runs a local support group for sufferers. Dusty's suspicion is aroused when he discovers that two of Mark's patients have recently committed suicide. It becomes apparent to Dusty that Mark, although a doctor, is not a healer. As Dusty comes ever closer to the truth, he too is struck by a debilitating psychological disorder even mor unusual and frightening than that afflicting Martie...	2000-08-03	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780747247401	Icebound	Dean R. Koontz		A compelling thriller of wintery chills, set in the Artic icefields. A widespread drought is causing murderous famine. There is one possible solution: Arctic ice could be moved south to parched coastlines and melted for water. In an Arctic icefield, a special team of scientists has planted bombs that will detonate automatically at midnight to breakaway some of the ice.Before they withdraw to the safety of their base camp, a shattering tidal wave breaks loose the ice on which they are working. Now they are marooned on an iceberg during the worst winter storm of the decade. The bombs in the ice beneath them are buried irretrievably deep...and ticking. Abruptly thrown into a desperate struggle for survival, the scientists are plagued by the discovery that one of them is a ruthless killer on a strange mission of his own...	1995-08-17	Headline Feature		English				ZZZ000000
9780349107288	Resistance	Anita Shreve		As the wife of a Resistance member in German-occupied Belgium, Claire Dussois has grown used to hiding strange men in her attic. But the B-17 bomber that crash-lands outside the village of Delahaut contains the man who will be both the last and the most significant of her temporary residents. Ted Brice is found semiconscious by ten-year-old Jean Benoit, who realises that Claire is the American pilot's only hope of survival. The month that follows is one that will stay with them both for the rest of their lives. A few weeks only, a handful of days, it is a period in which the war recedes in the face of more powerful forces - before imposing itself once more with shocking suddenness.	1996	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9781842551868	Revolver	Marcus Sedgwick		1910. A cabin north of the Arctic Circle. Fifteen-year-old Sig Andersson is alone. Alone, except for the corpse of his father, who died earlier that day after falling through a weak spot on the ice-covered lake. His sister, Anna, and step-mother, Nadya, have gone to the local town for help.Then comes a knock at the door. It's a man, the flash of a revolver's butt at his hip, and a mean glare in his eyes. Sig has never seen him before but Wolff claims to have unfinished business with his father. As Sig gradually learns the awful truth about Wolff's connection to his father, Sig finds his thoughts drawn to a certain box hidden on a shelf in the storeroom, in which lies his father's prized possession - a revolver. When Anna returns alone, and Wolff begins to close in, Sigs choice is pulled into sharp focus. Should he use the gun, or not?	2009-07-16	Orion Publishing Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780340837672	The black angel	John Connolly		The Black Angel is not an object. The Black Angel is not a myth. The Black Angel lives. A young woman goes missing from the streets of New York. Those who have taken her believe that nobody cares about her, and that no one will come looking for her. They are wrong. She is 'blood' to the killer Louis, the man who stands at the right hand of private detective Charlie Parker, and Louis will tear apart anyone who stands in the way of his attempts to find her. But as Louis's violent search progresses, Parker comes to realize that the disappearance is part of an older mystery, one that is linked to an ornate church of bones in Eastern Europe, to the slaughter at a French monastery in 1944, and to the quest for a mythical prize that has been sought for centuries by evil men: the Black Angel. Yet the Black Angel is more than a myth. It is conscious. It dreams. It is alive. And men are not the only creatures that seek it . . .	2006	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780747236467	The key to midnight	Dean R. Koontz		Who is Joanna Rand? Alex Hunter hasn't come to Japan to fall in love. But Joanna Rand is the most beautiful, exciting woman he has ever met. But Joanna is not who she thinks she is. Ten years before, and halfway across the world, a brutally bizarre experiment recreated her mind. A violation so hideous that her dreams are filled with terror and her memories are a lie. If they are ever to be free, Alex and Joanna have to reopen the dangerous door into the nightmare past. Somehow they have to find the key to midnightacirc;euro;brvbar;	1992-08-20	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780755332946	The Return	Victoria Hislop		The captivating new novel from the author of the smash hit THE ISLAND Sonia is in Granada to celebrate a friend's birthday with a dance class. She knows nothing of the city's shocking past, but ordering a simple cup of coffee in a quiet cafe will lead her into the extraordinary tale of a family's fight to survive the horror of Spain' s civil war. Seventy years earlier, and Granada , under a new liberal government is a place of freedom and optimism. In the Ramirez family's cafe, Concha and Pablo's children relish the atmosphere of hope. Antonio is a serious young teacher, Ignacio a flamboyant matador, and Emilio a skilled musician. Their sister, Mercedes, is a spirited girl whose sole passion is dancing. Her talent for flamenco develops and when she meets Javier Montero a renowned young guitarist, an obsessional love affair begins. But Spain is a country in turmoil, and in 1936 a revolution begins that will tear their family apart. For Antonio, the pull of the battle is irresistible. For Mercedes, caught on the wrong side of the line, separation from Javier is unbearable. And everyone must take a side, and choose whether to submit to fight or to attempt escape...	2008-05-01	Headline Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780575074606	The simulacra	Philip K. Dick		A few years from now the President of the USA will be an android and his entire government a fraud. Everyone in the country is maladjusted. Doesn't seem possible, does it? Welcome to the world of Dr. Superb, the sole remaining psychotherapist.Philip K. Dick tells a story of desperate love, lethal body odour and an attempted fascistic takeover of the USA and shows that there is always another layer of conspiracy beneath the one we see.	2004	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780752897493	The Turnaround	George P. Pelecanos		On a hot summer afternoon in Washington DC 1972, three white teenagers, stoned and fearless, drive a stolen car into Heathrow Heights - a rough, black neighbourhood near where they live. Taunting local black kids through the car window, they speed off to what they think is safety. Tragically, they find themselves trapped in a dead-end street whilst an angry mob gathers. In the ensuing chaos, two of the white boys manage to escape, but Billy - the third friend - is shot dead.The youths from both neighbourhoods eventually go their separate ways, but this event will remain the defining moment in many of their lives. Thirty-five years later, one of these men reaches out to another, opening a door that could lead to salvation. However, another survivor of that day is now out of prison, and is looking for reparation in any form he can find it...The Turnaround takes us on a journey from the rock-and-soul streets of the 1970s to the changing neighbourhoods of DC today. It is a novel of fathers and sons, wives and husbands, loss, victory and ultimately violent redemption.	2008-08-07	Orion		English				FIC022000
9781409103660	Tyrant: Storm Of Arrows	Christian Cameron		Kineas, the Athenian cavalry commander, has come a long way since being dismissed from the army of Alexander and vengefully exiled by his own city. Together, his mercenary force and their Scythian allies have defeated a mighty Macedonian army at the Ford of the River God, and his adopted city of Olbia is now free once more. But his destiny will not allow him to enjoy the fruits of victory for long. Far to the east, at the farthest edge of the Sea of Grass, Alexander is threatening to crush the Scythian hordes once and for all. The Lady Srayanka of the Cruel Hands, the Scythian warrior-princess who spurned a king's love to be at Kineas's side, is pledged to take her tribe east to help stop 'the monster' - and Kineas knows he has no choice but to follow, even if it means embracing the violent death in battle that he has seen prefigured in countless dreams. But long before he can confront the might of Alexander's army alongside his beloved Srayanka, he must undertake an epic journey of breathtaking daring...	2009-10-15	Orion Books Limited		English				FIC014000
9781420103380	Wicked Game	Lisa Jackson&Nancy Bush		Twenty years after the disappearance of Jessie Brentwood, Detective "Mac" McNally reopens the case when bones are unearthed at Jessie's old school, and soon after Jessie's friends begin to die under suspicious circumstances.	2009-01-27	Zebra Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781840915358	Cars,Freedom, Style, Sex, Power, Motion, Colour, Everything	Stephen Bayley		Sources are eclectic, results mixed, but one thing is certain: car design is being forced up an ever tightening spiral of creativity. These machines are memorials of our tastes, yearnings and capabilities. They have layers of meaning and can, as Henry Ford knew, be read like a book... if only you know how. The story of the car is the story of how the objects of industry became a medium of artistic expression. This book tells that story in a series of case studies which reveal national characteristics: American flair, German technical suprematism, French vernacular chic, gorgeous Italian sculpture, English antiquarianism, Japanese ingenuity, Swedish responsibility. Cars featured appear in chronological date order from the 1908 Ford Model T to 2003 BMW 5 Series. The chosen cars will be specially photographed in a uniform style and reproduced in very textured, 4 colour b/w so as to distance this book from the cliches and conventions of specialist automotive publishing and to highlight form and shape. Each picture will be accompanied by a short critical essay including essential historical material together with colourful anecdotage and quotations as well as a persuasive aesthetic appraisal of each vehicle. This lavish and beautifully designed book is the gift book for all car enthusiasts and design aficionados.	2009-05-06	Conran Octopus		English				TRA001000
9780755355310	Circus of the Damned	Laurell K. Hamilton		A thrilling Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter , novel 'Most women complain that there are no single straight men left. I'd just like to meet one that's human.' I'm Anita Blake, expert on creatures of the night. I've dined with shapeshifters, danced with werewolves, and been wooed ' but not won ' by Jean-Claude, the Vampire Master of the City. And now a darkly dangerous vampire named Alejandro has hit town. He wants me for his human servant. A war of the undead has begun. Over me...	2009-07-09	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780749939250	The Darkest Kiss	Keri Arthur		Dark secrets. Dangerous seduction. It all begins with a kiss? With a werewolf?s uncanny instinct for danger - and vampire blood coursing her through her veins - Riley Jenson is an officer for the Directorate of Other Races, an organisation created to police supernatural beings. Now she?s hunting for a killer who is targeting the rich and the powerful of Melbourne?s society? But for Riley the case takes a chilling turn when a second killer - a crazed young vamp - starts leaving a trail of mutilated bodies of his own. Riley knows she?s got the skill and cunning to catch two serial killers at once, until one of them strikes inside her own tight-knit clan - and a sexy beast of a vampire re-enters her life to aid in the hunt. His name is Quinn. He?s lived forever, shed blood and shared pleasure - and he?s the only man over whom Riley has absolutely no control?	2008-05-08	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749909116	Death Angel	Linda Howard		A striking beauty with a taste for diamonds and dangerous men, Drea Rousseau was once content to be arm candy for Rafael Salinas, a notorious crime lord. Then, when he loans her to a cold-blooded assassin as payment, Drea makes a fateful decision and a desperate move to escape, stealing a mountain of cash from the malicious killer. Though Drea runs, Salinas knows she can't hide ? and dispatches the same assassin in hot pursuit. Left for dead, Drea miraculously returns to the realm of the living a changed woman. Both humbled and thrilled with this unexpected second chance, she embraces her new life. But in order to feel safe and sound, and stop nervously looking over her shoulder, she will need to take down the man who marked her for death, even if it means joining forces with the most dangerous ? but most enticing ? man she's ever known...	2009-05-07	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780600620457	Decisions on the Rules of Golf 2010 - 2011	R & A		Whilst many claim to know the Rules of golf, the fact is that every year golf's governing bodies receive thousands of inquiries about how to apply these Rules to the actual game. Decisions on the Rules of Golf 2010 clarifies any ambiguity that might arise from the Rules and allows you to correctly interpret the complete Rules of golf, including all new and revised decisions made by the R&A's Rules Committee and the USGA that come into effect in 2010, valid until the end of 2011. The level of detail is staggering, covering everything from using bottled water to guage a slope to what to do when your ball lands on a crawfish mound. Whether in competition or everyday play, this book provides you with the necessary guidance to impartially apply the Rules in any situation encountered on the golf course.	2009-11	Mitchell Beazley		English				ZZZ000000
9780755337293	Final Breath	John Francome		A gripping new racing thriller from bestselling author John Francome It's been over a year since Danny Clark's girlfriend Kirsty died in a horrific diving accident in the Caribbean . Danny was plunged into a time of bitter mourning but now he's back on his feet, with a lot of help from Kirsty's best friend, Tara. In fact, Danny has fallen for Tara in a major way. Danny's godfather Adrian Spring , who runs a racing stable, isn't at all happy about this. He can't help wondering how much Tara knows about the secrets that died with Kirsty. Secrets he'd prefer stayed secret for ever. Tara herself is uneasy: unconvinced that Kirsty's death was an accident, she fears that she might fall victim to a fatal 'accident' herself. And she's never been the paranoid type...	2008-09-10	Headline Book Publishing		English				FIC030000
9781841493114	First meetings,in the Enderverse	Orson Scott Card		In July 1977, "Ender' s Game" appeared as a novelette in "Analog" magazine. The science fiction community immediately embraced it, nominating it for a Hugo award. Twenty-five years later, "First Meetings "celebrates" Ender' s Game" by re-releasing that original short story along with three others.	2003-12-04	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9780340923740	Me and Mr Darcy	Alexandra Potter		He's every woman's fantasyacirc;euro;brvbar; After a string of nightmare relationships, Emily Albright has decided she's had it with modern-day men. She'd rather pour herself a glass of wine, curl up with Pride and Prejudice and step into a time where men were dashing, devoted and honourable, strode across fields in breeches, their damp shirts clinging to their chests, and weren't into internet porn. So when her best friend invites her to Mexico for a week of margaritas and men, Emily decides to book a guided tour of Jane Austen country instead. She quickly realises she won't find her dream man here. The coach tour is full of pensioners, apart from one Mr Spike Hargreaves, a foul-tempered journalist sent to write a piece on why Mr Darcy's been voted the man most women would love to dateacirc;euro;brvbar; Until she walks into a room and finds herself face-to-face with Darcy himself. And every woman's fantasy suddenly becomes one woman's realityacirc;euro;brvbar;	2007-06-14	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780747242239	Mr. Murder	Dean Koontz		For author Martin Stillwater, life couldn't be more perfect. He and Paige are happy together, and their two daughters, Emily and Charlotte, are intelligent and healthy and his novels are achieving long-hoped-for levels of success. So why does he feel such dread, experience sudden blackouts? The killer doesn't know his own name, only the name he uses. He has no family, no friends, no home. He cannot recall who gives him his assignments, and he doesn't know why his targets must die. Now, however, he senses that in a town he can't yet envision, a life awaits him, a place to call home, with family and friends. Charlotte knows something is wrong: the man moves and sounds like Daddy, but he doesn't smile as quickly or as often as usual. And when he does smile, he seems to be pretending. Daddy isn't Daddy.	1994	Headline		English				FIC015000
9781841496887	Small Favour	Jim Butcher		Harry Dresden is feeling happy. No one's tried to kill him in nearly a year, and the worst problem he's had lately is trying to remove the stains his apprentice bungled into his carpeting. The future looks fairly bright. Unfortunately, the past isn't nearly so optimistic.An old bargain placed Harry in debt to Mab, faerie monarch of the Winter Court and the Queen of Air and Darkness. Harry still owes the Winter Queen two favours, and it's time to pay one of them off. It's a small favour that he really can't refuse, but it will trap Harry between a nightmarish foe and an equally deadly ally, stretching his skills and loyalties to their very limits.It figures. Everything was going too well to last.	2009-02-05	Little, Brown Book Group		English				FIC009000
9781444000986	Roman Mysteries Omnibus	Caroline Lawrence		THE THIEVES OF OSTIA: The theft of her father's signet ring leads Flavia Gemina to three extraordinary people - Jonathan the Jewish boy, Nubia the African slave-girl, and Lupus, the mute beggar boy - who become her friends, and partners in solving the first of many mysteries. Will they discover who is killing the dogs of Ostia, and why?THE SECRETS OF VESUVIUS: Flavia is spending the summer with her uncle who lives near Pompeii. She and her friends are absorbed in trying to solve a riddle that may lead to a great treasure. Then Mount Vesuvius erupts - and the four children find themselves in desperate danger.THE PIRATES OF POMPEII: Following the volcano's eruption, hundreds of refugees from the cities of Vesuvius try to come to terms with disaster. When children begin to go missing from the camp, Flavia Gemina and her friends investigate a powerful and charismatic man known as the Patron - and come face to face with pirates, slave-dealers . . . and death.	2010-04-01	Orion Children's Books		English				JUV016020
9780747242895	Winter moon	Dean Koontz		Eduardo, a retiree whose wife and son have died, lives on his isolated Montana ranch. His life is peaceful ndash; if lonely ndash; until he is awakened one night by a fearful throbbing sound and eerie lights in the lower woods. During the next several months, one mysterious and disturbing event follows another. Increasingly, he fears for his sanity and his life, until the terrible night when someone ndash; or something ndash; knocks on his back door... Jack McGarvey, a Los Angeles cop, is hammered by submachine-gun fire when a madman goes berserk one lovely spring morning. He barely survives. His partner is not so lucky. Months later, still on disability, with no idea of when he might work again, with Los Angeles growing more violent by the day, he longs to move his family to a more peaceful place. Though he would do anything to protect his wife Heather and son Toby, Jack seems powerless and without prospects. Then, in their hour of desperation, the McGarveys find salvation when they receive an unexpected inheritance. It includes a sprawling ranch in one of the most beautiful, peaceful places in the country. Montana. Excited by their good fortune, the McGarveys set out from Los Angeles to begin their new life ndash; unaware that the terror-riddled and unstable city will eventually seems like a safe haven compared to what lies ahead.	1994-12-08	Headline Feature		English				ZZZ000000
9780349115955	1967,Israel, the War and the Year that Transformed the Middle East	Tom Segev		1967 did not mark the beginning ofthe Israeli-Palestinian conflict, but it was a year thatchanged the course of history. When Egypt's PresidentNasser closed the straits of Tiran to Israeli navigation,it triggered a conflict between Israel and the armies ofJordan, Syria and Egypt. Within six days the Israelis hadoccupied territories three times wider than their own,populated by over a million Palestinian Arabs.Israel suddenly became something of a colonial empire,more Goliath than David. The war granted politicallegitimacy to Menachem Begin's right-wing Herut party,and Arab terrorism paved the way for Israel's secretservice to become a major factor in the country's powerstructure.1967 will not be a military history, nor will it focusmainly on political developments. The year 1967dramatically altered the lives of millions of individualsand this book will focus on the personal stories fromboth sides of the conflict.	2008-05-01	Little, Brown Book Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780297854357	A Choice of Enemies,America Confronts the Middle East	Lawrence Freedman		The United States is locked into three prolonged conflicts without much hope of early resolution. Iran is pursuing a nuclear programme; the aftermath of the overthrow of Saddam Hussein has seen unrelenting intercommunal violence; and the Taliban have got back into Afghanistan. George W. Bush will almost certainly leave office without solving any of these big foreign policy issues that have defined his presidency.Lawrence Freedman, one of our most distinguished historians of 20th century military and political strategy, teases out the roots of each engagement over the last thirty years and demonstrates with clarity and scholarship the influence of these conflicts upon each other.How is it that the US manages to find itself fighting on three different fronts? Freedman supplies a context to recent events and warns against easy assumptions: neo-conservatives, supporters of Israel and the hawks are not the sole reasons for the failure to develop a viable foreign policy in the Middle East. The story is infinitely more complex and is often marked by great drama. First, the countries in dispute with America are not themselves natural allies; and second, their enmity was not, at first, America's choice. Until the Shah went into exile in 1979 Iran had been a pillar of US security policy... Third, the region's problems cannot all be traced to the Arab-Israeli dispute. Unique in its focus, this book will offer not only new revelations but also remind us of what has been forgotten or has never been put in context.	2008	W&n		English				ZZZ000000
9781857988123	Blade runner	Philip K. Dick		W orld War Terminus had left the Earth devastated. Through its ruins, bounty hunter Rick Deckard stalked, in search of the renegade replicants who were his prey. When he wasn't 'retiring' them with his laser weapon, he dreamed of owning a live animal -- the ultimate status symbol in a world all but bereft of animal life. Then Rick got his chance: the assignment to kill six Nexus-6 targets, for a huge reward. But in Deckard's world things were never that simple, and his assignment quickly turned into a nightmare kaleidoscope of subterfuge and deceit -- and the threat of death for the hunter rather than the hunted...	1999-02-11	Millennium		English				ZZZ000000
9780755341689	Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister	Gregory Maguire		We have all heard the story of Cinderella, the beautiful child cast out to slave amongst the ashes. But what of her stepsisters, the homely pair exiled into ignominy by the fame of their lovely sibling? What fate befell those untouched by beauty ... and what curses accompanied Cinderella's looks? Set against the backdrop of seventeenth-century Holland, CONFESSIONS OF AN UGLY STEPSISTER tells the story of Iris, an unlikely heroine who finds herself swept from the lowly streets of Haarlem to a strange world of wealth, artifice, and ambition. Iris's path quickly becomes intertwined with that of Clara, the mysterious and unnaturally beautiful girl destined to become her sister. While Clara retreats to the cinders of the family hearth, Iris seeks out the shadowy secrets of her new household - and the treacherous truth of her former life. Far more than a mere fairy tale, CONFESSIONS OF AN UGLY STEPSISTER is a novel of beauty and betrayal, illusion and understanding, reminding us that deception can be unearthed - and love unveiled - in the most unexpected of places.	2008-04-03	Review		English				FIC014000
9780349105871	Eden Close	Anita Shreve		When Andrew returns to his hometown in upstate New York for his mother's funeral, he does not intend to stay. But the dreams and memories of seventeen years ago persist, and in the darkened farmhouse he relives that hot, bloody night when Eden Close was blinded - by the same gun that killed her father. Eden and Andrew had been childhood companions - smoking, fishing, skating and fighting - until the day the tomboy turned temptress. Now Andrew is drawn again to this lost, blind girl of his youth, drawn to save her from the cruel neglect she has endured for seventeen sightless years without him. But first he must discover the grisly truth about that night...	1994-12-01	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780755304349	Glamour	Louise Bagshawe		The Top 5 bestselling mistress of glitz and glamour is back. Three powerful women. Once best friends. Now deadly rivals... Texan honey Sally Lassiter, English rose Jane Morgan and Jordanian Helen Yanna meet at an exclusive girls' school and become best friends. They form a bond which will never be broken ... Years later, the three girls are grown-up, co-founders and millionaire co-owners of the exclusive GLAMOUR chain of stores. They are fabulously wealthy, instantly recognisable, adored and revered. Or are they? The GLAMOUR empire is on the verge of collapse and the three women are embroiled in a bitter feud. A gloriously glossy blend of glitzy women, handsome men, and the power of friendship, Louise Bagshawe's latest novel is irresistible. Because every woman needs GLAMOUR in her life....	2007	Headline Review		English				FIC044000
9780752878089	Gone	Lisa Gardner		For ex-FBI profiler Pierce Quincy, it's the beginning of his worst nightmare: a car abandoned on a desolate stretch of Oregon highway, engine running, purse on the driver's seat. And his estranged wife, Rainie Conner, gone, leaving no clue to her fate.Did one of the ghosts from her troubled past finally catch up with Rainie? Or could her disappearance be the result of one of the cases they'd been working - a particularly vicious double homicide or the possible abuse of a deeply disturbed child Rainie took too close to heart? Together with his daughter, FBI agent Kimberly Quincy, Pierce is battling the local authorities, racing against time and frantically searching for answers to all the questions he's been afraid to ask.One man knows what happened that night. Adopting the moniker from an eighty-year old murder, he has already contacted the press. His terms are clear: he wants money, he wants power, he wants celebrity. And if he doesn't get what he wants, Rainie will be gone for good.As the clock winds down on a terrifying deadline, Pierce plunges headlong into the most desperate hunt of his life, into the shattering search for a killer, a lethal truth, and for the love of his life who may forever be gone.	2006-10-04	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780747238157	Hideaway	Dean R. Koontz		He was clinically dead after the accident - but was miraculously revived. Now Hatch Harrison and his wife approach each day with a new appreciation for life. But something has come back with Hatch from the other side. A terrible presence that links his mind to a psychotic's, so that a force of murderous rage courses through him.	1992-12-17	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780575080348	Human is?	Philip K. Dick		Drawn from the five volumes of his complete short stories (also published by Gollancz) this volume represents the very cream of Philip K. Dick's output. It serves both as a celebration of his work, in the 25th year since his death, and as the ideal introduction to his unique take on the world for new readers. As our culture becomes ever more fluid, as fact is fictionalised, as documentary gives way to reality-TV, as our identities are digitised, as globalism runs wild, as drugs become ever more ubiquitous the world is finally catching up with even the most bizarre of Philip K. Dick's imaginings. 25 years after his death we are living in Philip K. Dick's world, this new authoratitive collection of his best short fiction shows us why.	2007-03-08	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780752875828	Love the One You're With	Emily Giffin		The New York Times bestselling author of SOMETHING BORROWED, SOMETHING BLUE, and BABY PROOF delivers another captivating, straight-from-the heart novel. This is a story for everyone who has ever wondered: How can I truly love the one I'm with, when I can't forget the one who got away?Ellen and Andy's first year of marriage doesn't just seem perfect, it is perfect. There is no question how deep their devotion is, and how naturally they bring out the best in each other. But one fateful afternoon, Ellen runs into Leo for the first time in eight years. Leo, the one who brought out the worst in her. Leo, the one who left her heartbroken with no explanation. Leo, the one she could never quite forget. When his reappearance ignites long-dormant emotions, Ellen begins to question whether the life she's living is the one she's meant to live. LOVE THE ONE YOU'RE WITH is a powerful story about one woman at the crossroads of true love and real life.	2008-07-10	Orion Books (including Asterix		English				FIC027000
9780755355952	Small Island	Andrea Levy		In this delicately wrought and profoundly moving, multi-award winning novel, Andrea Levy handles the weighty themes of empire, prejudice, war and love, with a lightness of touch and a generosity of spirit that challenges and uplifts the reader. It is 1948, and England is recovering from a war. But at 21 Nevern Street . London , the conflict has only just begun. Queenie Bligh's neighbours do not approve when she agrees to take in Jamaican lodgers, but with her husband, Bernard, not back from the war, what else can she do? Gilbert Joseph was one of the several thousand Jamaican men who joined the RAF to fight against Hitler. Returning to England as a civilian he finds himself treated very differently. Gilbert's wife Hortense, too, had longed to leave Jamaica and start a better life in England . But when she joins him she is shocked to find London shabby, decrepit, and far from the city of her dreams. Even Gilbert is not the man she thought he was.	2009-09-03	HEADLINE REVIEW		English				FIC014000
9780747248392	Strange highways	Dean Koontz		One rain-swept Sunday night when he was twenty years old, on his way back to college after a weekend with his family, Joey Shannon took the wrong highway - and from that moment, nothing ever went right for him again. Now, exactly twenty years later, on another rain-swept night, Joey finds himself at the same crossroads, looking down the road never taken. Which is odd. Because that road no longer exists. A superhighway replaced it nearly twenty years ago, and the old state route - which had crossed a web of perpetually burning, abandoned coal mines - was condemned as too dangerous and was torn up. But now the highway is exactly as it was on that long-ago night, and when Joey turns on to it, he begins an eerie, terrifying journey toward a truth so dark and stunning that it will change everything he believes about himself, his past, and the nature of life.	1996-04-11	Headline		English				FIC015000
9780297859215	The Believers	Lebor&Adam		It was luxurious Palm Beach, by the manicured lawns and Olympic-sized swimming pool, that financier Bernard Madoff ravaged the world of philanthropy and high society he had strived so hard to join, vaporising the assets of charities, foundations and individuals that had trusted him with their funds. It seems nothing was sacrosanct to Madoff, possibly the greatest con-man in history. Even Elie Wiesel's foundation has lost tens of millions. How could Madoff, a pillar of the Jewish community, do this to a Nobel Laureate and Auschwitz survivor? But Wiesel was hardly alone in trusting the rogue financier. How could some of the most sophisticated and worldly people in America fall victim to a collective delusion for year after year? 'The Believers' answers these unsettling questions. It opens up the clubbish world where Madoff operated, tracing the links from Palm Beach and The Hamptons to the salons and clubs of Manhattan society. It details the network of relationships across which flows hundreds of millions of dollars. 'The Believers' shows how despite material success and acclaim, some human impulses remain eternal. It reveals how an underlying sense of insecurity still shapes some of the richest and most successful individuals in America, making them crave ever more status and peer acclaim. By focusing on Madoff's connection to, and catastrophic impact on, the American Jewish community, 'The Believers' dramatically humanises a story that is part financial scandal and part Greek tragedy.	2009-11-01	Hachette Group		English				BUS041000
9780340771228	The killing kind	John Connolly		Did Grace Peltier commit suicide? When a mass grave in northern Maine reveals the final resting place of a religious community that disappeared almost forty years earlier, private detective Charlie Parker, hired to investigate the circumstances of her death, realises that their deaths and the violent passing of Grace Peltier are part of the same mystery, one that has its roots in her family history and in the origins of the shadowy organisation known as the Fellowship. Aided by the genial killers Angel and Louis, Parker must descend into the depths of a honeycomb world populated by dark angels and lost souls, a world where the ghosts of the dead wait for justice and the unwary are prey for the worst kind of creatures. The killing kind. . .	2002-01-03	Coronet		English				ZZZ000000
9781846012921	Ask: The 1000 Most Asked Questions About the Home	Julian Cassell&Peter Parham		This compact book promises to answer the 1000 most-asked questions that can frustrate all DIYers. Julian and Peter cover all our questions, from the basic to the particular. There are questions about choosing the right product for the right job, wonder remedies that can be bought over the counter, simple solutions to lighting and storage problems, dealing with household maintenance emergencies, eco-friendly alternatives, tips for dealing with gloopy paint, lifting wallpaper, and moldy dishwasher seals. From quick-fix tips and the latest technology Julian and Peter offer answers to all the questions that baffle us well-intended home-improvement enthusiasts.	2009-02	Spruce		English				ZZZ000000
9780349120478	Body Surfing	Anita Shreve		At the age of twenty-nine, Sydney has already been once divorced and once widowed. Trying to find her footing again, she has answered an advertisement to tutor the teenage daughter of a well-to-do couple as they spend a sultry summer in their oceanfront New Hampshire cottage. But when the Edwards' two grown sons, Ben and Jeff, arrive at the beach house, Sydney finds herself caught up in a destructive web of old tensions and bitter divisions. As the brothers vie for her affections, the fragile existence Sydney has rebuilt is threatened. With the subtle wit, lyrical language, and brilliant insight into real emotion that has led her to be called 'a supremely elegant anatomist of the human heart' (The Times), Shreve weaves a story about risk, family, and the supreme courage that it takes to love.	2007	Abacus		English				FIC027000
9780747244493	Dark rivers of the heart	Dean Koontz		Spencer Grant is physically and emotionally scarred. An outsider, he often sits for hours in bars just to avoid being alone - and to tell his story to someone who won't remember it the next morning. But last night he met Valerie and something about her melted his isolation. Then she doesn't turn up for work and he finds her home abandoned, with a strange message fixed to the wall. Before he has time to wonder who or what Valerie is, the house is hit by an explosion. Spencer escapes, only to find himself on the run - not only from his past but also from the conspiracy he has unwittingly stumbled on.	1995	Headline		English				FIC031000
9780600619925	Juice Collection	Hamlyn		This funky carton contains a huge collection of over 200 quick and tasty juices and smoothies, all of which provide essential nutrients needed to help maintain your health and vitality. From energy-boosting juices such as Celery, Tomato and Red Peppers, to the more exotic, vitamin-packed Mango, Orange, Cranberry and Honey, there's something here for everyone. Bursting with delicious recipes and arranged into three recipe-specific books so that you can select the right Fruity, Veggie or Smoothie recipes whenever you want them, the Juice Collection is a cute but crucial addition to any kitchen.	2009-05-04	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9781603200301	Life: The Classic Collection	Editors of Life Magazine		From the popular "LIFE" Picture Puzzle series comes a new volume categorized according to level of difficulty with a suggested completion time included for serious puzzlers.	2008-10-21	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9781841497068	Night Shift	Lilith Saintcrow		Jill Kismet is a dealer in dark things and demon slayer, and it's her job to patrol the nightside.In the cold pre-dawn, Jill is called in to assess the aftermath of a particularly savage cop-killing. Under the haunted eyes of the forensic techs, Jill picks up the stench of hellbreed and something else - something dangerous and tainted. But this makes no sense as hellbreed always work alone, distrusted even by their own kind.Jill's a Hunter, trained by the best, but she's in over her head.Welcome to the night shift hellip;	2008-07-03	ORBIT		English				FIC015000
9780753819593	The same river twice	Alice Walker		In the early 1980s, The Color Purple was a runaway success, it had won the Pulitzer Prize and Steven Spielberg was making the book into a film.Yet behind all the critical success, Alice Walker suffered an extreme backlash as she became the object of attacks both personal and political.Her detractors claimed that she hated black men, that her work was injurious to black male and female relationships; and that her ideas about equality were harmful to the black community. Such was the ferocity of these attacks that she left her own community north of San Francisco and sought refuge in Mexico.On a personal level, her mother had suffered a major stroke and now Alice Walker herself fell gravely ill with the extremely debilitating condition, Lyme disease. To add to the trauma, her partner of many years announced he'd been having an affair.In her heartfelt and extremely personal account of this time, Alice Walker describes the experience of watching the film being made as she weathered the controversy surrounding it and came to terms with the changes in her own life.	2005	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780747236382	The servants of twilight	Dean R. Koontz		A gripping thriller of the master of the genre. To his mother, Joey seems an ordinary six-year-old boy ndash; special to her, but to no one else. To the Servants of Twilight, however, he is an evil presence who must be destroyed ndash; an Anti-Christ who must die. The terrifying ordeal for Joey and his mother begins in the supermarket car park where an old woman accosts them and pursues them with her terrible threats. Christine's world is turned into a nightmare of terror. Only her love for her child, and the support of the one man who believes her, gives her the chance to survive the Servants of Twilight... This book was originally published under the pseudonym Leigh Nichols.	1991-05-16	Headline		English				FIC015000
9780340953914	The Young Lions	Irwin Shaw		The Jew from Brooklyn wanted nothing more than to go home to his wife. The Hollywood director regretted the patriotic gesture that would lead him into the hell of war. The German officer decided to harden his heart till the killing was over. All are drawn inevitably to each other as the fighting reaches its climax. All three must face what it really means to give one's life for one's country, and to take lives in return. Only one will survive.	2008-06-26	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				FIC000000
9781842555934	Trimalchio's Feast and Other Mini-mysteries	Caroline Lawrence		Full of the sights and sounds of ancient Rome, each of the stories in this thrilling collection brings to life events from the lives of Flavia, Jonathan, Nubia, and Lupus that were alluded to in previous volumes of the Roman Mysteries series. Set during the dangerous, exciting reign of Emperor Titus, these stories are accompanied by notes that provide background on their inspiration and relevance to rest of the series.	2007-06-21	Orion Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781841813264	Working with Meditation,Practical Ways to Heal and Transform Your Life	Madonna Gauding		Meditation is ideal for relieving the stress caused by modern living, improving concentration, and reaching a higher level of consciousness. This guide teaches you everything you need to know to improve your life through meditation. Starting out with a history of meditation and the benefits of its practice, beginners will explore some simple postures and breathing techniques before moving on to the particular features of specific schools of meditation like Yoga, Chi Kung, and Tai Chi. Also, methods of combining meditation with more practical approaches (such as bodywork) and how to incorporate meditation props like mandalas and labyrinths into daily practice provide new levels of insight and relaxation.	2008-03-04	Godsfield		English				ZZZ000000
9781444000122	A Grizzly Dozen	Jamie Rix		Twelve caustic cautionary tales about wicked and wilful children and the dastardly deeds they do. A GRIZZLY DOZEN comprises the entire contents of books 1 (NASTY LITTLE BEASTS) and 2 (GRUESOME GROWN-UPS) of the popular GRIZZLY TALES series.	2009-06-04	Orion Children's Books		English				JUV000000
9781847441546	The Brutal Art	Jesse Kellerman		Ethan Muller is struggling to establish his reputation as a dealer in the cut-throat world of contemporary art when he is alerted to a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity: in a decaying New York slum, an elderly tenant has disappeared, leaving behind a staggeringly large trove of original drawings and paintings. Nobody can tell Ethan much about the old man, except that he came and went in solitude for nearly forty years, his genius hidden and unacknowledged. Despite the fact that, strictly speaking, the artwork doesnrs"t belong to him, Ethan takes the challenge and makes a name for the old man - and himself. Soon Ethan has to congratulate himself on his own genius: for storytelling and salesmanship. But suddenly the police are interested in talking to him. It seems that the missing artist had a nasty past, and the drawings hanging in the Muller Gallery have begun to look a lot less like art and a lot more like evidence. Sucked into an investigation four decades cold, Ethan will uncover a secret legacy of shame and death, one that will touch horrifyingly close to home - and leave him fearing for his own life.	2008-06-05	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9780749942465	Buying and Selling a Business,An Entrepreneur's Guide	Jo Haigh		For many the dream of owning their own business remains just that. Even if you have a great idea, the work and money involved in building a business from the ground up can prove too daunting. What few aspiring entrepreneurs realise is that buying an already existing business can be far easier, sometimes possible with little or no money at all, and can be just as satisfying a route to self-sufficiency. In easy-to-follow language, Buying and Selling a Business takes you through the entire process, from identifying your target business and assembling the right team to help you, to valuation, agreeing terms and finding the necessary finance. Just as importantly, Haigh helps you ensure your deal is the right deal for you, offering advice on running the business you buy and implementing proper exit strategies from the start. With valuable appendices containing typical documentation, and how to read them, Jo Haigh's book is a one-stop resource to closing the deal and transforming your life.	2009-08-06	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780751538267	Deceit	James Siegel		Tom Valle, a smalltown Californianjournalist, is reporting on a car crash when he sensesthat something about the incident is not quite right -this is no ordinary accident. For starters, the autopsyreveals that the victim has been castrated. And althoughhis driving license pictures him as a 42-year-old whiteman, his charred bones are those of a black man.Valle's journalistic zeal kicks in, and he is unable toleave the case alone. Even as dark forces gather aroundhim,Valle must pursue the case until he discovers whatreally happened - whatever the personal costhellip;A perfectly paced, pitch-black thriller, DECEIT propelsSiegel into the premier league, alongside Coben andConnelly.	2007-09-06	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9780755318179	Disgraced,Forced to Marry a Stranger, Betrayed by My Own Family, Sold My Body to Survive, This Is My Story	Saira Ahmed&Andrew Crofts		Brought up in a stiflingly traditional Muslim household in England , where the rules are enforced by violent punishments, Saira is watched 24 hours a day. Cut off from modern life, chaperoned to and from school, she is forbidden to have western friends. When an innocent friendship with a boy flourishes, one of Saira's brothers finds out and she is put on the first plane to Lahore , punished for dishonouring the family. There the nightmare really begins - Saira is forced to marry a stranger who makes it clear that all he wants from her is sex and a visa. After a hair-raising escape back to England , she eventually returns to the family home, but as a virtual slave. Refusing to be beaten, she escapes once more, but with her parents in financial trouble and with one of her brothers running up huge drug debts, Saira is forced to earn money the only way she can: by selling her body. Wracked with shame and guilt at having fallen into prostitution, Saira hits rock bottom, marries again and has a daughter who is the light of her life. Her husband, however, reveals himself to be a brutally violent bully. After one beating too many, Saira flees with her baby daughter and sets about the harrowing ordeal of re-building their shattered lives. DISGRACED is the heart-breaking true tale of a girl who had the courage to break free. It is a story of escape, adventure and survival told by a woman who has finally discovered her true voice.	2008-08-21	Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780747241676	Dragon tears	Dean R. Koontz		Harry Lyon is a cop who embraces tradition and order. The biggest bane of his life is his partner, Connie Gulliver. Harry doesn't like the messiness of her desk, her lack of social polish or her sometimes casual attitude towards the law. 'Look, Harry, it's the Age of Chaos,' she tells him. 'Get with the times.' And when Harry and Connie have to take out a hopped-up gunman in a restaurant, the chase and shootout swiftly degenerate into a surreal nightmare that seems to justify Connie's view of the modern world. Shortly after, Harry encounters a filthy, rag-clad denizen of the streets, who says ominously, 'Ticktock, ticktock. You'll be dead in sixteen hours.' Struggling to regain the orderly life he cherishes, Harry is trapped in an undertow of terror and violence. For reasons he does not understand, someone is after him, Connie Gulliver and the people he loves.	1993-12-09	Headline		English				FIC015000
9780749938888	Dream Chaser	Sherrilyn Kenyon		Condemned by the gods to live out his existence without emotions, Xypher chose the pursuit of sensations, to feel again in the dreams of humans, only to find himself condemned to death. But he is given one last chance at a reprieve. Made human for a month, he must redeem himself within that time or Hades will return him to Tartarus and his torture.Simone Dubois is a coroner who isn't scared by much, especially since she's psychic and can see and hear the people she's working on. When they wheel in another victim, she doesn't think much about it, until he gets up from her table and starts to leave. Xypher doesn't have time to spend with this human woman and her questions. But it's not long before mysterious attempts on Simone's life force Xypher to stand between the woman who is beginning to touch the heart he thought had died a long time ago and the danger that is threatening her life.	2008-02-07	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9781860498831	Fingersmith	Sarah Waters		'It is 1862, and two seventeen-year-old girls, one brought up in a London slum, the other in a rambling country house called Briar, are about to meet for the first time. Sue has been sent to Briar to work as a lady's maid to Maud, the luckier by far of these two orphans, or so it seems for the first third of this extraordinary novel. But Sue is not really a servant, having grown up in a thieves' kitchen just south of the Thames: she is in fact the central figure in a cruel plot to defraud Maud of her inheritance . . . Startlingly assured and original' Joan Smith, Sunday Times	2003	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780747248408	Intensity	Dean Koontz		Edgler Vess is a sociopath intent on murder. He lives for one purpose only: to satisfy all appetites as they arise, seeking ever more outrageous experience. To live with intensity. When he attacks her friend, Laura, Chyna Shepherd's instincts protect her. Not knowing Laura is already dead, Chyna follows, hoping to save her friend, when Vess carries her body to his motor home ndash; a dungeon and morgue on wheels. The killer, unaware of her presence, drives away. Her sole aim is to get out alive, until she learns the identity of the killer's next intended victim, and knows she must act to save that precious life.	1996	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780755346790	Nightshade	Paul Doherty		Corbett wordt met zijn helpers begin 14e eeuw naar Essex gestuurd om daar inzicht te krijgen in de achtergrond van een massamoord op een groep vermeende ketters.	2009-08-01	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780747236818	Shadowfires	Dean Ray Koontz		A gripping and chilling thriller. Rachael Leben's violently possessive ex-husband, Eric, hideously mangled in a freak accident, is dead. And his body has disappeared from the city morgue. Now someone, or something, is watching Rachael. Calling her. Stalking her. And though no one will believe her, she knows who it is; that his walking corpse is a grotesque mockery of life, and his brilliant, warped mind, once again 'alive', is seething with jealous rage, seeking an unspeakable revenge. There's nowhere left to run...	1991-08-15	Headline		English				FIC015000
9780752893365	Tell It to the Skies	Erica James		The beautiful city of Venice has been Lydia's home for many years, a place where she has found peace and fulfillment. Then one day she glimpses a young man's face in the crowd that threatens to change everything. He's a heart-stopping reminder of a dreadful secret she believed she had banished to the past. As a young child, Lydia and her sister were sent to live with grandparents they'd never even met before. It was a cruel and loveless new world for them and it forced Lydia to grow up fast. She learned to keep secrets and to trust sparingly, and through it all she was shadowed by grief and guilt. Now, 28 years later, Lydia is persuaded to leave behind the safe new life she has created for herself and return to England to face the past--and maybe her future.	2010-07-01	Orion Publishing Group, Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780752848266	The next accident	Lisa Gardner		FBI Agent Pierce Quincy is haunted by his daughter's death in a drunk-driving accident. Pierce knew about his daughter's problem with alcohol, and about her loneliness. And so, he is sure, did the man who killed her. Rainie Conner is an ex-cop with a past overshadowed by violence. She was once involved with Pierce in a harrowing case that brought them together personally and professionally. Then, he came to her rescue. Now it is time for her to help him. This killer is different. He has an insatiable hunger for revenge - and for fear. He isn't satisfied with taking his victims' lives - he wants to get inside their minds and strip them of every defence. And his target is Quincy's surviving daughter. Rainie believes that the only way to stop him is to put herself directly into the killer's murderous path and herself become - the next accident.	2002-12-05	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780752814308	The perfect husband	Lisa Gardner		Jim Beckett was everything Tess had ever dreamed of ... But two years after Tess married Jim, she helped put him behind bars for savagely murdering ten women. Even locked up in a maximum security prison, he vowed he would come after her and make her pay. Now the killer has escaped, and Tess has got to learn to fight back. With the help of a burned out ex-marine, Tess learns how to protect herself as a gigantic manhunt, crossing four states, counts down to this terrifying reunion between husband and wife.	1998	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780749940065	Anxiety, Phobias and Panic,A Step-by-Step Programme for Regaining Control of Your Life	Reneau Peurifoy		Are you struggling with anxiety, phobias, or panic attacks? Anxiety is an unpleasant, though mostly unavoidable, aspect of modern life - but for many people, normal anxiety can become something far more serious and debilitating. In ANXIETY, PHOBIAS AND PANIC, Dr Reneau Peurifoy explains six different reasons why your condition may have developed and offers you step-by-step programmes to help you overcome your anxiety-related problems. Chapters include: uncovering the causes of anxiety; building stress tolerance; identifying and correcting harmful modes of thinking; relaxation techniques; tools for managing anxiety, and much more. There are also sections on new discoveries about the brain, new information about Obsessive Compulsive Disorder and social phobias, and a chapter on relapse prevention.	2010-03-01	Piatkus Books		English				PSY013000
9780755300662	Azur like it	Wendy Holden		Kate, a journalist in a small northern town, is fed up with covering black pudding championships for the Slackmucklethwaite Mercury and living with Mum, Dad and Gran in a semi called Wits End. When evil tycoon Peter Hardstone takes over the paper, slashes budgets and sacks staff, Kate's career hits an all-time low. Gloom turns to glamour once Hardstone's sexy son arrives to work on the Mercury. And when Kate's sent with him to cover the glittering Cannes Film Festival, she can't believe her luck. But it's not all fun and games in the playground of the rich. Behind the glitz and sunshine lies a dark mystery that becomes Kate's most challenging newspaper assignment yet.	2003	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780349116709	Dress your family in corduroy and denim	David Sedaris		Essays to feature: bull; bull;David Sedaris's brief and painful encounter with the most popular guy in junior high school. bull;'The Rooster' in a tux and other unsavoury animal tales from David's brother's wedding. bull;David Sedaris on the differences between love in movies and love in real life. bull;David Sedaris on his brutally frank neighbour, a 75-year-old woman named Rocky who is given to outbursts like, 'I'll kick you up the ass so hard I'll lose my shoe!'No one renders the pathos, chaos, and impossible variety of daily encounters like David Sedaris. On every subject, he is bruisingly painful and tenderly affectionate. Sedaris is a unique voice in American writing, and this new collection will be eagerly anticipated by his ever-growing crowd of devoted readers.	2005	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780349112763	Fortune's Rocks	Anita Shreve		'In the time it takes for her to walk from the bathhouse at the seawall of Fortune's Rocks, where she has left her boots and discreetly pulled off her stockings, to the waterline along which the sea continually licks the pink and silver sand, she learns about desire.'It is the summer of 1899, and Olympia Biddeford and her parents have retired from the heat of Boston to the coastal resort of Fortune's Rocks. When the celebrated essayist John Haskell is invited to stay, no one foresees the affair that is to follow. What begins as the briefest of silences becomes a relationship that is both passionate and destructive - six short weeks that will shape the rest of their lives.	2001-01-04	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780349106731	The golden warrior,the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia	Lawrence James		Controversial and provocative, this edition of Lawrence James' acclaimed biography penetrates and overturns the mythology which surrounds T. E. Lawrence, yet remains dispassionate and generous in spirit throughout. It presents a fascinating study of one of the twentieth century's most remarkable figures.	1995	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780751505559	Remembrance	Danielle Steel		Her beloved Italian homeland shattered in the wake of World War II, exquisite Serena, Principessa di San Tibaldo, has nothing left except her name, her ancestry... and her heart which she gives completely and forever to Major Brad Fullerton. But not even Brad's ring--or his child--can protect her from the calculating wrath of the powerful Fullerton dynasty, and the woman who will become Serena's bitter enemy. Sweeping from the war-torn palazzos of Rome to the glittering avenues of Manhattan and the glamorous world of high fashion. Here is the vibrant story of one woman's triumphant yet bittersweet journey of the heart.	1994-08-04	Warner Books		English				FIC027020
9780749937188	Scandal's Bride	Stephanie Laurens		'Stephanie Laurens' heroines are marvellous tributes to Georgette Heyer' CATHY KELLY	2007-04-05	Piatkus Books		English				FIC027000
9780749937201	A Secret Love	Stephanie Laurens		When a mysterious lady, her face hidden by a black veil, begs Gabriel Cynster for his help, he cannot refuse her plea. For despite her disguise, Gabriel finds the woman alluring and he is powerless to deny her. But he exacts payment as only a Cynster would demand: with each piece of information he uncovers, she must pay him - in the form of a kiss. Lady Alathea Morwellan knows Gabriel is intrigued, but despite the sparks that fly between them, they have never passed a civil moment together. Yet as the stakes get higher, so does Gabriel's desire for payment. And with each overpowering kiss, each passionate embrace, Alathea knows that she will not be able to resist his ultimate seduction...but what will happen when she reveals the truth?	2007-04-05	Piatkus Books		English				FIC027000
9781841497419	Shadow's Edge	Brent Weeks		Kylar has rejected the assassin's life. In the wake of the Godking's violent coup, both his master and his closest friend are dead. His friend was Logan Gyre, heir to Cenaria's throne, but few of the ruling class survive to mourn his loss. So Kylar is starting over: new city, new companions, and new profession.But when he learns that Logan might be alive, trapped and in hiding, Kylar faces an impossible choice. He could give up the way of shadows forever, and find peace with his young family. Or Kylar could succumb to his flair for destruction, the years of training, to save his friend and his country - and lose all he holds precious.	2008-11-06	Little, Brown Book Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780749935924	Sins of the Night	Sherrilyn Kenyon		>In the realm of the Dark-Hunters there is a code of honour that even immortal bad boys must follow. No human can be harmed. Dark-Hunters are the protectors, the good guys. Yet every few centuries or so, there is always one who thinks himself above the Code. Even worse, there is always one who decides to convert others to his cause...>Alexion is the defender of the code that governs the immortals. He is judge, jury and executioner: if they step over the line it's his wrath they will face. For centuries Alexion has survived alone. Isolated and haunted by his human past, he has learned to distance himself from his emotions and his role ensures that even his fellow Dark-Hunters give him a wide berth.However, this time the rogue Dark-Hunter is an old friend. Alexion cannot destroy him without at least allowing him one last chance at redemption. But to do this he needs the help of a female Dark-Hunter who goes by the name Danger. and the last time Alexion ran into her, she tried to kill him...	2005-06-24	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780753817667	Stalin,the court of the Red Tsar	Simon Sebag Montefiore		There have been many biographies of Stalin, but the court that surrounded him is untravelled ground. Simon Sebag Montefiore, acclaimed biographer of Catherine the Great's lover, prime minister and general Potemkin, has unearthed the vast underpinning that sustained Stalin. Not only ministers such as Molotov or secret service chiefs such as Beria, but men and women whose loyalty he trusted only until the next purge. 'Spectacular...an impressive and compelling work' Philip Mansel, Spectator 'This magnificent portrait of the dictator' Richard Overy, Literary Review	2004-06-01	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9781408702215	The link,uncovering our earliest ancestor	Colin Tudge&Josh Young		The astonishing new discovery that could change everything . . . Lying inside a high-security vault, deep within the heart of one of the world's leading natural history museums, is the scientific find of a lifetime - a perfectly fossilized early primate, older than the previously most famous primate fossil, Lucy, by an astonishing forty-four million years. A secret until now, the fossil - 'Ida'- is the most complete early primate fossil ever found. Forty-seven million years old, Ida rewrites what we've assumed about the earliest primate origins. Her completeness is unparalleled. With exclusive access to the first scientists to study her, the award-winning science writer Colin Tudge tells the history of Ida and her place in the world. The Link offers a wide-ranging investigation into Ida and our earliest origins - and the magnificent, cutting-edge scientific detective story that followed her discovery. At the same time it opens a stunningly evocative window into our past and changes what we know about primate evolution and, ultimately, our own.	2009-05-20	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780752837079	The other daughter	Lisa Gardner		In Texas, a man goes to the electric chair for the kidnap, torture and murder of six small children. In Boston, Massachusetts, a nine-year-old girl has been admitted to ER, unconscious and full of morphine. When she comes round, she remembers nothing about herself or her past. The girl is adopted and raised as Melanie by Dr Harper Stokes and his wife, whose own daughter Meagan was tragically murdered. Twenty years later, someone is targeting the family, sending grotesque messages and gifts. And in an even more horrible twist, a journalist approaches Melanie and tells her that her birth father was the executed murderer.	2000-08-03	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780446577366	The Secret Power of Speaking God's Word	Joyce Meyer		Bestselling author Meyer teaches readers how to create change in their lives and truly receive God's blessings. Includes powerful Scriptures covering over 50 topics, including patience, loneliness, wisdom, and more.	2004-08-26	Faith Words		English				ZZZ000000
9780575074804	The three stigmata of Palmer Eldritch	Philip K. Dick		In the overcrowded world and cramped space colonies of the late 21st century, tedium can be endured through the use of the drug Can-D, which enables the user to inhabit a shared illusory world. When industrialist Palmer Eldritch returns from an interstellar trip, he brings with him a new drug, Chew-Z, which is far more potent than Can-D, but threatens to plunge the world into a permanent state of drugged illusion controlled by the mysterious Eldritch.THE THREE STIGMATA OF PALMER ELDRITCH is, by universal consent, one of his three key novels, and the book in which he first took his perennial interest in the fragile nature of reality to a new level of imaginative intensity.	2003	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780747235187	The vision	Dean Koontz		A fantastic new package for this chilling tale by the international bestseller. Mary Bergen is a clairvoyant, able to forsee murders that will happen in the near future, but unable to prevent them from taking place. And now she is up against a power that is stronger than her own, a power that is taking her over, a power that is trying to kill her before she can identify it...	1990-06-01	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780749936303	Unleash the Night	Sherrilyn Kenyon		'Move over, Anne Rice. Kenyon's Dark Hunter books are changing the face of the vampire novel, making it hip, darker, and all the more appealing.' Publishers Weekly	2006-01-05	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9781844036141	1001 Books,You Must Read Before You Die	Peter Boxall		Whether they're a work of wacky imagination, a piercing insight into social and cultural traditions at the time of writing, or simply a absorbing story, this work features these stories that have come about out of people's desires to communicate a story, a message or a lesson.	2008-04-15	Cassell Illustrated		English				ZZZ000000
9780752865157	Alone	Lisa Gardner		State Trooper Bobby Dodge watches a tense hostage stand-off unfoldthrough the scope of his sniper rifle. An armed man has barricadedhimself with his wife and child. His finger tightens on the trigger andDodge has only a split second to react ... Twenty-five years ago, Catherine Gagnon was buried undergroundduring a month-long nightmare of abduction and abuse. Now, herhusband has just been killed and her father-in-law blames Catherine.Mr Bosu was in a maximum security prison for the most sadistic ofcrimes. Now he's free ... and filled with an unquenchable thirst forvengeance.A moment of violence brings Bobby and Catherine together - but whatconnects them is much more dangerous. A killer is loose. No one isbeyond harm, and no one will see death coming until it has themcornered, helpless, and alone ...	2005	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780753819548	Anything we love can be saved,a writer's activism	Alice Walker		"From the author of The Color Purple, a unique collection of essays about her life and her activism"	2005-02-17	Phoenix		English				LCO010000
9780575075955	Barry Trotter and the unnecessary sequel	Michael Gerber		Barry Trotter saved the Hogwash school for Wizards from the unwelcome attentions of Hollywood in BARRY TROTTER AND THE SHAMELESS PARODY. But things move on. Barry and Ermine Cringer have got married and have had two relatively delightful children. Their eldest is a skilled magician. But the youngest doesn't seem to possess any ability at all. Have Barry and Ermine given birth to a Muddle?Maybe magic isn't everything after all . . .	2004-06-10	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780600619284	The Best Ever Games for Kids,501 Ways to Have Fun!	Jane Kemp&Clare Walters		Whether you're looking for riotous outdoor fun or a calm indoor activity, this game book guarantees hours of entertainment. With a wide range of brilliant ideas for one or more children The Best-Ever Kids Games is perfect for every occasion, rainy days, parties, family outings, holidays and journeys. It contains more than 500 boredom-beating ideas for all ages from tots to teens including old-favorites as well as less well-known games. There are quiet and energetic games to play alone, with a friend or in a group or team, from card games, drawing games, memory games, puzzles and brainteasers to ball games, party games, beach games, back-yard games and singing games. Easy-to-follow instructions and at-a-glance guide to players and what you will need, make the book accessible to both parents and children.	2009-05	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780600618362	Box Into Shape,Get Fighting Fit in Just 12 Weeks	Chrissie Gallagher-Mundy		Discover the all-around mind and body benefits of boxing with an exciting program that keeps you motivated and on your toes. Burn calories and increase cardiovascular fitness, enhance muscle tone and flexibility, increase strength, stamina and energy levels, relieve stress, improve concentration and feel more confident. Box into Shape offers fun, safe exercises based on boxing and martial arts. It is suitable for all ages and levels of fitness with structured routines for beginners as well as more challenging variations.	2009-02-01	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780751531237	By the rivers of Babylon	Nelson DeMille		Israel: two Concorde jets take off for a UN conference that will finally bring peace to the Middle East. Covered by F-14 fighters, accompanied by security men, the planes carry warriors, pacifists, lovers, enemies, dignitaries - and a bomb planted by a terrorist mastermind. Suddenly they're forced to crash-land at an ancient desert site. Here, with only a handful of weapons, the men and women of the peace mission must make a desperate stand against an army of crack Palestinian commandos - while the Israeli authorities desperately attempt a rescue bid.A story of compulsive excitement, rich in personal drama and political tension that must rank as one of the greatest of our times.	2001-03-01	Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9780340822661	Devil's Peak	Deon Meyer		Soldiers never find it easy returning from war. So it is with Thobela Mpayipheli, former freedom fighter, trying to settle back into the new South Africa. But at least he has his boy, an adored companion who is a link to a happier past. Then the boy is taken from Thobela, one of a staggering number of children murdered or abused in South Africa, and Thobela knows only despair...and a cold desire for revenge. Thus is born the vigilante killer known as 'Artemis'. The police respond by putting on the case a man who can't afford to fail. Benny Griessel is on the brink of losing everything his job, his family, his self-respect and this could be his last chance to drag his life back out of the gutter. And then Benny meets Christine, a young mother working as a prostitute in Cape Town. and something happens that is so frightening, the world can never be the same again, for Benny, for Christine, or for Thobela.	2008-04-07	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				FIC006000
9781857989540	Eric	Terry Pratchett		Eric is the Discworld's only demonology hacker. Pity he's not very good at it. All he wants are his three wishes granted -- to be immortal, to rule the world, and have the most beautiful woman in the world fall madly in love with him -- the usual stuff. He calls up Rincewind, probably the most incompetent wizard in the universe. Eric's in for a wild ride through space and time.	2001	Millennium		English				ZZZ000000
9780747266808	From the corner of his eye	Dean R. Koontz		Bartholomew Lampion was blinded at the age of three, when surgeons reluctantly removed his eyes to save him from a fast-spreading cancer, but although eyeless, Barty regained his sight at thirteen. This sudden ascent from a decade of darkness into light was not brought about by a holy healer. A roller coaster had something to do with his recovery, as did a seagull. And you can't discount Barty's profound desire to make his mother proud of him before she died. The first time she died was the day Barty was born. January 6, 1965.	2001-08-02	Headline Feature		English				ZZZ000000
9780755343751	Holly's inbox,scandal in the city	Holly Denham		Fancy a peek at someone else's personal emails? Holly Denham is just like you and me: she works 9-5; she plans to be more ambitious (next year); she drinks far too much at weekends (and on weekdays); And she's completely addicted to emailing her friends. Holly's email inbox is a sizzling hotbed of gossip, romance, scandal and secrets. And now you'll be able to read it...	2008-07-22	Headline Review		English				ZZZ000000
9781904233718	Hood	Stephen R. Lawhead		For centuries, the legend of Robin Hood and his band of thieves has captivated the imagination. Now the familiar tale takes on new life, fresh meaning, and an unexpected setting.	2007-07-05	Atom		English				ZZZ000000
9781408308158	Ally the Dolphin Fairy	Daisy Meadows		Rachel and Kirsty are visiting Kirsty's grandmother by the sea for their spring break. One morning they spot a very sparkly shell on the beach and it whisks them away to Fairyland! It's the occasion of the yearly Ocean Gala, where Shannon the Ocean Fairy plays her Magical Golden Conch Shell to ensure that the seas and oceans remain peaceful and ordered for the year ahead. But Jack Frost is there to ruin things for everyone! His pesky goblins break the Magical Golden Conch Shell into seven pieces as they try to steal it and the pieces are whisked away into the oceans of the human world. Queen Titania uses her magic to send seven magical sea creatures to guard the pieces of the shell, but the Ocean Fairies, and Rachel and Kirsty must get the pieces back before chaos takes over the oceans! Can they outwit Jack Frost and his goblins and make the oceans a safe and happy place for everyone once again...? In this book, Rachel and Kirsty must help Whitney search for her beloved whale and track down the sixth piece of the shell before the pesky goblins get it!	2010	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781408308189	Tess the Sea Turtle Fairy	Daisy Meadows		Rachel and Kirsty are visiting Kirsty's grandmother by the sea for their spring break. One morning they spot a very sparkly shell on the beach and it whisks them away to Fairyland! It's the occasion of the yearly Ocean Gala, where Shannon the Ocean Fairy plays her Magical Golden Conch Shell to ensure that the seas and oceans remain peaceful and ordered for the year ahead. But Jack Frost is there to ruin things for everyone! His pesky goblins break the Magical Golden Conch Shell into seven pieces as they try to steal it and the pieces are whisked away into the oceans of the human world. Queen Titania uses her magic to send seven magical sea creatures to guard the pieces of the shell, but the Ocean Fairies, and Rachel and Kirsty must get the pieces back before chaos takes over the oceans! Can they outwit Jack Frost and his goblins and make the oceans a safe and happy place for everyone once again...? In this book, Rachel and Kirsty must help Whitney search for her beloved whale and track down the sixth piece of the shell before the pesky goblins get it!	2010	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780446696104	The Best Investment Advice I Ever Received,Priceless Wisdom from Warren Buffett, Jim Cramer, Suze Orman, Steve Forbes, and Dozens of Other Top Financial Experts	Liz Claman		Wouldn't you like to sit in a room and ask the following people for their investment advice?-John C. Bogle (Founder, Vanguard Group)-Warren Buffett (CEO of Berkshire Hathaway)-Bill Gross (Founder and CIO, PIMCO)-Susan Ivey (CEO, ReynoldsAmerican Inc.)-A.G. Lafley (Chairman, Procter & Gamble)-Georgette Mosbacher (CEO, Borghese Cosmetics)-John Myers (CEO, GE Asset Management)-Suze Orman (bestselling author)-Steve Forbes (President, Forbes magazine)These and dozens of other investment professionals offer their personal secrets of success when it comes to making money. And along the way, they provide their own insights on whether you should diversify your portfolio (or put your cash somewhere else), whether you should pick your own stocks (or let a pro do it for you), if investing in real estate is really the answer to great wealth, if saving a few pennies here and there really do add up, and much, much more. The book is edited by Claman to be extremely accessible to all investors, regardless of their financial background.	2007-11-21	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780747238980	The funhouse	Dean Koontz		The carnival is a world apart, endlessly travelling from town to town, providing thrills and magic for new kids every week. And the biggest, most popular attraction is the Funhouse ndash; the ghoulish creepshow of ghosts and skeletons, rattling chains and make-believe terror... Young Amy Harper is the most beautiful girl at her school, but to her life seems wretched. Terrorised by her mother, Amy's little brother Joey, is her only real friend. Their mother's days are regulated by religious obsession, and nights by the bottle and drunken confessions. When the carnival comes to town, Joey plans to escape his troubled home and join the revellers. But Amy and Joey fall under the carnival spell, unaware that their mother's secrets are buried here and that vengeance for past deeds lies in wait for them in the make-believe world of...the Funhouse.	1992	Headline Feature		English				ZZZ000000
9780752834221	The green mile	Stephen King		The Green Mile: those who walk it do not return, because at the end of that walk is the room in which sits Cold Mountain penitentiary's electric chair. In 1932 the newest resident on death row is John Coffey, a giant black man convicted of the brutal murder of two little girls. But nothing is as it seems with John Coffey, and around him unfolds a bizarre and horrifying story.Evil murderer or holy innocent - whichever he is - Coffey has strange powers which may yet offer salvation to others, even if they can do nothing to save him.THE AUTHOR	2000-02-17	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780752844831	The third victim	Lisa Gardner		A horrific shooting has ripped apart the peaceful town of Bakersville, and the residents are demanding justice. But although a boy has confessed to the crime, evidence shows he may not be guilty. Officer Rainie Conner is caught up in the controversy. It's hitting too close to home, bringing back memories of her own past and her worst nightmares. But she has to find the real killer...With the help of FBI profiler Pierce Quincy, Rainie comes closer to a deadly truth than she can imagine. Because out there in the shadows a man watches her and plots his next move. He knows her secrets. He's already brought death to Bakersville. But what he has really come for is Rainie - and he won't leave until he has destroyed her...	2002-03-07	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9781844086160	The Wife's Tale	Lori Lansens		On the eve of her wedding anniversary, Mary Gooch is waiting for her husband to come home, listening for his car along the dark, icy roads. As the night draws on, and he fails to appear, Mary reflects on the true nature of their marriage: the secrets, the silences, and the unmentionable yet inescapable fact that for each loss and disappointment, there has been a corresponding physical gain: the woman she once was is now imprisoned in mountainous flesh. The Wife's Tale is the inspirational story of the journey Mary is finally forced to make across a continent, ostensibly in search of her husband, but eventually towards the self she has buried for too long.	2010-01-21	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780340022191	Thunder on the right	Mary Stewart		Jenny Silver's trip to the Pyrenees is intended to be more than a welcome holiday in a beautiful part of France. Perturbed by a letter from her cousin Gillian who has been like a sister to her, Jenny has come to Gavarnie in an attempt to discover why Gill has entered a convent. On arrival, however, she finds herself caught up in a mesh of intrigue. Her cousin has vanished, and there is evidence that she is dead. Refusing all explanations, Jenny throws herself into a dramatic and dangerous search.	1972	Hodder and Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780349119625	A Wedding in December	Anita Shreve		The author of the bestselling "Light on Snow" returns with a powerful novel about old friends, a wedding, and a gathering that will change their lives. Unabridged. 7 CDs.	2006	Abacus		English				FIC000000
9780349109114	The weight of water	Anita Shreve		In 1873, on a small bleak island off the rich fishing coast of New Hampshire, two Norwegian women are murdered in a fit of brutal passion. A third, Maren Hontvedt, escapes to witness a local man's execution for the crime. More than a century later, Jean, a Boston photojournalist, travels to the island on a research assignment to investigate the murder legend. She stumbles upon Maren's translated memoirs, carefully preserved among the faded photographs, mildewed letters and yellowing guidebooks of the Isle of Shoals archives. As she immerses herself in Maren's poignant tale of love and loss, Jean senses haunting echoes of her own fading passion and possessive behaviour.	1998-05-14	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780340897560	When Red is Black	Qiu Xiaolong		When Inspector Chen Cao agrees to do a translation job for a Triad-connected businessman he is given a laptop, a -~little secretary' to provide for his every need, medical care for his mother. There are, it seems, no strings attached . . . Then a murder is reported: Chen is loath to shorten his working holiday, so Sergeant Yu is forced to take charge of the investigation. The victim, a middle-aged teacher, has been found dead in her tiny room in a converted multi-family house. Only a neighbour could have committed the crime, but there is no motive. It is only when Chen returns and starts to investigate the past that he finds answers. But by then he has troubles of his own.	2007-07-12	Sceptre		English				ZZZ000000
9780349105857	Where or when	Anita Shreve		When Charles Callahan chances on a newspaper photograph of Sian Richards, a woman he loved when they were both only thirteen, he is hardly in a position to do anything about it. He has been faithfully married for years and his Rhode Island real estate business has been hit hard by the recession. But Charles cannot bear his curiosity, and decides to get in touch.Three decades after they last saw each other, the two lovers meet. Powerfully drawn together once again, Charles and Sian are forced to come to terms with the nature of erotic love and betrayal, moral quandaries in an age of shifting values, and the elusive nature of time.	1994-12-01	Abacus		English				FIC027020
9780316013161	You Read to Me, I'll Read to You,Very Short Stories to Read Together	Mary Ann Hoberman&Michael Emberley		Here's a book with something new - you read to me! I'll read to you! We'll read each page to one another - you'll read one side, I the other. A unique book 'in two voices' that uses traditional reading teaching techniques (alliteration, rhyme, repetition, short sentences) to invite young children to read along with an adult. Each of the twelve short stories fit on one spread and features childlike themes - family, friendship, pets and seasons.With clear, color-coded typography and amusing illustrations, this collection is sure to entertain.	2006-04-05	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers		English				ZZZ000000
9781844085002	Affinity	Sarah Waters		Set in and around the women's prison at Milbank in the 1870s, AFFINITY is an eerie and utterly compelling ghost story, a complex and intriguing literary mystery and a poignant love story with an unexpected twist in the tale. Following the death of her father, Margaret Prior has decided to pursue some 'good work' with the lady criminals of one of London's most notorious gaols. Surrounded by prisoners, murderers and common thieves, Margaret feels herself drawn to one of the prisons more unlikely inmates - the imprisoned spiritualist Selina Dawes. Sympathetic to the plight of this innocent-seeming girl, Margaret sees herself dispensing guidance and perhaps friendship on her visits, little expecting to find herself dabbling in a twilight world of seances, shadows, unruly spirits and unseemly passions.	2008-04-03	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780755352975	Bone by bone	Carol O'Connell		In the northern Californian town of Coventry, two teenage brothers go into the woods one day; only one comes back. No one knows what happened to the younger brother, Josh, until twenty years later, when the older brother, Oren, now an ex-investigator for the Army Criminal Investigations Department, returns home after many years. His first morning back, he hears a thump on the front porch. Lying in front of the door is a human jawbone, teeth still intact. It is not the first such object, his father tells him. Other remains have been left there as well. Josh is coming home... bone by bone. Using all his investigative skills, Oren sets out to solve the mystery of his brother's murder. Coventry is a town full of secrets and secret-keepers: the housekeeper with the fugitive past, the deputy with the old grudge, the reclusive ex-cop from LA, the woman with the title of town monster and, not least of all, Oren himself. The greatest secret of all belonged to his brother, and it is only by unravelling it that Oren can discover the truth that has haunted them all for twenty years.	2008-12-30	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780719523144	Charge!	Justin Pollard		War brings out the very best and worst in people although, frankly, its usually the latter. But for all our thousands of years of practice at this most dangerous art there is precious little evidence that we're either outgrowing it or getting any good at it. It is an occupation filled with heroism, genius, hubris, idiocy and blind panic all bought on at least in part by large measures of astonishingly good and bad luck - and they're all here in Charge! This is not a book filled with battle diagrams swarming with arrows or 100,000 word descriptions of the tactical basis for the Pastry War.It is a book about the smaller tragedies and triumphs that actually go to make up the big picture - toilets that sink U-boats, unsporting attacks on Christmas day, armies that stop for tea, bombs on renegade balloons, drunk generals, blind kings, blind drunk generals, circular warships, and all the joy and misery that such things bring with them. And an interesting bit about the Pastry War.	2009-08-06	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780446199483	Dark Hunger	Rita Herron		HE'S EVERYTHING SHE FEARS... Reporter Annabelle Armstrong will go to any lengths to deliver a story, even track down Quinton Valtrez, a man she believes is a coldhearted assassin. Yet the truth about the darkly sensual Quinton is even more shocking...and the overwhelming desire he ignites is one she vows to resist. SHE'S EVERYTHING HE CRAVES Quinton has fought his demonic powers since he was a child. Now using his gifts for the good of national security, he can't let himself be distracted by the beautiful, determined Annabelle. But his need for her is sudden, fierce--and could soon cost Annabelle her life. For a wicked enemy is out for vengeance, a demon who wants to draw Quinton into a life of pure evil and is willing to use Annabelle as bait. To save her, Quinton must achieve the near impossible: tame the sinister force that is both his inheritance and his curse before it claims him forever.	2009-07-28	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780749937973	Dream Hunter	Sherrilyn Kenyon		'Move over, Anne Rice. Kenyon's Dark Hunter books are changing the face of the vampire novel, making it hip, darker, and all the more appealing.' Publishers Weekly	2007	Piatkus Books		English				FIC027040
9780753825440	Footsteps	Katharine McMahon		The women in Helena Mayrick's family have always led secretive and tragic lives, and when Helena's comfortable marriage is devastated by her husband's violent death, it seems that she, too, is locked into the cycle.Helena is invited to research a book on her grandfather, H. Donaldson, the celebrated Edwardian photographer. At first she is reluctant to immerse herself in family history, particularly as Donaldson's relationship with her grandmother, Ruth, is shrouded in mystery and turmoil.But gradually, as the story of enigmatic Ruth and the elusive, passionate Donaldson unfolds, Helena finds that the past, like the present, was shaped by cruel dilemmas and the demands of love...	2009-01-08	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780755317660	Get Off Your Ass and Lose Weight	Steve Miller		No more excuses! The Life Bitch is here, and he has no time for whingers. If you know your bum looks big, then get it off the sofa. Steve Miller is an expert in training people in positive thinking. His approach depends on using skills that everyone has: common sense (you are fat because you eat too much - no one is fat in a famine) and a bit of determination. He is tough-talking (he calls a hippo a hippo) but warm and witty too; and he shows you - with real life examples and stories - techniques that really work. His approach is realistic, and it's all about getting real. This is not just about shedding the flab, but about becoming the person you want to be, and realising that it is in you to make it happen.	2008-06-12	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781842555675	Horrid Henry Rules the World	Francesca Simon&Tony Ross		Ten side-splitting stories, chosen from earlier books, revolving around Horrid Henry's school days: his attempts to get out of Nurse Needle's injections and sabotage Miss Impatience Tutu's dance class, his cunning ploy to be off school sick, his determination to meet the Queen, win at football and star in the Christmas play, and much more. In his dreams he is King Henry the Horrible, and everyone does just what he says - but Horrid Henry knows that life's not like that. A spot-the-hidden-object picture, Henry's inventive sick notes, a letter from Buckingham Palace, pages from his diary, photos from the school year book and lots more extra material fills a book that's just as much fun as 'Horrid Henry's Big Bad Book', 'Wicked Ways' and 'Evil Enemies'.	2007-09-13	Orion Publishing Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780340688847	In pursuit of the proper sinner	Elizabeth George		When the body of Nicola Maiden, the daughter of a retired Scotland Yard undercover officer, is found near an unidentified body in the middle of a pre-historic stone circle in Derbyshire, Inspector Lynley is asked to lead the investigation into the deaths. Lynley must get to the bottom of the crime without the assistance of his long-time partner Sergeant Barbara Havers following her demotion as a result of an internal investigation. But Barbara Havers has plans of her own, and they involve the very case that Lynley is working on.	2000	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781844035885	Books	Lucy Daniel		Poets and playwrights, novels and novelists, publishing coups and personal stories, literature as we know it has been shaped by the key exponents of the craft, quirks of fate, meetings, love affairs and moments of despair and death. Characters such as Atticus Finch, Lily Bart, and Harry Potter have carried us through the century, while the discussion still rages on about the Da Vinci Code. Here is the world of literature in a nutshell, each vital and intriguing moment placed in it's historic and cultural context creating an intelligent, accessible guide to a the writings of the world.	2007-09-15	Cassell Illustrated		English				ZZZ000000
9781843629597	Lucy the Diamond Fairy	Daisy Meadows		Disaster has struck Fairyland! Jack Frost has stolen all the jewels from Queen Titania's crown. Each stone controls a particular aspect of fairy magic. Without them, the fairies can't use their magic fairy dust or make pictures in ponds of water. They can't even fly! The fairies can't let the power disappear from fairyland into Jack Frost's evil hands. Rachel and Kirsty have to help India the Moonstone Fairy, Scarlett the Garnet Fairy, Emily the Emerald Fairy, Chloe the Topaz Fairy, Amy the Amethyst Fairy, Sophie the Sapphire Fairy, and Lucy the Diamond Fairy - to get the jewels back...before it's too late.	2005-09-08	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781408308165	Amelie the Seal Fairy	Daisy Meadows		Rachel and Kirsty are visiting Kirsty's grandmother by the sea for their spring break. One morning they spot a very sparkly shell on the beach and it whisks them away to Fairyland! It's the occasion of the yearly Ocean Gala, where Shannon the Ocean Fairy plays her Magical Golden Conch Shell to ensure that the seas and oceans remain peaceful and ordered for the year ahead. But Jack Frost is there to ruin things for everyone! His pesky goblins break the Magical Golden Conch Shell into seven pieces as they try to steal it and the pieces are whisked away into the oceans of the human world. Queen Titania uses her magic to send seven magical sea creatures to guard the pieces of the shell, but the Ocean Fairies, and Rachel and Kirsty must get the pieces back before chaos takes over the oceans! Can they outwit Jack Frost and his goblins and make the oceans a safe and happy place for everyone once again...? In this book, Rachel and Kirsty must help Whitney search for her beloved whale and track down the sixth piece of the shell before the pesky goblins get it!	2010	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781408308172	Pia the Penguin Fairy	Daisy Meadows		Rachel and Kirsty are visiting Kirsty's grandmother by the sea for their spring break. One morning they spot a very sparkly shell on the beach and it whisks them away to Fairyland! It's the occasion of the yearly Ocean Gala, where Shannon the Ocean Fairy plays her Magical Golden Conch Shell to ensure that the seas and oceans remain peaceful and ordered for the year ahead. But Jack Frost is there to ruin things for everyone! His pesky goblins break the Magical Golden Conch Shell into seven pieces as they try to steal it and the pieces are whisked away into the oceans of the human world. Queen Titania uses her magic to send seven magical sea creatures to guard the pieces of the shell, but the Ocean Fairies, and Rachel and Kirsty must get the pieces back before chaos takes over the oceans! Can they outwit Jack Frost and his goblins and make the oceans a safe and happy place for everyone once again...? In this book, Rachel and Kirsty must help Whitney search for her beloved whale and track down the sixth piece of the shell before the pesky goblins get it!	2010	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781408308196	Stephanie the Starfish Fairy	Daisy Meadows		Rachel and Kirsty are visiting Kirsty's grandmother by the sea for their spring break. One morning they spot a very sparkly shell on the beach and it whisks them away to Fairyland! It's the occasion of the yearly Ocean Gala, where Shannon the Ocean Fairy plays her Magical Golden Conch Shell to ensure that the seas and oceans remain peaceful and ordered for the year ahead. But Jack Frost is there to ruin things for everyone! His pesky goblins break the Magical Golden Conch Shell into seven pieces as they try to steal it and the pieces are whisked away into the oceans of the human world. Queen Titania uses her magic to send seven magical sea creatures to guard the pieces of the shell, but the Ocean Fairies, and Rachel and Kirsty must get the pieces back before chaos takes over the oceans! Can they outwit Jack Frost and his goblins and make the oceans a safe and happy place for everyone once again...? In this book, Rachel and Kirsty must help Whitney search for her beloved whale and track down the sixth piece of the shell before the pesky goblins get it!	2010	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9781408308202	Whitney the Whale Fairy	Daisy Meadows		Rachel and Kirsty are visiting Kirsty's grandmother by the sea for their spring break. One morning they spot a very sparkly shell on the beach and it whisks them away to Fairyland! It's the occasion of the yearly Ocean Gala, where Shannon the Ocean Fairy plays her Magical Golden Conch Shell to ensure that the seas and oceans remain peaceful and ordered for the year ahead. But Jack Frost is there to ruin things for everyone! His pesky goblins break the Magical Golden Conch Shell into seven pieces as they try to steal it and the pieces are whisked away into the oceans of the human world. Queen Titania uses her magic to send seven magical sea creatures to guard the pieces of the shell, but the Ocean Fairies, and Rachel and Kirsty must get the pieces back before chaos takes over the oceans! Can they outwit Jack Frost and his goblins and make the oceans a safe and happy place for everyone once again...? In this book, Rachel and Kirsty must help Whitney search for her beloved whale and track down the sixth piece of the shell before the pesky goblins get it!	2010	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781846161667	Katie the kitten fairy	Daisy Meadows		Fairyland in uproar! Jack Frost has stolen the Pet Fairies magical pets. Without them, the Pet Fairies can't ensure that pets in the human world find the right owners. So it's vital that the Pet Fairies get their magic pets back. The pets have escaped from Jack Frost's ice castle and are roaming the human world. Rachel and Kirsty have to help Katie the Kitten Fairy, Harriet the Hamster Fairy, Georgia the Guinea Pig Fairy, Lauren the Puppy Fairy, Emma the Bunny Fairy, Penny the Pony Fairy and Molly the Goldfish Fairy - to get the pets back...before it's too late.	2006-04-06	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781844083916	Scapegallows	Carol Birch		Aust'n. Recommended for Reading Groups. Now in B format. A convict colony in New South Wales, Australia is the setting for Carol Birch's new novel, based on real events. Now out in paperback, Birch proves once again that she is 'a born storyteller' TIMES This is the story of Margaret Catchpole, born into a smugglers' world in Suffolk in the late 1700s. As the valued servant of a wealthy family and a friend of criminals, Margaret leads a double life that inevitably brings about her downfall, and she is sentenced to hang not once, but twice. But she escapes the gallows and is transported with other convicts to Australia. A wonderful adventure story, SCAPEGALLOWS takes inspiration from the life of the real Margaret Catchpole. A woman who lived by her wits, she was a slip-gibbet, a scapegallows.	2009-05-01	Virago UK		English				ZZZ000000
9780349115177	Sea Glass	Anita Shreve		New Hampshire, 1929 - when Sexton Breacher proposes to Honora Willard, she lays aside his flaws as one might overlook a small stain in a beautifully embroidered tablecloth. But as the couple begin their new life in the house at Fortune's Rocks, their love is about to be tested to the limit. For the Wall Street Crash has as little time for dreams as it does the mill workers at nearby Ely Falls, who are readying for strike whatever the consequences . . .	2002-11-21	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780340826638	Thirteen Moons	Charles Frazier		At the age of twelve, under the Wind Moon, Will is given a horse, a key, and a map, and sent alone into the Indian Nation to run a trading post as a bound boy. It is during this time that he grows into a man, learning, as he does, of the raw power it takes to create a life, to find a home. In a card game with a white Indian named Featherstone, Will wins acirc;euro;" for a brief moment acirc;euro;" a mysterious girl named Claire, and his passion and desire for her spans this novel. As Will's destiny intertwines with the fate of the Cherokee Indians, including a Cherokee Chief named Bear, he learns how to fight and survive in the face of both nature and men, and eventually, under the Corn Tassle Moon, Will begins the fight against Washington City to preserve the Cherokee's homeland and culture. And he will come to know the truth behind his belief that acirc;euro;~only desire trumps time'. Brilliantly imagined, written with great power and beauty by a master of American fiction, Thirteen Moons is a stunning novel about a man's passion for a woman, and how loss, longing and love can shape a man's destiny over the many moons of a life.	2007	Sceptre		English				FIC027050
9780747249726	Ticktock	Dean Ray Koontz		When Tommy Phan discovers a mysterious rag doll on his doorstep one day, he's curious but tries to dismiss it. However, the thing seems ominously foreboding ndash; a feeling borne out when he hears a sound from it that evening. When he picks up the doll, its heart actually appears to be beating. Then the threads of its eyes unravel, and a strange green eye appears ndash; and blinks. Before long, Tommy is forced to flee an adversary that becomes larger, ever more formidable and seemingly indestructible. He must use his journalist's skills to figure out not only exactly what this thing is and where it has come from, but more importantly why it has been sent after him. And he has just nine hours before the arrival of dawn to do so...	1997	Headline		English				FIC015000
9780340953952	Dewey,The Small-Town Library Cat Who Touched the World	Vicki Myron		On the coldest morning of the year, Vicki Myron found a tiny, bedraggled kitten almost frozen to death in the night drop box of the library where she worked, and her life and the town of Spencer, Iowa would never be the same. Vicki was a single mother who had survived the loss of her family farm and an alcoholic, abusive husband. But her biggest challenge as the new head librarian in Spencer was to raise the spirits of a small, out-of-the-way town mired deep in the farm crisis of the 1980s. Dewey, as the townspeople named the kitten, quickly grew into a strutting, adorable library cat whose antics kept patrons in stitches, and whose sixth sense about those in need created hundreds of deep and loving friendships. As his fame grew, people drove hundreds of miles to meet Dewey, and people all over the world fell in love with him. Through it all, Dewey remained a loyal companion, a beacon of hope not just for Vicki, but for the entire town of Spencer as it slowly, steadily pulled itself up from the worst financial crisis in its long history. Dewey won hearts and proved to everyone he encountered that unconditional love comes in many forms.	2009-10-01	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780753819609	In Search of Our Mothers' Gardens,Womanist Prose	Alice Walker		The first collection of Alice Walker's non-fiction spanning fifteen years in the career of this remarkable writer.	2005-10-20	Phoenix		English				LCO010000
9780749941413	Inner Happiness,Positive Steps to Feeling Complete	Vera Peiffer		With effective advice and easy-to-learn techniques Vera Peiffer describes how to overcome feelings of loneliness, alienation, stress, and low self-esteem by thinking positively and working with the energy of body, mind, and soul. This guide explains why we feel disconnected and how this manifests in our lives; describes how to be healthy on four levelsphysical, mental, emotional, and spiritualto feel complete; shows how to work more closely with an "inner" world, using positive thinking techniques and energy medicine; helps build inner confidence to banish depression and lack of self-esteem; and illustrates issues with real-life case histories.	2010	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780747257943	Let's Meet on Platform 8	Carole Matthews		This modern day Brief Encounter is a wickedly funny romance sure to appeal to fans of Catherine Alliot and Jilly Cooper. Teri is searching for Mr Right. She's been through Mr Lazy, Mr Greedy, Mr Completely Selfish and Mr Downright Pervert but, as yet, no Mr Wonderful. That is, of course, until she's knocked off her feet by Jamie Duncan, as they rush to catch the 18.07 from platform 8. Soon love blossoms and commuting takes on a whole new meaning. But one thing that can't be ignored is that, as well as being Mr Right, Jamie is also Mr Married...	1998-02-16	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780806528328	No Ordinary Heroes,8 Doctors, 30 Nurses, 7,000 Prisoners, and a Category 5 Hurricane	Demaree Inglese&Diana G. Gallagher		Dr. Inglese was one of many New Orleans residents convinced that approaching Hurricane Katrina would pass with minimal impact. The next few days events proved how mistaken they were as Dr. Inglese, medical director of the city jail, leads his staff through a crisis of deadly proportions.	2008-07-29	Citadel Press		English				ZZZ000000
9781842551745	Oathbreaker	Michelle Paver		When he was outcast, Torak was the hunted one. The following spring, he becomes the hunter when he swears to avenge the killing of one of his closest friends. To fulfil his oath he must brave the hidden valleys of the Deep Forest, where the clans have reverted to the savagery of an earlier time. Here, Torak finally learns why he is the Sprit Walker and discovers the true cost of revenge.	2008-09-02	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780751505511	Once in a lifetime	Danielle Steel		Millions adored Daphne Fields, for she shared their passion, their pain, their joy, and their sorrow. But America's most popular novelist remained a closed book to the world -- guarding her life with a fierce privacy no reporter could crack. Her life hides a myriad of secrets. The husband and daughter she lost in a fire. The son who barely survived it and would be deaf forever. The victories, the defeats, the challenges of facing life as a woman alone and helping her son meet the challenges of his handicap. A strong woman, she would not accept defeat, or help from anyone... until she found she could no longer face it alone.	1994-12-01	Warner Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780752883656	Resurrection Men	Ian Rankin		Rebus is off the case - literally. A few days into the murder inquiry of an Edinburgh art dealer, Rebus blows up at a colleague. He is sent to the Scottish Police College for 'retraining' - in other words, he's in the Last Chance Saloon.Rebus is assigned to an old, unsolved case, but there are those in his team who have their own secrets - and they'll stop at nothing to protect them. Rebus is also asked to act as a go-between for gangster 'Big Ger' Cafferty. And as newly promoted DS Siobhan Clarke works the case of the murdered art dealer, she is brought closer to Cafferty than she could ever have anticipated...	2008-08-07	Orion Books Limited		English				FIC022020
9780751541359	Running Vixen	Elizabeth Chadwick		1126. Heulwen, daughter of Welsh Marcher baron Guyon FitzMiles, has grown up with her father's ward, Adam de Lacey. There has always been a spark between them, but when Heulwen marries elsewhere, to Ralf le Chevalier, a devastated Adam absents himself on various diplomatic missions for King Henry I.When Ralf is killed in a skirmish, Heulwen's father considers a new marriage for her with his neighbour's son, Warrin de Mortimer. Adam, recently returned to England, has good reason to loathe Warrin and is determined not to lose Heulwen a second time. But Heulwen is torn between her duty to her father and the pull of her heart. Adam is no longer the awkward boy she remembers, but a man who stirs every fibre of her being ? which places them both in great danger, because Warrin de Mortimer is not a man to be crossed and the future of a country is at stake...	2009-12-03	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780747241409	Skinner's Festival	Quintin Jardine		An explosion rocks Princes Street in the midst of the Edinburgh Festival. Responsibility is claimed by a group supposedly demanding political separation from Britain, but as atrocities escalate, Head of CID Bob Skinner realizes this is no gang of fanatics, but a highly professional team.	1994-08-11	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780755331628	Sparkles	Louise Bagshawe		Crossing decades and continents, SPARKLES is the totally compelling story of the Massot family. Fabulously wealthy, internationally adored, the Massots own one of the last great aristocratic jewellery firms in Paris. But where is its owner Pierre, missing presumed dead for 15 years? And what will happen to his beautiful young widow Sophie? The answers lie rooted in the past and form part of the future - in a way no-one could ever have guessed...	2006	Headline		English				FIC000000
9780747235163	Strangers	Dean Koontz		A surgeon, a writer, a motel-keeper, a priest and a thief; they have nothing in common ndash; nothing but one hot summer night at the Tranquillity Motel. A night filled with unending terror, a night when an awesome power stripped them of their memories. Now the evil is creeping back into their minds. Slowly, tauntingly, maddeningly they are recalling the unspeakable events of that fateful moonlit evening. And as the vision of evil grows clearer, the guests of the Tranquillity Motel seek each other out. Some of them will not live to face the power head on. But some will ndash; in a terror-packed climax unlike anything ever experienced before...	1990-05-30	Headline		English				FIC015000
9780749938581	Swimming Without a Net	Mary Janice Davidson		Half human and half reluctant mermaid, Frederika Bimm finds herself investigating her watery roots in the latest instalment of her highly original and very funny romantic adventures.After spending her entire life without seeing another mermaid or merman, there are suddenly undersea folk all over the place when Fred visits the Black Sea. But Fred is still torn between her reluctant attraction to Artur, arrogant high prince of the mer-people, and wealthy human Thomas. Will the trip finally help her make up her mind, and separate the men from the fish?	2008-01-03	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340011157	The ivy tree	Mary Stewart		An English June in the Roman Wall countryside; the ruin of a beautiful old house standing cheek-by-jowl with the solid, sunlit prosperity of the manor farm - a lovely place, and a rich inheritance for one of the two remaining Winslow heirs. There had been a third, but Annabel Winslow had died four years ago - so when a young woman calling herself Annabel Winslow comes "home" to Whitescar, Con Winslow and his half-sister Lisa must find out whether she really is who she says she is.	1964	Coronet		English				FIC000000
9780316017633	The magician's book,a skeptic's adventures in Narnia	Laura Miller		THE MAGICIAN'S BOOK is the story of one reader's long, tumultuous relationship with C.S. Lewis'The Chronicles of Narnia. Enchanted by its fantastic world as a child, prominent critic Laura Miller returns to the series as an adult to uncover the source of these small books' mysterious power by looking at their creator, Clive Staples Lewis. What she discovers is not the familiar, idealized image of the author, but a more interesting and ambiguous truth: Lewis's tragic and troubled childhood, his unconventional love life, and his intense but ultimately doomed friendship with J.R.R. Tolkien. Finally reclaiming Narnia "for the rest of us," Miller casts the Chronicles as a profoundly literary creation, and the portal to a life-long adventure in books, art, and the imagination.	2008-12-03	Little, Brown and Co.		English				ZZZ000000
9780755300686	The wives of Bath	Wendy Holden		A tale of yummy mummies with flat brown tummies... Four parents-to-be seem ante-natally sorted. Flash Hugo and Amanda have booked a chic private clinic and royal maternity nurse. Right-on Jake and Alice want an all-natural home birth with whale music and tree-hugging nappies. But nothing goes quite to plan. Amanda finds motherhood less glam than the stars make it look and disappears back to her career. Which leaves Hugo with the child and without a clue what to do. Alice has problems too. Bringing up baby to Jake's eco-fascist standards means home-made organic everything and a recycled cardboard cot. Will nappiness bring happiness to anybody? Not before bedhopping spouses, beastly bosses and bitchy nursery mothers have all done their dreadful worst...	2005	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780753826621	Under This Unbroken Sky	Shandi Mitchell		Spring, 1938. Teodor returns home after nearly two years spent in prison for the crime of trying to feed his children. Now, he and his family are determined not only to survive, but to build a better life for themselves.But it is not just the unrelenting landscape that Teodor must fight against. His sister's husband has an unforgivable plan that threatens to take everything away from them. Nearly all is lost when a brother is pitted against a sister, and a mother against her child, with dramatic and heartbreaking consequences.	2010-09-02	PHOENIX		English				FIC000000
9780749938949	Upon the Midnight Clear	Sherrilyn Kenyon		Ever think Scrooge had it right before the ghosts ruined his life? Meet Aidan O'Conner.At one time he was a world-renowned celebrity who gave freely of himself and his money without wanting anything in return...until those around him took without asking. Now Aidan wants nothing of the world - or anyone who's a part of it. When a stranger appears at his doorstep, Aidan knows he's seen her beforehellip;in his dreams.Born on Olympus as a goddess, Leta knows nothing of the human world. But a ruthless enemy has driven her from the world of dreams and into the home of the only man who can help her: Aidan. Her immortal powers are derived from human emotions - and his anger is just the fuel she needs to defend herselfhellip;One cold winter's night will change their lives foreverhellip;Trapped together in a brutal winter storm, Aidan and Leta must turn to the only power capable of saving them - or destroying them both: trust.	2007-12-06	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780860682011	The yellow wallpaper	Charlotte Perkins Gilman		Seven charming tales explore relations between the sexes and offer witty insights from a feminist perspective. Includes the 1892 title classic, plus "Cottagette," "Turned," "Mr. Peebles' Heart," and more.	1981	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780755333448	10 Reasons Not to Fall in Love	Linda Green		Funny, dark and true, this is the sensational follow-up to the smash hit I DID A BAD THING... Jo Gilroy, an award-winning TV news reporter, has returned to work part-time at Spotlight North West after a lengthy maternity leave. But, to her dismay, she has been demoted to covering the 'And finally' stories at the end of the news. Even worse, her new boss is her ex-boyfriend Richard, who walked out on her and their son Alfie on his first birthday. Now Richard's going out with the station's celebrity weather girl. As the humiliation piles on, Jo wonders how she can ever trust a man again. But then she meets Dan, an enigmatic balloon sculptor who lives on a canal boat. Her son Alfie is enchanted by him, as is Jo. But Dan is hiding a dark secret about his childhood. And can Jo really risk another unhappy ending? Find out in Linda Green's hilarious and moving new novel...	2009-03-05	Headline Review		English				ZZZ000000
9781842556795	Ballet Shoes	Noel Streatfeild		Pauline, Petrova and Posy are found as orphaned babies in different parts of the world by eccentric fossil collector and explorer Gum. He adopts them, takes them to his London home and leaves them in the care of his niece Sylvia and the family Nurse. Then off he goes to continue his exploring, saying that he'll be back in five years' time. When the three little girls are old enough, they choose the surname Fossil for themselves and vow to make the name famous.At first they lead privileged and sheltered lives. But when Gum fails to return after five years, Sylvia's money begins to run out. First she is forced to take in some boarders - an engaging and eclectic mix of characters - but then she decides that the girls should go to acting school. This way they will be able to earn some money before they grow up.Pauline adores the school, as she dreams of becoming an actress. Petrova hates it, all she wants to do is learn about cars and planes and engines. Posy loves it too - she is born to be a dancer and the school is the perfect place for her.	2007-11-30	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780349121123	The Gardens of the Dead	William Brodrick		Elizabeth Glendinning QC has lost faith in the legal system. In an attempt to restore it, she has secretly devised a scheme to bring back to court a guilty man ? Graham Riley ? whom she had successfully defended some ten years before. As part of an elaborate contingency plan, Elizabeth leaves the unsuspecting Father Anselm with a key to a safety deposit box, to be opened in the event of her death. Three weeks later she is found dead in the East End of London and, once the box has been opened, a chain of events is triggered as if from beyond the grave, leading Anselm to fulfil what Elizabeth has begun.A powerful portrait of the dark heart of London and a tense thriller, THE GARDENS OF THE DEAD confirms William Brodrick's growing critical reputation.	2008-09-04	Abacus		English				FIC022000
9780753826973	I Do Not Come to You by Chance	Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani		Kingsley is fresh out of university, eager to find an engineering job so he can support his family and marry the girl of his dreams. Being the opara of the family, he is entitled to certain privileges - a piece of meat in his egusi soup, a party to celebrate his graduation. But times are hard in Nigeria and jobs are not easy to come by.For much of his young life, Kingsley believed that education was everything, that through wisdom, all things were possible. But when a tragedy befalls his family, Kingsley learns the hardest lesson of all: education may be the language of success in his country, but it is money that does the talking. In desperation he turns to his uncle, Boniface-aka Cash Daddy-an exuberant character who suffers from elephantiasis of the pocket. He is also rumoured to run a successful empire of email scams. But he can help. With Cash Daddy's intervention, Kingsley and his family can be as safe as a tortoise under its shell. It is up to Kingsley now, to reconcile his passion for knowledge with his hunger for money, to fully assume his role of first son. But can he do it without being drawn into this outlandish milieu?	2010-03-04	PHOENIX		English				FIC000000
9780575082663	Kitty Takes a Holiday	Carrie Vaughn		Kitty Norville's established herself as a DJ, with her midnight talk show Kitty's Midnight Hour, been forced into revealing herself to the nation as a werewolf and testified to the Senate about the supernatural denizens of the USA, but now it's time to lay low in a remote Colorado cabin and work on her memoirs. Her plans get derailed when sexy werewolf hunter Cormac Bennett shows up with her lawyer, Ben O'Farrell, who's been bitten and is about to turn into a werewolf himself. But Kitty's hideaway is neither as peaceful nor as secret as she hopes, for barbed-wire crosses start showing up all over the place, and, worse, gruesome animal sacrifices are left at her door. Someone wants them gone, and it's up to Kitty and Cormac to find out who's stalking them - before someone gets really hurt . . .	2008-06-12	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780747232728	Midnight	Dean R. Koontz		A chilling mystery thriller from bestselling author Dean Koontz. What is the dark secret that haunts Moonlight Cove? A string of inexplicable deaths has occurred in this picturesque coastal town; sinister, shadowy figures stalk the streets in the dead of night and four people are drawn together by terrifying circumstance: A young woman determined to find the truth behind her sister's suicide; an undercover federal agent; a child on the run from her parents and a wheelchair-bound veteran. As darkness descends, these four must confront the chilling nightmare of Moonlight Cove...	1989	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780747261292	Simply divine	Wendy Holden		Champagne D'Vyne is a celebrity socialite with a charmed life and a mania for men, money and fame. Jane is a twenty-something journalist with an ordinary life - man stress, work stress and a spare tyre that won't go away. As their contrasting worlds become bizarrely intertwined, Jane realises that the blonde, busty and blatantly ambitious Champagne will let nothing come between her and what she wants. Least of all Jane. Meanwhile, in a crumbling country manor in the West Country, everything's falling apart for Jane's best friend Tally. The family seat is collapsing - money's too tight to mansion - her brother the heir has gone AWOL and her mother's a New Age hippy with a Red Indian boyfriend called Big Horn. Tally desperately needs a rich and handsome husband to save her beloved ancestral home. Then Jane gets a brilliant new job. A knight on a gold chargecard turns up for Tally. Life finally looks blissful for both of them. But Champagne D'Vyne has other ideas...	1999-07-08	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780751505603	Summer's end	Danielle Steel		Deanna believed she had everything she'd ever wanted. Diamonds, a beautiful home, a handsome, successful husband who adored her. But Marc-Edouard led a jet-set life as an international lawyer and for three months - summer - Deanna would be alone. Until Ben found her. And together they found happiness on sun-drenched beaches. But they knew their dream had to end. They also knew that they couldn't live without each other. But Deanna and Ben hadn't foreseen the devastating changes that would happen to them by the time they faced.summer's end.	1994-08-04	Warner		English				FIC027020
9780749926472	Tales from the Top,10 Vital Questions Every Leader Must Answer to Stay on Top of the Game	Graham Alexander		Tales from the Top is a book to motivate every busy executive. Graham Alexander throws open the boardroom doors and divulges, for the first time, the proven techniques he uses to evoke change and action in thousands of leaders and teams. Top lead	2006-08-25	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780753824634	The Lighted Rooms	Richard Mason		Joan McAllistair is about to embark on the 'Trip of a Lifetime' with her daughter Eloise; a journey back to her childhood South Africa and the family homestead in the old Boer Republic of the Orange Free State.For Eloise, the trip is partly a gift, partly a means of assuaging her guilt at moving her mother into a care home. For Joan, the discovery of her grandmother's journal transports her to the troubled times of the Anglo-Boer war. Eloise, in the meantime, has gambled her business's entire fortune on a promise made by an old lover.As their stories unravel, Joan takes increasing refuge in the landscape of her mind - in journeys to her own past. She also finds an unexpected friend in a lonely teenager who shares her fascination with history.	2008-01-01	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780340671771	The regulators	Richard Bachman		Poplar Street is just an ordinary street in an ordinary town, except there's something strange about Audrey Wyler's nephew. When the strange-looking vans arrive a surreal nightmare begins which threatens to turn the familiar street into a wasteland of devastation and desperation.	1997	New English Library		English				ZZZ000000
9780340920954	The stand	Stephen King		In the exciting build-up to publication of Stephen King's new mainstream novel, LISEY'S STORY, Hodder are launching their King Classics Campaign -" starting with 6 of the most popular titles, CARRIE, THE SHINING, BAG OF BONES, CHRISTINE, THE STAND, MISERY. These titles will be published for the first time in B-format paperback, in a stunning new livery.	1990	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780747265658	Caroline's sister	Sheila O'Flanagan		To her younger sister, Tessa, Caroline O'Shaughnessy has everything - great looks, easy charm, and the distinctly desirable Damien Woods. But for Caroline, things don't feel quite so rosy. She'd dreamed about moving in with Damien, but not about having his child, just yet. And though he did the honourable thing when she told him she was pregnant, it obviously wasn't what he wanted either. And as both of them struggle to make the best of a bad job, neither are prepared for the impact a moment of drunken indiscretion will have not just on their lives but on Tessa's too...	2003-03-06	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9781841496689	Dark Heart	Russell Kirkpatrick		Noetos and his reluctant companion are on the run, as the Recruiters hunger for the powerful artefact that Noetos keeps hidden - and they won't be denied. When the weather turns destructive, Noetos finds it easier to cover his tracks. But, however useful this might be, it's a warning that something is deeply wrong with the world.A continent away, Lenares leads the Cosmographers following the death of her mistress. Through her uncanny affinity with numbers, Lenares can also sense this wrongness. Trained to detect the presence of the Gods, she can find no evidence of the Father - he is missing, but is it possible that a god could be dead? And if so, could the resulting imbalance be the cause of the worsening cataclysms?But these are only pieces of the puzzle, and the reality is far stranger than they imagine.	2008-12-04	Orbit		English				FIC009000
9780749937478	Dark Prince	Christine Feehan		Praise for Christine Feehan: 'Feehan has a knack for bringing vampiric Carpathians to vivid, virile life in her Dark Carpathian novels...Feehan creat[es] a romance that feels both destined and believable.' Publishers Weekly	2007-01-25	Piatkus Books		English				FIC027000
9780749936877	Dark Side of the Moon	Sherrilyn Kenyon		Susan Michaels is a reporter on a mission to resurrect her professional reputation. and she only has to brave her cat allergy at a local animal shelter to follow the lead that could get her off the tabloid beat forever. But she gets more than she bargained for when she inadvertently adopts one of the cats...As soon as she gets home the cat turns into a gorgeous naked man. Ravyn is entirely unique - a Were-Hunter who became a Dark-Hunter as well. Suddenly, Susan is pulled into Ravyn's mysterious world - one full of danger and magic. And, despite the way he makes her sneeze, despite the danger that swirls around him, she can't resist him...	2006-06-08	Piatkus Books		English				FIC009000
9780752893464	Dead Connection	Alafair Burke&Alafair		When two young women are murdered on the streets of Manhattan - exactly one year apart, both after dates arranged through an online dating website - Detective Ellie Hatcher is moved to a special assignment on the elite homicide task force. The killer has left behind a taunting hint connecting the two cases, and Flann McIlroy, an eccentric and publicity-seeking homicide detective, is convinced that Ellie is uniquely situated to help him pursue a terrifying theory: someone is using the lure of the internet and the promise of love to launch a killing spree against the women of New York City.Ellie's involvement in the investigation is personal. She fits the profile of the victims and knows what the pursuit of a sociopath can do to a cop - her own father spent his life trying to identify a notorious serial killer. When the killer begins to parallel the conduct of the murderer who consumed her father, Ellie knows it has also become personal for him, too. In a dangerous game where she is both hunter and prey, Ellie's only choice is to find the killer before he claims his next victim - who Ellie knows could very well be herself.	2008-06-26	Orion Books Limited		English				FIC030000
9781841495729	Dwarves	Markus Heitz		For countless millennia, no man or beast has ever succeeded in breaching the stone gateway into Girdlegard. Until now . . .Abandoned as a child, Tungdil the blacksmith is the only dwarf in a kingdom of men. But when he is sent out into the world to deliver a message and reacquaint himself with his people, the young foundling finds himself thrust into a battle for which he has not been trained. Not only his own safety, but the life of every man, woman and child in Girdlegard depends upon his ability to embrace his heritage. Although he has many unanswered questions, Tungdil is certain of one thing: no matter where he was raised, he is a true dwarf.And no one has ever questioned the courage of the Dwarves.	2009-08-06	Little, Brown Book Group		English				ZZZ000000
9781857239980	Ender's shadow	Orson Scott Card		Ender Wiggin was not the only young general trained to defend Earth from a terrifying alien threat. Many others had a part to play. But for one of them, it was to prove crucial.No one knew his real name, but they called him Bean. His early life was a fight just to survive. Even living on the streets, however, his extraordinary talents did not escape the attention of the Battle School recruiters. For in his they recognised a master strategist. Someone who could become Ender's right hand. This is the story of the boy who became Ender's Shadow.	2000-08-03	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9780747262374	Far from over	Sheila O'Flanagan		Gemma Garvey's marriage has been over for ages. Gemma ended it and chose to be a single mother rather than continue the pretence that her marriage to work-obsessed David Hennessy was working. So why is she so upset when he marries bimbo Orla O'Neill? Is it that Orla's thin and gorgeous whilst Gemma at 35 feels more like 55? Or that David's starting a new life whilst she's facing middle age alone? For Orla being wife no. 2 isn't all she's imagined, always aware of how Gemma coped with a house, family and job while she can't even cook dinner without setting the kitchen alight. To David, who has loved them both, there isn't a problem. But the trouble's just begun...	2000-05-04	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780575083042	Fevre Dream	George R. R. Martin		Abner Marsh has had his dearest wish come true - he has built the Fevre Dream, the finest steamship ever to sail the Mississippi. Abner hopes to race the boat some day, but his partner is making it hard for him to realise his ambition. Joshua York put up the money for the Fevre Dream, but now rumours have started about the company he keeps, his odd eating habits and strange hours. As the Dream sails the great river, it leaves in its wake one too many dark tales, until Abner is forced to face down the man who helped to make his dreams become reality.	2008-08-07	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780755339174	Fire and Sword	Simon Scarrow		In the early years of the nineteenth century, Arthur Wellesley (elevated to Viscount Wellington in the course of the novel) and Napoleon Bonaparte are well-established as men of military genius. Wellesley has returned from India, where his skill and bravery made a remarkable impression on his superiors. He faces trials and tribulations on the political scene before becoming embroiled militarily in Copenhagen, then Portugal and finally Spain. Napoleon, established as Emperor, is cementing his control on Europe, intending finally to crush his hated foe across the Channel: Britain. The time is fast approaching when Wellington and Napoleon will come face to face in confrontation and only one man can emerge victorious...	2009-03-17	Headline Review		English				ZZZ000000
9781848540880	The Hair of the Dog,And Other Scientific Surprises	Karl Sabbagh&Karl		Science is full of surprises: the peculiar peepshow beginnings of baby incubators; the unexpected positive fallout from the H-bomb; the dinosaurs that caused sonic booms; the irrational nature of the number pi; the fifth taste sensation lurking in everyone's taste buds which nobody knew about (except for the Japanese).Whilst shedding light on these conundrums, Karl Sabbagh shows that seemingly trivial queries or assumptions lead to a deeper understanding of how science works. Who would have thought that scientists would turn to the hypothesis 'All swans are white' to determine the stability of the entire universe? Or that if we choose to spend our hard-earned money on other people it might make us happier than if we spend it on ourselves?	2009-11-12	John Murray		English				SCI000000
9781841493213	The Harlequin,Anita Blake Vampire Hunter	Laurell K. Hamilton		The first warning is unexpected, calculated. Malcolm, head of the vampire Church of Eternal Life, is no friend to Anita Blake. So when he asks for help, against creatures so feared that no vampire will willingly speak their name, Anita is surprised. But the Harlequin require different rules. The second warning is presented like a gift, with 'Anita' printed on the box. Inside, carefully wrapped in folds of pristine tissue paper, is a plain white mask. The fact that it's white is good news. White means they are only being watched. The power connecting Anita with Jean-Claude, vampire Master of the City and Richard, Ulfric of the werewolves, has been increasing exponentially and this has attracted very unwelcome attention. Anita Blake has the authority to pass judgment on vampires. The Harlequin have the authority to pass judgment on her. It is forbidden to speak of the Harlequin unless you've been contacted. And to be contacted by The Harlequin is to be under sentence of death.	2008-01-01	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780755304257	Monday's child	Louise Bagshawe		According to the old rhyme, 'Monday's child is fair of face' - but life isn't always so simple. Gorgeous goddesses seem to surround script-reader and wannabe movie-maker Anna Brown - from her deranged glamour-queen boss to her perfect, pouting flat-mates - for Anna, being less-than-beautiful is very hard to bear. With a dead-end job and a ghastly boyfriend to boot, she wonders if she can ever be a success. In fashion and beauty crazed London, perhaps being talented just isn't enough. Enter Mark Swan, Britain's hottest director. Rugged, reclusive and powerful, everybody wants a piece of him - from studio heads to supermodels. He could be Anna's ticket to the top, but how can she ever hope to snag such a big star? Fed up of being downbeat and dowdy, Anna decides to chase her dreams and, with a little help from her friends, embarks on a madcap scheme to get just what she's after...	2004-10-11	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780751505504	Now and forever	Danielle Steel		Although Jessica and Ian Clarke have been married seven years, they insist the thrill and excitement haven't dimmed. At Jessica's urging, Ian has quit his advertising job to become a struggling writer, and she supports him with her successful San Francisco boutique. Ian's financial dependence on Jessica upsets him more than he admits, and in a moment of bored malaise, Ian's first casual indiscretion will create a nightmare that threatens everything Jessica and Ian have carefully built. What he does changes their lives, and them, perhaps forever, as they struggle to pay the price of his foolhardy affair.	1994-03-03	Warner		English				FIC027020
9780349118451	The People on Privilege Hill	Jane Gardam		It is a wet day in Dorset, and walking to a luncheon party is Sir Edward Feathers QC, followed by two elderly friends: his scruffy neighbour and sparring partner, Veneering, and Fiscal-Smith, the meanest lawyer ever to make a fortune at the Bar. Fans of Jane Gardam's bestselling novel, OLD FILTH, will be delighted to encounter Filth, now almost ninety, making his immaculate way to Privilege Hill, named perhaps for the Prive-Lieges who arrived with the Normans, but more probably for the village privies.Ranging from a Victorian mansion converted into a home for unmarried mothers to a wartime hospital in the middle of the Blitz, from ghost stories to brilliant observations of love and loneliness in their various manifestations - including, in ls"Pangbourners", a woman who falls in love with a gorilla - to reflections on the haphazard nature of intellect and memories in 'The Last Reunion', the stories in this collection mix Jane Gardam's trademark sardonic wit with a delicate tenderness and a touch of the surreal.	2008	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9781846165061	Chrissie the Wish Fairy	Daisy Meadows		Chrissie the Wish Fairy has a very important job -" each year, she comes to the human world to hide her three magical wish items so that Christmas wishes come true. She loves her visits, but this year it's not entirely fun -" she has to protect her magic objects from the goblins! Jack Frost is eager to get his hands on the items and make some wishes himself. Can Rachel and Kirsty come to Chrissie's aid before it's too late?	2007-01-01	Orchard Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781408300251	Shannon the Ocean Fairy	Daisy Meadows		It's the summer holidays and Rachel and Kirsty are visiting Kirsty's grandma, who lives by the sea. After discovering a magical shell on the beach and being whisked away to Fairyland, the girls discover that the fairies need their help. Naughty Jack Frost has stolen Fairyland's three enchanted pearls and this is causing chaos in the oceans and mixing up daytime and night-time! The girls must help Shannon the Ocean Fairy explore a magical underwater world (meeting many strange and wonderful sea-creatures along the way!), outwit Jack Frost and his goblin henchmen, and return each of the enchanted pearls to their rightful place...	2008-05-08	Orchard Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781843629580	India the moonstone fairy	Daisy Meadows&Georgie Ripper		Rainbow Magic has sold over a million copies since May 2003 - Eye-catching foiled covers and delightful illustrations - Fairies are a popular theme for girls of this age	2005-09-08	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781843626336	Crystal the snow fairy	Daisy Meadows&Georgie Ripper		Crystal, the snow fairy must find her magical feather in order to stop snowfall in summer.	2004-05-06	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781843626367	Evie the mist fairy	Daisy Meadows&Georgie Ripper		Jack Frost has promised not to trouble the Rainbow Fairies again, but he didn't say anything about the weather fairies! Now he has stolen the feathers from the weather-vane cockerel in charge of the weather. It's up to Rachel and Kirsty to get each of the feathers back from Jack Frost's goblins, with a little bit of help from the weather fairies: Crystal the Snow Fairy, Wendy the Wind Fairy, Pearl the Cloud Fairy, Goldy the Sunshine Fairy, Evie the Mist Fairy, Storm the Lightning Fairy and Hayley the Rain Fairy.	2004-05-06	Orchard Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780575084865	Ravensoul	James Barclay		What would you do if a stranger came to your door claiming to be your best friend. A best friend who you saw die ten years before? The Unknown Warrior has spent the last ten years mourning the dead of the legendary mecernary band The Raven. Reluctant ruler of Balaia he has also presided over the gradual recovery of the land after the devastation of the Demonstorm. The one other surviving member of The Raven, Denser has spent the years rebuilding Xetesk to be the dominant college of magic. But something is very wrong. There are rumours of the dead coming back to life. And the Elves are fleeing their homeland. Something unutterably awful is happening. Something that has spread across all the dimensions. Something that threatens the very essence of the world, that has terrified the spirits of the dead. Brought them back to Balaia. And amongst them The Raven. Desperate, and facing a fight that cannot be won.	2009-08-13	Orion Publishing Group		English				FIC009000
9780751537444	The rise and fall of a yummy mummy	Polly Williams		One woman's battle to fit back into her old self.Amy Crane is in crisis. Six months after the birth of her baby, Amy still looks pregnant and can't remember the last time she had a wax, or an orgasm. Motherhood is stirring up disturbing questions about her own childhood. And she suspects her boyfriend is cheating. Enter Alice, yummy mummy superior, on a mission to transform Amy's body, and love life. As Amy swaps breast pads for Botox and climbs out of a vortex of self-doubt, her libido awakens from its long nap and things get rather more complicated . . . A wonderfully well-written, funny and sharp novel about the trials of playing hip happy families and the contradictions at the heart of modern motherhood. This is one of our most exciting debuts of 2006 and will be launched by an unmissable marketing campaign.	2006-09-26	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9781857988802	Second variety	Philip K. Dick		The stories within SECOND VARIETY were written between 1952 and 1955, while America was in the grip of McCarthyism. The concerns of the time are reflected in stories such as 'Second Variety', which tells of an endless war fought by ever more cunning and sophisticated robots, or 'Imposter' where a man accused of being an alien spy finds his whole identity called into question. Using his marvellously varied, quirky and idiosyncratic style, Dick speaks up for ordinary people against militarism, paranoia and xenophobia.	1999	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780753822272	Self's Deception	Bernhard Schlink		Gerhard Self, the dour private detective, returns in this riveting crime novel about terrorism, governmental cover-up, and the treacherous waters where they mix. Leo Salger, the daughter of a powerful Bonn bureaucrat, is missing, and Self has been hired to find her. His investigation initially leads him to a psych ward at a local hospital, where he is made to believe that Leo fell from a window and died. Self soon discovers, however, that Leo is alive and well and that she was involved in a terrorist incident the government is feverishly trying to keep under wraps. The result is a wildly entertaining, superbly nuanced thriller that follows one detective's desire to uncover the truth, wherever it may lead. From the Trade Paperback edition.	2008	PHOENIX		English				FIC022000
9781841492070	Shadow of the giant	Orson Scott Card		Bean, Ender Wiggins' former right-hand man, has shed his reputation as the smallest student at Battle School. He has completed his military service for the Hegemon, acting as strategist and general in the terrible wars that followed Ender's defeat of the alien empire that attacked Earth. Now he and his wife, Petra, yearn for a safe place to build a family - something he has never known. Yet no such place exists on Earth, a world riddled with Bean's enemies from the past. Once again he must follow in Ender's footsteps and look to the stars.	2006-02-02	Orbit		English				FIC028000
9780446535861	Style A to Zoe,The Art of Fashion, Beauty, & Everything Glamour	Rachel Zoe&Rose Apodaca&Donato Sardella		Have you ever dreamed of having your own red carpet moment? Or wondered how to emulate the effortlessly chic style of the most photographed trendsetters? Or wished you could master the art of all things glamorous? In STYLE A TO ZOE, Hollywood's hottest celebrity stylist, Rachel Zoe, shares her insider tips in this essential guide to the art of a fashionable, behind-the velvet-rope lifestyle. With an eye toward living the luxe life, even if it's on a dime, Zoe zeroes in on the must-have accessories and wardrobe staples for all occasions, when to splurge and save on handbags and heels, how to decorate, entertain, and travel in style. From award shows to advertising campaigns, Zoe is the go-to force among A-list actresses, fashion houses, beauty firms, and magazine editors. Now she offers full access to the style secrets that skyrocketed her famous clients to the top of best-dressed lists worldwide. With the help of some of fashion's biggest names-including Michael Kors, Donatella Versace, and Diane von Furstenberg-Zoe shares her invaluable insights on:Mastering red carpet moments in your own lifeDeveloping a style for work or play that's unstudied and glamorousPersonalizing your own modern look by referencing your favorite style icons and vintage clothesThe importance of the "wow" piece-and how to choose one right for youThrowing a chic dinner party and creating a luxuriously cozy living spacePacking and traveling like a jet-setterEnjoying every day, living it up in style.	2008-09-04	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780755344178	The King of Thieves	Michael Jecks		It's 1325, and Sir Baldwin de Furnshill, Keeper of the King's Peace and his friend Bailiff Simon Puttock are in France to join Prince Edward and Bishop Walter's entourage as they make their journey to the palace of the French king, Charles IV. The Prince must make a demeaning submission in order for the English to keep hold of their French territories. Meanwhile, Queen Isabella has been causing a scandal in the French courts with English traitor Roger Mortimer. The Prince's entourage are delivered into the Queen's custody, but it becomes clear that they have enemies within the palace walls. Simon and Baldwin soon discover a murderous plot that threatens England's future.	2010	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781841813226	Working with Psychic Protection,How to Create Positive, Protective and Healing Energies	Teresa Moorey		Overcoming negative energies to feel confident and happy in every area of your life can be a challenge, but psychic protection can help. Psychic protection has become extremely popular in recent spiritual circles and this guide looks at all aspects of this rapidly evolving subject. This comprehensive introduction to how you can use it in your life also explores the use of blessings in procuring spiritual healing for others. Learn practical strategies for strengthening your physical body alongside your mind, and how to cleanse the spaces around you and use visualizations and psychic shields to full effect.	2007	Godsfield		English				ZZZ000000
9780749940270	Arsetrology,How Your Poo Can Predict Your Future	Harry Holland		Forget the crystal ball - predicting the future is all about the toilet bowl. 'Arsetrology' is a groundbreaking new book which uncovers the hidden depths of your number twos, using the ancient art of poo-reading.If horoscopes and palm-reading are driving you round the u-bend, then panic no more. Sit down, relax, do your thing - and then proudly gaze upon what you have produced to discover what the future has in store. Examine the shape, look and texture of your crap - and then match it up to one of the 'poo runes' to read the long and short of what your shit means.'Arsetrology' will be your indispensable guide to dropping the kids of at the pool. Put it by your throne, and refer to it every time you get the call of nature, to stay one step ahead of the game. Understand your life through the lav, and never underestimate the turd's telling powers again.	2009-10-01	Piatkus Books		English				PSY000000
9780749908997	Born of Ice	Sherrilyn Kenyon		Devyn Kell spent his life in service to the League until he learned of the double dealing and backstabbing that was costing innocent people their lives. Refusing to play those politics, he became a Runner - someone who makes sure planets get the weapons, medicine and supplies they need to survive. May the gods have mercy on any who get in his way, because he definitely won't.Alix Garran is a woman on the run from a past she can't escape. Signing on to work for Devyn as a System's Engineer, she finds a cause she can fight for - and a man she can respect. But as Alix's past catches up to her, and Devyn's old enemies turn lethal, they have to fight together...or fall alone.	2009-12-03	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780753819517	By the light of my father's smile,a story of requited love, crossing over, and the sexual healing of the soul	Alice Walker		'All your life you have the necessary illusion that you know all there is to know about heartbreak. I hate to the one to tell you about the heartbreak you will experience after you die...'A family goes to the remote sierras of Mexico - the writer-to--be Susannah; her sister Magdalena; their father and mother. There, amid indigenous people called the Mundo, they begin an encounter that will change them more than they ever could have dreamed. This is a deeply sensual novel that explores the richness of female sexuality as a celebration of life, affirming the belief 'that it is the triumphant heart, not the conquered heart, that forgives. And that love is both timeless and beyond'.	2005	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780749938468	Dark celebration,a Carpathian reunion	Christine Feehan		'Carpathians are an immortal race of beings with animal instincts and the ability to shape shift. Every Carpathian male is drawn to a life mate: a woman - Carpathian or human - able to provide the light to his darkness. Without her, the beast within slowly consumes the man until turning into a vampire is the only option.'Mikhail Dubrinsky, Prince of the Carpathians, fears he can't protect his people from the extinction of their species - a fate that has become the wicked prayer of his enemies, who plot to slaughter all Carpathian females. Mikhail's lifemate, Raven, and their daughter, Savannah, are both vulnerable to the encroaching evil, but all is not lost. In this desperate season, Carpathian's from around the world are gathering to join their strengths, their souls and their powers.But so too are their adversaries uniting - hunters, vampires, demons and betrayers - bringing untold dangers into the fold of the Carpathian people	2007-10-04	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780575084636	Five Great Novels	Philip K. Dick		This volume contains DO ANDROIDS DREAM OF ELECTRIC SHEEP? (filmed as BLADERUNNER), MARTIAN TIME SLIP, UBIK, THE THREE STIGMATA OF PALMER ELDRITCH and A SCANNER DARKLY. Taken together they represent the best of Philip K. Dick's unique imagination. In Dick's writing nothing is what it seems, our sense of the world's order is fatally undermined and mass media tells us nothing but artful lies. Films such as THE MATRIX and THE TRUMAN SHOW would not have been made but for Philip K. Dick. His work has never been more timely.	2008-09-25	GOLLANCZ		English				FIC028000
9780340836880	Piece of my heart	Peter Robinson		The year is 1969. Rock 'n' roll, psychedelic drugs, and peace-loving hippies are thriving in Britain. But in the aftermath of a rock music festival, cold reality strikes when a woman is found murdered. Detective Inspector Stanley Chadwick is the hard-headed, straitlaced copper assigned to the case who must reluctantly enter a counterculture world to find a killer. In the present day, Detective Chief Inspector Alan Banks is called to the scene of a murder victim who turns out to be a freelance journalist working on a piece about a classic rock band. Since the sixties the band has gone through a number of tragedies, but they have revamped their sound and are set to embark on their first big concert tour in years. As only he can, Peter Robinson has created a novel that is as explosive as your favorite rock album and a plot that moves at breakneck speed, traversing through the tumultuous swinging sixties to present day and back again.	2007-03-08	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781408300343	Gabriella the Snow Kingdom Fairy,Rainbow Magic	Daisy Meadows		Gabriella the Snow Kingdom Fairy makes Christmas a sparkly, cosy and happy time with her three magical objects ' the Magic Snowflake, the Magic Firestone and the Festive Spirit. But Jack Frost and his goblins have stolen them! Can Kirsty and Rachel help Gabriella find the objects before Christmas is ruined for everyone...?	2008-10-02	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781843629542	Scarlett the garnet fairy	Daisy Meadows&Georgie Ripper		Disaster has struck Fairyland! Jack Frost has stolen all the jewels from Queen Titania's crown. Each stone controls a particular aspect of fairy magic. Without them, the fairies can't use their magic fairy dust or make pictures in ponds of water. They can't even fly! The fairies can't let the power disappear from fairyland into Jack Frost's evil hands. Rachel and Kirsty have to help India the Moonstone Fairy, Scarlett the Garnet Fairy, Emily the Emerald Fairy, Chloe the Topaz Fairy, Amy the Amethyst Fairy, Sophie the Sapphire Fairy, and Lucy the Diamond Fairy - to get the jewels back...before it's too late.	2005-09-08	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781846161698	Lauren the puppy fairy	Daisy Meadows		Fairyland in uproar! Jack Frost has stolen the Pet Fairies magical pets. Without them, the Pet Fairies can't ensure that pets in the human world find the right owners. So it's vital that the Pet Fairies get their magic pets back. The pets have escaped from Jack Frost's ice castle and are roaming the human world. Rachel and Kirsty have to help Katie the Kitten Fairy, Harriet the Hamster Fairy, Georgia the Guinea Pig Fairy, Lauren the Puppy Fairy, Emma the Bunny Fairy, Penny the Pony Fairy and Molly the Goldfish Fairy - to get the pets back...before it's too late.	2006-04-06	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9780749937195	A Rogue's Proposal	Stephanie Laurens		Demon Cynster has seen love bring his brethren to their knees, and he's vowed that he will not share their fate - until he spies Felicity Parteger sneaking around his country estate. Demon remembers Felicity as a mere chit of a girl, but now she stands before him - begging for his help - all lush curves, sparkling eyes - and so temptingly worthy of the love he's vowed never to surrender to any woman. Felicity knew Demon was one of the ton's most eligible bachelors and a rogue of the worst sort, but he was the only one capable of getting her friend out of trouble. Her fascination with him had nothing to do with the power lurking just beneath his devil-may-care facade - or with the desire that flares when he takes her in his arms. She knows he'll never yield to her the love she desperately seeks, but could a marriage with passion alone - even with a man like Demon - be enough?	2007-04-05	Piatkus Books		English				FIC027000
9780340951477	Salem's Lot	Stephen King&Jerry N. Uelsmann		Upon its initial publication in 1975, 'SALEM'S LOT, with its 'intended echoes of Dracula ', was recognized as a landmark work. The novel has sold millions of copies in various editions. Now, with the addition of fifty pages of material deleted from the 1975 manuscript as well as material that has since been modified by King, an introduction by him, and two short stories related to the events of the novel, this edition represents the text as the author envisioned it. It also features lavishly creepy photographs by acclaimed photographer Jerry Uelsmann, printed interior endpapers, and a stunning page design.	2007-10-04	Hodder And Stoughton Ltd.		English				ZZZ000000
9780340919712	Selfish Pigs	Andy Riley&Andy		Back on the farm, the pigs are restless, and pissed. Smoking, pork-eating, overweight and without any s**t to roll in, these pigs aren't your cuddly, oinking kind of farmyard brother. They are mean and they are angry. From the genius behind the bestselling BUNNY SUICIDES series comes a hilarious new collection of illustrations that confirms all our worst fears: the pigs won't take it lying down.	2009-11	Hachette Group		English				HUM000000
9780755337552	Stardust	Neil Gaiman		A stunning new package for this film tie-in edition - and the film cast is to die for! Life moves at a leisurely pace in the tiny town of Wall - named after the imposing stone barrier which separates the town from a grassy meadow. Here, young Tristan Thorn has lost his heart to the beautiful Victoria Forester and for the coveted prize of her hand, Tristan vows to retrieve a fallen star and deliver it to his beloved. It is an oath that sends him over the ancient wall and into a world that is dangerous and strange beyond imagining...	2007-10-31	Headline		English				FIC009000
9780349105864	Strange fits of passion	Anita Shreve		A young and successful journalist working in New York, Maureen English appears to have the perfect life and family. But Maureen's husband, a highly respected fellow reporter, has in private a tendency towards alcohol and violent abuse. When the situation at home becomes unbearable, Maureen takes her baby daughter and flees.In a Maine fishing town she assumes a new identity and spends six weeks battling sub-zero temperatures, intrusive townsfolk and fear of discovery. Against the force of the wintry sea - the cawing of gulls, the lobstermen hauling their catch, the press of waves against the rocks - Maureen settles into the rhythms of a new life. But this calming respite is about to come crashing to an end . . .	2003-06-05	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780719564543	The secret life of words,how English became English	Henry Hitchings		Words are essential to our everyday lives. An average person spends his or her day enveloped in conversations, e-mails, phone calls, text messages, directions, headlines, and more. But how often do we stop to think about the origins of the words we use? Have you ever thought about which words in English have been borrowed from Arabic, Dutch, or Portuguese? Try "admiral," "landscape, "and "marmalade, "just for starters. "The Secret Life of Words "is a wide-ranging account not only of the history of English language and vocabulary, but also of how words witness history, reflect social change, and remind us of our past. Henry Hitchings delves into the insatiable, ever-changing English language and reveals how and why it has absorbed words from more than 350 other languages--many originating from the most unlikely of places, such as "shampoo "from Hindi and "kiosk "from Turkish. From the Norman Conquest to the present day, Hitchings narrates the story of English as a living archive of our human experience. He uncovers the secrets behind everyday words and explores the surprising origins of our most commonplace expressions. "The Secret Life of Words "is a rich, lively celebration of the language and vocabulary that we too often take for granted.	2008-01	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780316013123	The Self-Esteem Trap,Raising Confident and Compassionate Kids in an Age of Self-Importance	Polly Young-Eisendrath		Kids today are depressed and anxious. They also feel entitled to every advantage and unwilling to make the leap into adulthood. As Polly Young-Eisendrath makes clear in this brilliant account of where a generation has gone astray, parents trying to make their children feel special are unwittingly interfering with their kids' ability to accept themselves and cope with life. Clarifying an enormous cultural change, THE SELFESTEEM TRAP shows why so many young people have trouble with empathy and compassion, struggle with moral values, and are stymied in the face of adversity. Young-Eisendrath off ers prescriptive advice on how adults can help kids-through the teen and young adult years-develop self-worth, setting them on the right track to productive, balanced, and happy lives.	2009-09-02	Little, Brown and Company		English				ZZZ000000
9780749942533	The Waterfall Diet,Lose Up to 14 Pounds in 7 Days by Controlling Water Retention	Linda Lazarides		Do you eat next to nothing and exercise for hours every week, but find it impossible to lose weight? Do your friends seem to eat what they like, but if you so much as look at a cake you pile on the pounds? If so, your problem may not be too much fat but too much fluid. THE WATERFALL DIET is a revolution in dieting. Linda Lazarides reveals that many women who are trying to lose weight (40% of the female population) would lose weight more effectively if they controlled fluid retention. Linda shows you how to easily identify if fluid retention is your problem and help you to safely lose a stone in seven days. This revised and updated edition focuses more attention to the health benefits of dealing with water retention, which is a major cause of high blood pressure as well as overweight. It is also more practical, as the author proves a 7-day menu plan and provides clearer instructions on how to follow the diet. The new edition will also include a section on water retention in pregnancy and testimonials and feedback from flowers of THE WATERFAL DIET.	2010-01-05	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749923679	Working with Earth Energies,How to Tap Into the Healing Powers of the Natural World	David Furlong		In the 21st century we have become so reliant on science and man-made environments that growing numbers of people are nownbsp;trying to reconnect withnbsp;the planet, a place that needs to feel our love and respect.nbsp;This guidenbsp;teaches you how to connect not only with plants and trees, but with sacred sites and the love and energy of the Earth itself.nbsp; Basic exercises and instructions teach readers how to work with sacred sites and Earth power centers; how to communicate with the spirits of nature; how to balance the energy of your home and environment;nbsp;how to clear the energy of a place after a traumatic event;nbsp;how to release ghosts and lost souls;nbsp;and how to protect yourself and reverse spells and rituals.	2003-03-31	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780753822869	A Perfect Mess,The Hidden Benefits of Disorder	Eric Abrahamson&David H. Freedman		Like the bestselling Freakonomics or Blink, here is a book that combines a professor's expertise with stories from everyday life to provide a striking new view of how our world works. Ever since Einstein's study of Brownian Motion, scientists have understood that a little disorder actually makes systems more effective. But most people still shun disorder, or suffer guilt over the mess they can't avoid. No longer! With a spectacular array of anecdotes and case studies of the useful role mess can play, here is an antidote to the accepted wisdom that tight schedules, neatness and consistency are the keys to success. Drawing on examples from business, parenting, cooking, the war on terrorism, retail and even the meteoric career of Arnold Schwarzenegger, co-authors Abrahamson and Freedman demonstrate that moderately messy systems use resources more efficiently, yield better solutions and are harder to break than neat ones. A PERFECT MESS will help readers assess what the right amount of disorder is for a given system, and how to apply these ideas on to a large scale - government or society - and on a small scale - (in your attic, kitchen or office). A PERFECT MESS will forever change the way we think about those unruly heaps of paper on our desks.	2007-12-01	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780749909239	Burn	Linda Howard		When Jenner Redwine wins a lottery jackpot things get tough: her father rips her off and disappears; her fortune-hunting boyfriend soon becomes her ex; and friends-turned-freeloaders give her the cold shoulder when she stops paying for everything. Jenner can't imagine finding a place in the world of the wealthy. But now, seven years later, she's rubbing elbows with the privileged, despite the fact she still feels like a party crasher. When her ally, the shy, kind-hearted heiress Sydney Hazlett, invites her on a charity cruise aboard a luxury liner, Jenner reluctantly agrees, not realising that danger lies ahead. Taken hostage by a menacing stranger, Jenner must cooperate in a mysterious cloak-and-dagger scheme, or else. But as her panic gives way to exhilaration, and fear of her captor turns to fascination, Jenner rediscovers feelings she hasn't had in years - and realises she's found a life worth living. If she survives.	2009-10-01	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780349112459	The Business	Iain Banks		Kate Telman is a senior executive officer in The Business, a powerful and massively discreet transglobal organisation whose origins predate the Christian Church. Financially transparent, internally democratic, it wants to buy its own State to gain a seat at the United Nations.Kate's job is to keep abreast of current technological developments and her global reach stretches from Silicon Valley to the remote Himalayas. In the course of her journey Kate must peel away layers of emotional insulation and the assumptions of a lifetime. She must learn to control the world at arm's length.To take control, she has to do The Business.	2000	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780749937676	Dark Legend	Christine Feehan		For two thousand years Carpathian twins Gabriel and Lucian were vampire hunters. But then, Lucian turned vampire, forcing Gabriel to hunt him. Lucian and Gabriel battled each other for centuries until two hundred years ago, when Gabriel sacrificed his freedom, trapping Lucian and himself in the earth of a Parisian cemetery. Now, modern construction work within the cemetery has disturbed their resting place and Gabriel and his dark brother Lucian are raised from the rubble.Weakened and in desperate need of blood, Gabriel fears he will lose his own soul before he can restore his strength. Fate is on his side when Francesca, a uniquely gifted healer, comes to his aid. Gabriel instantly recognises that she is his lifemate, and must convince Francesca before it is too late: Lucian is on their trail, and will let nothing stand in the way of his eternal conflict with his brother	2007-08	Piatkus Books		English				FIC000000
9780751538120	Exit Strategy	Kelley Armstrong		From the author of the acclaimed Women of the Otherworld series comes an exciting new heroine whose most secret identity is both lucrative...and lethal. Regulars at Nadia's nature lodge don't ask what she does in the off-season. And that's a good thing. If she told them, she'd have to kill them. She's a hit woman for a Mafia family. Tough and self-sufficient, Nadia doesn't owe anyone any explanations. But that doesn't mean she always works alone. One of her contacts has recruited her in the hunt for a ruthlessly efficient serial killer cutting a swath of terror across the country. The assassin is far too skilled to be an amateurand the precision of the killings is bringing the Feds much too close to the hit man community for comfort. To put an end to the murders, Nadia will have to turn herself from predator to prey as she employs every trick she knows to find the killer. Before the killer finds her... From the Paperback edition.	2007	Sphere		English				FIC000000
9781857989380	Flowers for Algernon	Daniel Keyes		Charlie Gordon, IQ 68, is a floor sweeper, and the gentle butt of everyone's jokes, until an experiment in the enhancement of human intelligence turns him into a genius. But then Algernon, the mouse whose triumphal experimental tranformation preceded his, fades and dies, and Charlie has to face the possibility that his salvation was only temporary.	2000-01-13	Millennium		English				FIC028000
9780755348305	Have You Seen Her?	Karen Rose		De jacht op de seriemoordenaar van schoolmeisjes leidt tot een steeds hartstochtelijker relatie tussen een politieman en een lerares..	2010-01	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9781841493152	The high lord	Trudi Canavan		Fantasy-roman.	2004-11-04	Orbit		English				FIC009000
9781603201322	The Kennedys,End of a Dynasty	Robert Sullivan		With the passing of Edward Moore Kennedy on August 25, 2009, a climactic chapter in a thunderous American political saga came to an end, a chapter that featured the very greatest triumphs and the darkest tragedies. In this commemorative book, the Kennedys' remarkable story is retold-the clan's rise from the grinding poverty of America's immigrant stock to the highest reaches of power and influence. With the driven patriarch Joe piloting the political machine, the second son of the Kennedy's greatest generation, Jack, achieved the unthinkable and became the nation's first Catholic president. The came Bobby and Ted-cultural icons as much as legislators, each of the men instantly knowable by his first name-and the Kennedy's epic extended, with ever more glory and ever more sorrow. In this new book from the editors of LIFE, the constant drama of the Kennedy tale are captured in a riveting narrative and characteristically stunning photography, much of which first appeared in the pages of the renowned magazine. The great moments on the public stage are here, as are intimate photographs of warm family gatherings on Cape Cod and at Hickory Hill. In LIFE The Kennedys, which gives a complete account starting with the desperate 19th century flight from the famine in Ireland through the late senator's recent funeral, all the characters come to life-the legendary politician called Honey Fitz; the ruthless Joe; the matriarch Rose; the charismatic Joe Jr., killed in World War II; the famous trio of brothers; their remarkable sisters, including the heroic Eunice Kennedy Shriver, who died just before her younger brother in August; the next generation-John Jr., Caroline, Bobby Jr. and their many kin-who have also experienced life's joy and pain. The Kennedys have legions of Americans who are devoted to them and their legacy, and, yes, they have their detractors. But one point is inarguable: In the history of our country, there has never been a family like them. Their story is truly Shakespearean. In these pages, that story comes vibrantly to life.	2009-10-06	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9781841490595	Look to windward	Iain Banks		It was one of the less glorious incidents of a long-ago war. It led to the destruction of two suns and the billions of lives they supported. Now, eight hundred years later, the light from the first of those ancient mistakes has reached the Culture Orbital, Masaq'. The light from the second may not.	2001	Orbit		English				FIC028000
9781843629559	Emily the emerald fairy	Daisy Meadows&Georgie Ripper		Disaster has struck Fairyland! Jack Frost has stolen all the jewels from Queen Titania's crown. Each stone controls a particular aspect of fairy magic. Without them, the fairies can't use their magic fairy dust or make pictures in ponds of water. They can't even fly! The fairies can't let the power disappear from fairyland into Jack Frost's evil hands. Rachel and Kirsty have to help India the Moonstone Fairy, Scarlett the Garnet Fairy, Emily the Emerald Fairy, Chloe the Topaz Fairy, Amy the Amethyst Fairy, Sophie the Sapphire Fairy, and Lucy the Diamond Fairy - to get the jewels back...before it's too late.	2005-09-08	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781843629566	Chloe the topaz fairy	Daisy Meadows		Disaster has struck Fairyland! Jack Frost has stolen all the jewels from Queen Titania's crown. Each stone controls a particular aspect of fairy magic. Without them, the fairies can't use their magic fairy dust or make pictures in ponds of water. They can't even fly! The fairies can't let the power disappear from fairyland into Jack Frost's evil hands. Rachel and Kirsty have to help India the Moonstone Fairy, Scarlett the Garnet Fairy, Emily the Emerald Fairy, Chloe the Topaz Fairy, Amy the Amethyst Fairy, Sophie the Sapphire Fairy, and Lucy the Diamond Fairy - to get the jewels back...before it's too late.	2005-09-08	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781843629573	Amy the amethyst fairy	Daisy Meadows		Jack Frost is up to no good again! This time, he's stolen the seven jewels from Queen Titania's crown. Without them, the Jewel Fairies can't do their jobs. The magic in Fairyland is fading fast! Amy the Amethyst Fairy's magic jewel controls the power to make things disappear. But now the amethyst has disappeared, too! What will Amy do without it? Find the sparkly jewel in each book and help bring the magic back to Fairyland!	2005-09-08	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781846161704	Bella the bunny fairy	Daisy Meadows		Fairyland in uproar! Jack Frost has stolen the Pet Fairies magical pets. Without them, the Pet Fairies can't ensure that pets in the human world find the right owners. So it's vital that the Pet Fairies get their magic pets back. The pets have escaped from Jack Frost's ice castle and are roaming the human world. Rachel and Kirsty have to help Katie the Kitten Fairy, Harriet the Hamster Fairy, Georgia the Guinea Pig Fairy, Lauren the Puppy Fairy, Emma the Bunny Fairy, Penny the Pony Fairy and Molly the Goldfish Fairy - to get the pets back...before it's too late.	2006-04-06	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781846161681	Georgia the guinea pig fairy	Daisy Meadows		Fairyland in uproar! Jack Frost has stolen the Pet Fairies magical pets. Without them, the Pet Fairies can't ensure that pets in the human world find the right owners. So it's vital that the Pet Fairies get their magic pets back. The pets have escaped from Jack Frost's ice castle and are roaming the human world. Rachel and Kirsty have to help Katie the Kitten Fairy, Harriet the Hamster Fairy, Georgia the Guinea Pig Fairy, Lauren the Puppy Fairy, Emma the Bunny Fairy, Penny the Pony Fairy and Molly the Goldfish Fairy - to get the pets back...before it's too late.	2006-04-06	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9780964729223	So You Don't Want to Go to Church Anymore	Jake Colsen&Wayne Jacobsen&Dave Coleman		Jake Colsen, an overworked and disillusioned pastor, happens into a stranger who bears an uncanny resemblance (in manner) to the apostle John. A number of encounters with John as well as a family crisis lead Jake to a new understanding of what his life should be like: one filled with faith bolstered by a steady, close relationship with the God of the universe. Facing his own disappointment with Christianity, Jake must forsake the habits that have made his faith rote and rediscover the love that captured his heart when he first believed. Compelling and intensely personal, SO YOU DON'T WANT TO GO TO CHURCH ANYMORE relates a man's rebirth from performance-based Christianity to a loving friendship with Christ that affects all he does, thinks, and says. As John tells Jake, "There is nothing the Father desires for you more than that you fall squarely in the lap of his love and never move from that place for the rest of your life."	2008-09-02	Windblown Media		English				ZZZ000000
9780340186114	The hollow hills	Mary Stewart		The countryside of England and Wales in the Dark Ages forms an almost tangible background to this wonderfully and powerfully realised picture of an ancestral hero coming to manhood. The Hollow Hills is the brilliant portrayal of the young Arthur from his birth to accession to the throne of Britain. And behind and around him is the strong, yet vulnerable figure of Merlin who sees and knows so much but is powerless to prevent the strife and violence of his turbulent times. The Hollow Hills was first published in 1973 and tells the story of Merlin's guardianship of Arthur. He leads Arthur to the sword that tests his claim to power and the crown.	1983-01-10	Coronet		English				ZZZ000000
9780446407557	The Miracle Girls,A Novel	Anne Dayton&May Vanderbilt		Ana Dominguez was happy in San Jose, but everything changed when her dad moved the family to Half Moon Bay, California, to open a law practice. Her parents think she's settling into her new school nicely, but she has them fooled. Riley, the most popular girl in school, has picked Ana as enemy #1, and Tyler, Ana's crush, doesn't even know Ana exists.  When Ana ends up in detention with Riley, her life suddenly changes. When Ana, Riley, Christine, and Zoe share their essays on "The Day My Life Changed," it turns out they have more in common than they ever would have imagined. Now as Ana lives out her faith, she and Zoe are determined to befriend Riley and Christine. But the drama of high school life has only just begun. . . .	2008-09-08	FaithWords		English				ZZZ000000
9780753819487	The temple of my familiar	Alice Walker		A visionary cast of characters weave together their past and present in a brilliantly intricate tapestry of tales.It is the story of the dispossessed and displaced, of peoples whose history is ancient and whose future is yet to come.Here we meet Lissie, a woman of many pasts; Arveyda the great guitarist and his Latin American wife who has had to flee her homeland; Suwelo, the history teacher, and his former wife Fanny who has fallen in love with spirits. Hovering tantalisingly above their stories are Miss Celie and Shug, the beloved characters from THE COLOUR PURPLE.	2004-09-16	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780446508827	The You I Never Knew	Susan Wiggs		Michelle thought she had lost everything at 17. Her father, a Hollywood legend, had summoned her to his Montana ranch. When he had learned of his daughter's affair with a hired hand, he had fired him and destroyed his family. Michelle, pregnant, had fled to Seattle. Years have passed. Her son is lost to her. Her father needs her. Wiggs's sensitive portrayal of parents and lovers trying to bond despite a less-than-perfect past exemplifies the richness and realism this theme can lend a love story." --- Publishers Weekly "Realistic, appealing protagonists, secondary characters who are much more than caricatures, and a plot compelling in its simplicity are pluses for this well-written, engrossing novel, which may surprise but not disappoint Wiggs's historical fans."--- Library Journal	2008-07-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780752883922	Tyrant	Christian Cameron		Glory. Death. Well-born Athenian cavalry officer, Kineas, fought shoulder to shoulder with Alexander in his epic battles against the Persian hordes. But on his return from the east to his native city, he finds not glory but shame - and exile.With nothing to his name but his military skills, Kineas agrees to lead a band of veterans to the city of Olbia, where the Tyrant is offering good money to train the city's elite cavalry. But soon Kineas and his men find they have stumbled into a deadly maze of intrigue and conspiracy as the Tyrant plots to use them as pawns in the increasingly complex power games between his own citizens, and the dread military might of Macedon.Caught between his duty to the Tyrant, his loyalty to his men and a forbidden love affair with a charismatic Scythian noblewoman, Kineas must call on all his Athenian guile, his flair on the battlefield, and even - he is convinced - the intervention of the gods, to survive.	2008-12-29	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9781857989489	We can remember it for you wholesale	Philip K. Dick		The fifth and final part of the complete collected stories shows Philip K. Dick at the very height of his outstanding powers. The twenty-five tales were written between 1963 and 1981, just a few months before he died, and include two stories which have been turned into box office smashes: the title story, filmed as Total Recall, and "The Little Black Box", which grew into his masterpiece Blade Runner.	2000	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780446581837	50/50,Secrets I Learned Running 50 Marathons in 50 Days -- and How You Too Can Achieve Super Endurance!	Dean Karnazes&Matt Fitzgerald		In the fall of 2006, Dean Karnazes, known as the "Lance Armstrong of the running world," took on the ultimate challenge: running 50 marathons in 50 states in 50 consecutive days. Dean set off in a caravan packed with fellow runners, with nothing more than a roadmap and a determination that defied all physical limitations. This book goes beyond the story of those 50 marathons: it is a firsthand account of what happens when your body defies all limitations, and it is a story of what it's like to push the limits of strength under grueling conditions. This book also reveals Dean's secrets and training tips, including what to do when you hit a wall, how to adapt quickly to drastic terrain, how to get motivated after a really tough day, and diet and exercise tips to improve your own best time. --From publisher description.	2008-08-18	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780755344086	A Deadly Trade	Michael Stanley		Detective Kubu faces his most disturbing investigation yet when he finds himself caught up in a case of betrayal and mistaken identity. Goodluck Tinubu is viciously murdered in the Jackalberry bush camp, situated on an isolated peninsula in Botswana. Peter Sithole, a guest at the camp, is found bludgeoned to death a few hours later. Detective 'Kubu' Bengu is sent to assist the local CID in this puzzling investigation. Meanwhile, another guest at the camp, Ishmael Zondo, suddenly disappears without a trace. And as fingerprints are matched, records reveal that Tinubu was killed in the Rhodesian civil war thirty years earlier...	2009-04-02	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780749928919	Born in Shame	Nora Roberts		For Shannon Bodine, losing her mother has been doubly heartbreaking: hours before she died, her mother confessed that Shannon's father was not the man she believed, but a married man in Ireland. Across the ocean, Brianna and Maggie Concannon have been eagerly awaiting news of their half-sister. But the woman who visits Brie's guest house in County Clare is not the loving sibling they had hoped for. Shannon, shaken by the truth of her birth, stays distant from the sisters while she tries to clear her head ? and to shake the feeling that she has met the tall young farmer Murphy somewhere, or sometime, before . . .	2009-07-02	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781841497471	Captain's Fury	Jim Butcher		Tavi of Calderon, now captain of his own Legion, has been fighting a bitter war for two years. Then he discovers the invading Canim warriors are harbingers of a far greater threat. The Canim are being hunted in their turn by a savage race that forced them from their homeland - and which has pursued them to the Aleran borders. With options fast running out, Tavi proposes an alliance with the Canim.But the Senate's new military commander wishes only to wipe out the Canim 'scourge', and would also kill Aleran slaves that have sought freedom with these aggressors.Tavi must reconcile Aleran and Canim, slavemaster and slave, Citizen and Proletarian, if an alliance is to be forced. And he must lead his Legion in defiance of the law, against both friend and enemy - before the greatest army of all launches its assault.	2009-08-06	Little, Brown Book Group		English				FIC009000
9780751509267	Changes	Danielle Steel		Top TV anchorwoman Melanie Adams had given up on love after a failed marriage and an unhappy affair. With her two teenage children and her television news career, she had no room in her life for a man. Then she met famous heart surgeon Peter Hallam, a widower with three children of his own. Suddenly Melanie was experiencing feelings she thought were gone forever. But two families (one in New York and one in Los Angeles), two exciting careers, and two strong-willed people were too much to handle. And Melanie faced a painful choice between her glamorous life in the public eye, her private life, the needs of her family, and the new family she took on. Changes lead each of them to new places, new problems, new people, and the new life they begin.	1991	Time Warner Paperbacks		English				ZZZ000000
9781848542594	Danger Close,Commanding 3 Para in Afghanistan	Stuart Tootal		Colonel Stuart Tootal is the first senior commander to provide an account of the fighting in Afghanistan. A gritty portrayal of unforgiving conflict, Danger Close captures the essence of combat, the risks involved and the aftermath. 3 PARA was the first unit into Helmand in 2006. Sent on a peace mission, it became engaged in a level of combat that has not been experienced by the British Army since the end of the Korean War. Undermanned and suffering from equipment shortages, 3 PARA fought doggedly to win the break in battle. Numerous gallantry decorations were awarded, but they were not without cost. On returning from Afghanistan, Tootal fought to get proper treatment for his wounded and feeling frustrated with the Government's treatment of its soldiers, he resigned from the Army. This is a dramatic, and often moving, insight into the leadership of soldiers and the sharp end of war.	2009-10	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780340688823	Deception on his mind	Elizabeth George		Balford-le-Nez is a dying seatown on the coast of Essex. But when a member of the town's small but growing Asian community is found dead near its beach, the sleepy town ignites. Working without her long-time partner, Detective Inspector Lynley, Sergeant Barbara Havers must probe not only the mind of a murderer and a case very close to her own heart, but also the terrible price people pay for deceiving others ... and themselves.	1998	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781844084951	The Door	Margaret Atwood		THE DOOR is Margaret Atwood's first book of poetry since the 1995 MORNING IN THE BURNED HOUSE. Its lucid yet urgent poems range in tone from lyric to ironic to meditative to prophetic, and in subject from the personal to the political viewed in its broadest sense. They investigate the mysterious writing of poetry itself, as well as the passage of time and our shared sense of mortality. As the New York Times has said, 'Atwood's poems are short, glistening with terse, bright images. . . ' A brave and compassionate book, THE DOOR interrogates the certainties that we build our lives on.	2009-08-06	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				POE000000
9780749909567	Fatal Secrets	Allison Brennan		When a top lieutenant in a ring of human traffickers agrees to turn state's evidence, Immigration and Customs Enforcement senior agent Sonia Knight believes she'll finally take down the operation's mastermind, Xavier Jones. FBI agent Dean Hooper has been chasing Jones for years and doesn't need or want a hot-headed ICE agent second-guessing his every move. When the Bureau is ordered to join forces with ICE, Sonia is just as livid: her job is to save lives, not money. But Jones is just one piece of a depraved puzzle, answering to an even more dangerous predator. Denied his expected prey, this pitiless fiend intends to make Sonia and Dean pay ? with their own blood...	2009-06-04	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780349119779	Naked	David Sedaris		A riotous collection of memoirs which explores the absurd hilarity of modern life and creates a wickedly incisive portrait of an all-too-familiar world. It takes Sedaris from his humiliating bout with obsessive behaviour in 'A Plague of Tics' to the title story, where he is finally forced to face his naked self in the company of lunatics. At this soulful and moving moment, he brushes cigarette ashes from his pubic hair and wonders what it all means.This remarkable journey into his own life follows a path of self-effacement and a lifelong search for identity leaving himself both under suspicion and over dressed.	2006-07-06	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9781843629535	Sophie the Sapphire Fairy	Daisy Meadows&Georgie Ripper		Disaster has struck Fairyland! Jack Frost has stolen all the jewels from Queen Titania's crown. Each stone controls a particular aspect of fairy magic. Without them, the fairies can't use their magic fairy dust or make pictures in ponds of water. They can't even fly! The fairies can't let the power disappear from fairyland into Jack Frost's evil hands. Rachel and Kirsty have to help India the Moonstone Fairy, Scarlett the Garnet Fairy, Emily the Emerald Fairy, Chloe the Topaz Fairy, Amy the Amethyst Fairy, Sophie the Sapphire Fairy, and Lucy the Diamond Fairy - to get the jewels back...before it's too late.	2005-09-08	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781846161728	Molly the Goldfish Fairy	Daisy Meadows		Fairyland in uproar! Jack Frost has stolen the Pet Fairies magical pets. Without them, the Pet Fairies can't ensure that pets in the human world find the right owners. So it's vital that the Pet Fairies get their magic pets back. The pets have escaped from Jack Frost's ice castle and are roaming the human world. Rachel and Kirsty have to help Katie the Kitten Fairy, Harriet the Hamster Fairy, Georgia the Guinea Pig Fairy, Lauren the Puppy Fairy, Emma the Bunny Fairy, Penny the Pony Fairy and Molly the Goldfish Fairy - to get the pets back...before it's too late.	2006-04-01	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781846161711	Penny the pony fairy	Daisy Meadows		Fairyland in uproar! Jack Frost has stolen the Pet Fairies magical pets. Without them, the Pet Fairies can't ensure that pets in the human world find the right owners. So it's vital that the Pet Fairies get their magic pets back. The pets have escaped from Jack Frost's ice castle and are roaming the human world. Rachel and Kirsty have to help Katie the Kitten Fairy, Harriet the Hamster Fairy, Georgia the Guinea Pig Fairy, Lauren the Puppy Fairy, Emma the Bunny Fairy, Penny the Pony Fairy and Molly the Goldfish Fairy - to get the pets back...before it's too late.	2006-04-06	Orchard Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781843626381	Hayley the rain fairy	Daisy Meadows&Georgie Ripper		Fairyland is home to the seven Weather Fairies! Along with Doodle the rooster and his magical feathers, they bring all of the weather to Fairyland. But when evil Jack Frost and his goblins steal the feathers, the weather turns wacky. It's up to the Weather Fairies to fix it -- fast! Rachel and Kirsty have only one magic feather left to find, and it belongs to Hayley the Rain Fairy. But with a flood in full flow, will they ever reach it? Find the final feather in this book and fix the weather in Fairyland!	2004-05-06	Orchard Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780575079830	Resplendent	Stephen Baxter		RESPLENDENT is a collection of stories that encompasses mankind's epic fight for survival against the Xeelee, a narrative of how man will change and evolve over our epic journey out into the universe. These tales will encompass the rise of sub-molecular empires in the first nanoseconds after the Big Bang to mankind's final transformation. Full of cutting-edge science, descriptions of time and space on a mind-boggling scale and memorable, all-too-human characters. It is both the capstone to one of the most significant series in the history of SF and a remarkable achievement in its own right. This is a mature and uniquely talented writer at the height of his powers.	2007-09-13	Victor Gollancz Limited		English				FIC028000
9780340695616	Rose cottage	Mary Stewart		When Kate Herrick's grandmother asks her to travel down from Scotland to her childhood home in Todhall to retrieve some papers and family mementoes before Rose Cottage is sold, Kate is happy enough to go, but curious as to the changes she may find there. Widowed in the recent war - this is the summer of 1947 - and comfortably settled now in London, she is in some doubt as to how the village will receive her. Rose Cottage - a tiny thatched dwelling with fragrant roses in the garden - is unchanged, and the villagers seem friendly. But there is evidence of a break-in at the cottage, and then her nearest neighbours, three elderly ladies from what the villagers call 'Witches' Corner', come with tales of night-time prowlers in the cottage garden, and even ghosts. In the process of solving the mystery, Kate finds romance.	1998-03-19	Hodder and Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780753826539	The Spies of Warsaw	Alan Furst		An Autumn evening in 1937. A German engineer arrives at the Warsaw railway station. Tonight, he will be with his Polish mistress; tomorrow, at a workers' bar in the city's factory district, he will meet with the military attache from the French embassy. Information will be exchanged for money.So begins The Spies of Warsaw, with war coming to Europe, and French and German operatives locked in a life-and-death struggle on the espionage battlefield. At the French embassy, the new military attache, Colonel Jean-Francois Mercier, a decorated hero of the 1914 war, is drawn in to a world of abduction, betrayal and intrigue in the diplomatic salons and back alleys of Warsaw. At the same time, the handsome aristocrat finds himself in a passionate love affair with a Parisian woman of Polish heritage, a lawyer for the League of Nations.Colonel Mercier must work in the shadows, amidst an extraordinary cast of venal and dangerous characters -- Colonel Anton Vyborg of Polish military intelligence, last seen in Furst's The Polish Officer; the mysterious and sophisticated Doctor Lapp, senior German Abwehr officer in Warsaw; Malka and Viktor Rozen, at work for the Russian secret service; and Mercier's brutal and vindictive opponent, Major August Voss of SS counterintelligence. And there are many more, some known to Mercier as spies, some never to be revealed. The Spies of Warsaw is Alan Furst's finest novel to date -- the history is precise, the writing evocative and powerful, more a novel about spies than a spy novel -- exciting, atmospheric, erotic and impossible to put down.	2009-01-01	Orion Publishing Group, Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780575082229	The Man with the Golden Torc	Simon R. Green		You know what? It's all true. Everything that ever scared you, from conspiracy theories to monsters under the bed to ghosties & ghoulies & long-leggity beasties. The only reason they haven't taken over the world yet is because my family has always been there to stand in their way. We guard the door, keeping you safe from the big bad wolf, and you never even know our names. Of course, there's a price to be paid. By us, and by you.The username's Bond. Shaman Bond. Licensed to kick supernatural arse.And Bond - real name Eddie Drood - comes from one of the oldest families in England, a family that has been protecting Humanity from the forces of darkness for more centuries than anyone can even remember.And Eddie Drood loved his job - until the day it all blew up in his face . . .SECRET HISTORIES is a mix of James Bond and Blade, a fast-paced roller-coaster ride through the dark side.	2008-04-01	Victor Gollancz Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780340977958	The Missing	Tim Gautreaux		Louisiana is the setting for this riveting tale of a kidnapped child and the man on her trail - Sam Simoneaux, who feels honour-bound to help find her. Leaving his stalwart wife behind, he works his passage on a pleasure steamer up the Mississippi , entering a wild world of jazz, moonshine and lawlessness. It is a journey that will lead Sam to confront not only violent criminals but his own past, and to make some hard decisions about the value of vengeance.	2010-01-21	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780575074811	The penultimate truth	Philip K. Dick		World War III is raging - or so the millions of people crammed in their underground tanks believe. For fifteen years, subterranean humanity has been fed on daily broadcasts of a never-ending nuclear destruction, sustained by a belief in the all powerful Protector. Now someone has gone to the surface and found no destruction, no war. The authorities have been telling a massive lie. Now the search begins to find out why.	2005-02-10	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780753825563	The Polish Officer	Alan Furst		September, 1939. The invading Germans blaze a trail of destruction across Poland. France and Britain declare war, but do nothing to help. And a Polish resistance movement takes shape under the shadow of occupation, enlisting those willing to risk death in the struggle for their nation's survival. Among them is Captain Alexander de Milja, an officer in the Polish military intelligence service, a cartographer who now must learn a dangerous new role: spymaster in the anti-Nazi underground. Beginning with a daring operation to smuggle the Polish National Gold Reserve to the government in exile, he slips into the shadowy and treacherous front lines of espionage; he moves through Europe, changing identities and staying one step ahead of capture. In Warsaw, he engineers a subversive campaign to strengthen the people's will to resist. In Paris, he poses as a Russian poet, then as a Slovakian coal merchant, drinking champagne in black-market bistros with Nazis while uncovering information about German battle plans. And a love affair with a woman of the French Resistance leads him to make the greatest decision of his life.	2008-11-27	PHOENIX		English				ZZZ000000
9780749937218	All About Love	Stephanie Laurens		Six notorious cousins, known to the ton as the Bar Cynster, have cut a swath through the ballrooms of London. Yet one by one, each has fallen in love and married the woman of his heart, until only one of them is left unclaimed...Alasdair CynsterKnown to his intimates as Lucifer, Alasdair had decided to rusticate in the country before the matchmaking skills of London's mamas become firmly focused on him, the last unwed Cynster. But an escape to Devon leads him straight to his destiny in the irresistible form of Phyllida Tallent, a willful, independent beauty of means who brings all his masterful Cynster instincts rioting to the fore. Lucifer tries to deny the desire Phyllida evokes - acting on it will land him in a parson's mousetrap, one place he's sworn never to go. But destiny intervenes, leaving him to face the greatest Cynster challenge - wooing a reluctant bride.	2007-09-06	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749937713	Cover of Night	Linda Howard		'Linda Howard is a superbly original storyteller' Iris Johansen	2007-04-05	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780749909079	Fish Out of Water	MaryJanice Davidson		Fred the mermaid has taken the bait and chosen Artur, Prince of the Black Sea, over human marine biologist Thomas. And just in time. The existence of the Undersea Folk is no longer a secret, and someone needs to keep them from floundering in the media spotlight. Fred has all the right skills for the job, but not for when her real father surfaces and tries to overthrow Artur's regime.However, as civil war threatens to sink the merfolk, Fred can't stop thinking about the landlubber she left behind...	2008-12-04	PIATKUS BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9780340956489	The Escape	Robert Muchamore		Summer, 1940.Hitler's army is advancing towards Paris, and millions of French civilians are on the run.Amidst the chaos, two British children are being hunted by German agents.British spy Charles Henderson tries to reach them first, but he can only do it with the help of a twelve-year-old French orphan.The British secret service is about to discover that kids working undercover will help to win the war.For official purposes, these children do not exist.	2009-01-20	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780340956496	Eagle Day	Robert Muchamore		Charles Henderson is the last British spy left in occupied France in 1940, living on a farm near Calais with four runaway kids cut adrift by the war. He and his young agents are playing a dangerous game: translating for the German high command and sending information back to Britain about the Nazi plans to invade England in September, on Eagle Day. The RAF must destroy the Nazi invasion fleet, but Northern France is heavily defended and the camouflaged barges are impossible to target at night. Together, Henderson and his team hatch a daring plan to guide the British bombers to their target. Their lives are on the line, but the stakes couldn't possibly be higher.	2009-07-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				JUV000000
9780446692748	How to Master the Art of Selling	Tom Hopkins		A revised and updated guide to selling educates readers on how to succeed in sales, including new information on using the latest research techniques and using e-mail and online resources to generate deals more quickly and efficiently. Original.	2005-05-20	Warner Business Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340836064	How to walk in high heels: the girls guide to everything	Camilla Morton		From appreciating wine to understanding modern art, placing a bet to playing poker, wearing a hat to finding the mains, HOW TO WALK IN HIGH HEELS helps you navigate life's challenges with style. Camilla Morton has been ably assisted by a host of experts including Manolo Blahnik, who tells you How to Pick a Shoe, Gisele, who explains How to Look Good in a Photo and Anya Hindmarch, who reveals How to Pack a Suitcase. Funny and informative, filled with great quotes and fascinating facts this will transform your approach to everything from getting dressed to hanging wallpaper. Turn your exasperated aaaaarrrrghs into confident ahhhhs!	2006-08-10	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				REF015000
9780349113609	The last time they met	Anita Shreve		When Linda Fallon and Thomas Janes meet at a writers' festival in Toronto, it is the first time they have seen each other for twenty-six years. Theirs is a story bound by the irresistible pull of true passion - a love which begins in Massachusetts in the early 1960s, is rekindled in Kenya in the 1970s, and which is about to play out its astonishing final episode . . .	2001-12-03	Abacus		English				FIC000000
9781842556139	The invisible boy,The boy with the magic numbers	Sally Gardner		THE INVISIBLE BOY: when his parents are lost in space, Sam is left, heartbroken, in the care of the horrible Hilda Hardbottom. Then he finds a tiny spaceship in the cabbage patch and meets a little alien called Splodge. How Splodge makes him invisible, and how Sam uses his new talent in his darkest hour, makes a touching and extremely funny story with lovely memorable characters. THE BOY WITH THE MAGIC NUMBERS: when Billy Pickles' dad leaves home to live in New York, he gives Billy a moneybox. Billy's not sure where to put in the money, and not sure why his dad has left. Then Billy goes to New York to visit his father and his Italian grandmother, and discovers the secret of his magic moneybox. In a wonderful adventure, he takes Mighty Mamma on a helicopter ride, cracks open a safe, solves a kidnap mystery - and gets to know his dad again.	2007-06-07	Orion Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780755346752	Mystery Man	Bateman		A superbly gripping and blackly funny mystery by the king of the crime caper. He's the Man With No Name and the owner of No Alibis, a mystery bookshop in Belfast. But when a detective agency next door goes bust, the agency's clients start calling into his shop asking him to solve their cases. It's an easy way to sell books to his gullible customers and Alison, the beautiful girl in the jewellery shop across the road, will surely be impressed. Except she's not. And when they break into the shuttered shop on a dare, they have their answer. Suddenly they're catapulted along a murder trail which leads them from modern dance to Nazi secrets and serial killers...	2009-05-14	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780747266815	One door away from heaven	Dean Koontz		Leilani Maddoc's tenth birthday is nine months away. Micky Bellsong is convinced that in nine months and one day, the girl will be dead. And no one seems to care but Micky herself. She has a history of making wrong choices and living only for her own desires, but her decision to save the child's life ndash; and pit herself against an adversary as fearsome as he is cunning ndash; takes her on a journey of incredible peril and stunning discoveries, a journey filled with tragedy and joy, with humour, terror and hope, a journey that will change her for ever.	2002-08-05	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780446505505	Pope John Paul II: An Intimate Life,The Pope I Knew So Well	Caroline Pigozzi		This behind-the-scenes perspective offers a unique opportunity to experience Pope John Paul II's character and reign, as well as a look at the inner workings of the Vatican. French journalist Caroline Pigozzi discovered a man both awe-inspiring and surprisingly warm and generous. Passionately prayerful and unimpressed by pomp and celebrity, John Paul II was the most-traveled and perhaps the most popular of the popes to date: a people's pope. Pigozzi reveals the intimate details of his daily life, his sometimes surprising philosophies, his revolutionary desire for accessibility to ordinary people, and his relentless drive to unify the church. This book unveils, in a friendly and richly informative way, a close-up of the man whose "eyes radiated infinite goodness" and whose life touched so many.	2008-09-10	FaithWords		English				ZZZ000000
9781846161674	Harriet the Hamster Fairy	Daisy Meadows		Fairyland in uproar! Jack Frost has stolen the Pet Fairies magical pets. Without them, the Pet Fairies can't ensure that pets in the human world find the right owners. So it's vital that the Pet Fairies get their magic pets back. The pets have escaped from Jack Frost's ice castle and are roaming the human world. Rachel and Kirsty have to help Katie the Kitten Fairy, Harriet the Hamster Fairy, Georgia the Guinea Pig Fairy, Lauren the Puppy Fairy, Emma the Bunny Fairy, Penny the Pony Fairy and Molly the Goldfish Fairy - to get the pets back...before it's too late.	2006-04-06	Orchard Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781843626343	Abigail the Breeze Fairy	Daisy Meadows		Jack Frost has promised not to trouble the Rainbow Fairies again, but he didn't say anything about the weather fairies! Now he has stolen the feathers from the weather-vane cockerel in charge of the weather. It's up to Rachel and Kirsty to get each of the feathers back from Jack Frost's goblins, with a little bit of help from the weather fairies: Crystal the Snow Fairy, Wendy the Wind Fairy, Pearl the Cloud Fairy, Goldy the Sunshine Fairy, Evie the Mist Fairy, Storm the Lightning Fairy and Hayley the Rain Fairy.	2004-05-06	Orchard Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781843626374	Storm the lightning fairy	Daisy Meadows		Storm the Lightning Fairy can't stop the sky from fizzing without her glittery lightning feather. Rachel and Kirsty must lend a hand before a loose lightning bolt causes terrible trouble.	2004-05-06	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9780755337187	Scavenger	David Morrell		A high-tech adventure thriller about a life-or-death search for a 100-year-old time capsule. Sometimes the past is buried for a reason	2007-09-20	Headline		English				FIC030000
9780749938772	Shadow Game	Christine Feehan		The classified experiment is the brainchild of renowned scientist Peter Whitney and his brilliant daughter, Lily. Created to enhance the psychic abilities of an elite squadron, it can transform their natural mental powers into a unique military weapon. But something goes wrong. In the isolated underground labs, the men have been dying-victims of bizarre accidents. Captain Ryland Miller knows he is next. When Dr. Whitney himself is murdered, Ryland has only one person left to trust: the beautiful Lily. Possessed of an uncanny sixth sense herself, Lily shares Ryland's every new fear, every betrayal, every growing suspicion, and every passionate beat of the heart. Together, they will be drawn deeper into the labyrinth of her father's past and closer to a secret that someone would kill to keep hidden.	2008-03-06	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781844034314	The Spirit of Yoga	Kathy Phillips&CHRISTY TURLINGTON		Reflects the resurgence of yoga as a glamorous, fashionable and now mainstream exercise.	2005-08-11	Cassell Illustrated		English				ZZZ000000
9780340577240	Stormy petrel	Mary Stewart		The isolated cottage on the remote Hebridean island of Moila seemed like an ideal away-from-it-all retreat for writer Rose Fenemore, a place where she could work in peace, and where her brother Crispin could walk, fish and photograph the birds and wildlife. But it is not easy to escape the world and its troubles. Crispin's arrival is delayed, and Rose, on her own in the lonely cottage, has to cope with the two very different men who come in from the sea on a night of summer storm.	1992-10-12	Coronet Books		English				FIC000000
9781841497273	ACCIDENTAL SORCERER, THE	K. E. Mills		He's blown up a factory, lost his job, and there's a chance that he's not really a Third Grade wizard after all. Career disaster strikes again.Luckily, an influential friend manages to get him a posting. So it's off to New Ottosland to be the new Court Wizard for King Lional. His back-up, an ensorcelled bird with a mysterious past, seems dubious. But it's New Ottosland, or nothing.Unfortunately, King Lional isn't the vain, self-centred young man he appeared to be. With a Princess in danger, a bird-brained back-up, and a kingdom to save, Gerald soon suspects he might be out of his depth. And if he can't keep this job, how can he become the wizard he was destined to be ...	2008-12-19	Little, Brown Book Group		English				FIC009000
9780752886473	The Assassin	Stephen Coonts		Abu Qasim, the ruthless and cunning Al Qaeda leader who nearly succeeded in blowing up a meeting of the G-8 in Paris, has escaped from the grasp of the Americans and is plotting his next move. A small band of powerful men, highly placed leaders of industry and politics in the West, have decided they need to target and destroy the terrorist and his inner circle before he can strike again. When a prominent Russian dissident is poisoned in London, however, its clear that theres a very dangerous leak within the ranks of the Westerners, and that Abu Qasim has turned the tables on his rivals---it is now he who is pursuing, and his aim is to kill.Admiral Jake Grafton dispatches special agent Tommy Carmellini to infiltrate the plot. He tracks the gorgeous and seductive Marisa Petrou, a Frenchwoman who may be Qasims daughter and who has her own reasons for wanting him alive---or wishing him dead. Qasim, meanwhile, has a trick up his sleeve---one that hes been planning for years.Who is behind the methodical assassinations of the wealthy and powerful Western vigilante team? Will Abu Qasim slip the noose once again? In this pulse-pounding thriller, Tommy Carmellini must put a stop to a master of terror before he unleashes even more death.	2008-05-29	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9781841813356	The Atlas of Secret Societies,The Truth Behind the Templars, Freemasons and Other Secretive Organizations	David V. Barrett		Throughout history secret societies have exerted a powerful hidden influence on our culture, politics and spirituality. Step into the shadowy world of secret societies with the latest edition to the illuminating Atlas series. Unlock the mysteries behind some of the world's most powerful covert organizations, some of which have faded into obscurity, others which still hold power today.Often underpinned by mystical or religious principles, each society had clear political aims and sought to bring about social, moral and political change. From Chinese Triads to the Knights Templar, and from the Thuggee Cult to the Freemasons, The Atlas of Secret Societies explores the motives of each society, their purpose and what we know of their mysterious practices. Lavish artwork reconstructions depict the ancient rites and practices of selected societies, and take you into a fascinating and hidden world.	2009-03-01	Godsfield		English				ZZZ000000
9780446532105	The Joy of Believing in Prayer,Deepen Your Friendship with God	Joyce Meyer		Effective October 1, 2002, Joyce Meyer's bestselling backlist is available exclusively from Warner Faith. And look for the first of several new major books from Joyce beginning in April 2003.	2002-10-01	Faith Words		English				ZZZ000000
9780749909383	The Night Villa	Carol Goodman		The eruption of Italy's Mount Vesuvius in AD 79 buried a city and its people, their treasures and secrets. Centuries later, echoes of this disaster resonate with profound consequences in the life of classics professor Sophie Chase.Beneath layers of volcanic ash lies the Villa della Notte - the Night Villa - once home to the captivating slave girl at the heart of an ancient controversy. And concealed in a subterranean labyrinth rests a cache of antique documents believed lost to the ages: a prize too alluring for Sophie to resist. But whatever shocking events transpired in the face of Vesuvius's fury has led to deeper intrigues - and Sophie is swiftly sucked into their dark and terrifying vortex...	2009-10-01	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781420108460	The Notorious Bridegroom	Kit Donner		In this Regency-set romance debut from a talented and ambitious new author, awoman finds undeniable passion with the man whom she's been spying on to saveher brother's life. Original.	2009-07-28	Zebra Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781858817071	The smallest girl ever	Sally Gardner		Ruby Genie is an orphan. Everyone expects her to have the same fantastic magical powers as her famous parents did, but Ruby can't do any magic at all - or so she thinks. and feels a complete failure. Then she begins to get smaller . . . and smaller . . . and smaller.With a cast of unforgettable characters such as the self-important magician the Great Alfonso, and Aunt Hat the kindly lady conjuror who is hopeless at doing tricks, this wonderful story is full of adventure and shows how a little girl who is so tiny that she fits into a handbag can still be clever and brave and find people to love and value her.The second book in Sally Gardner's Magical Children series, about children empowered by special gifts, is utterly charming, full of feeling, and very funny. Her own delightful line drawings all the way through make it a very attractive package.	2000-09-21	Orion Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781842555613	Voices	Ursula le Guin		Memer is a child of rape; when the Alds took the beautiful city of Ansul, they descecrated or destroyed everything of beauty. The Waylord they imprisoned and tortured for years until finally he is freed to return to his home. Though crippled, he is not destroyed. His life still has purpose. Memer is the daughter of his House, the daughter of his heart.The Alds, a people who love war, cannot and will not read: they believe that in words lie demons that will destroy the world. All the city's libraries, the great treasure trove of knowledge of ages past, are burned, except for those few volumes secreted inthe Waylord's hidden room.But times are changing. Gry Barre of Roddmant and Orrec Caspro of Caspromant have arrived in the city. Orrec is a story-teller, the most famous of all: he has the gift of making. His wife Gry's gift is that of calling; she walks with a halflion who both frightens and fascinates the Alds.This is Memer's story, and Gry's and Orrec's, and it is the story of a conquered people craving freedom.	2007-05-03	Orion Children's		English				ZZZ000000
9781585713646	Waiting in the Shadows	Michele Sudler		A young widow meets a handsome stranger who knows the truth about her husband's death. Soon, however, he unwittingly falls in love with her, in this suspenseful and exciting romance. Original.	2009-11	Genesis Press, Incorporated		English				ZZZ000000
9781856752954	Yoga to go	Stella Weller		Whether you spend your time at work, at home or outside Yoga to Go will show you how to incorporate yoga practice into your daily life. Yoga engages the whole person as it combines physical and meditative exercise to leave you feeling calm and in control. It helps you combat stress as well as boosting energy levels and hindering illness. One of the advantages of Yoga is that you can practise it in any place and Stella Weller teaches you how to do just that. From exercises you can practise in your car to breathing techniques to use in the office, Yoga to Go equips you to bring a greater sense of wellbeing to all areas of your busy life.	2008	Gaia		English				MED078000
9780747258322	Fear nothing	Dean Koontz		Christopher Snow suffers from a rare genetic disorder - Xeroderma pigmentosum - his skin and eyes cannot be exposed to sunlight, so his life begins at midnight. Set in the town of Moonlight Bay, a place of picturesque beauty and haunting strangeness, Dean Koontz's new novel is a startling and compulsive masterpiece of tension.	1998-06-04	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780751543957	Fool	Christopher Moore		'This is a bawdy tale. Herein you will find gratuitous shagging, murder, spanking, maiming, treason, and heretofore unexplored heights of vulgarity and profanity,. . . If that's the sort of thing you think you might enjoy, then you have happened upon the perfect story!'So speaks Christopher Moore, one of America's funniest and bestselling authors, regarded as highly as classic satirists such as Terry Pratchett and Douglas Adams.Read Fool and discover for yourself why this book has dominated bestseller lists across the world, and why it has reduced millions of grown men and women to tears of helpless laughter...	2009	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780749951160	Life on Planet Rock	Lonn Friend		For fans of heavy metal music, RIP magazine was a cultural touchstone, every bit as crucial in its day as Kerrang, NME or Rolling Stone. Lonn Friend, RIP's legendary editor, helped launch and revive the careers of innumerable acts - including Guns n' Roses, Metallica and Pearl Jam - and created some of the most enduring rock journalism of the decade, rivaling the best work of Lester Bangs and Cameron Crowe. In Life on Planet Rock, Friend describes in lucid and lurid detail how he became the Zelig-like chronicler of the biggest musical moments of the 80s and 90s, providing revealing portraits of artists as varied as Gene Simmons, Alice Cooper, Axl Rose, Jon Bon Jovi, Kurt Cobain, and Steven Tyler, among others. A candid and humorous memoir to appeal to fans of Motley Crue's The Dirt and Seb Hunter's Hell Bent For Leather, Life on Planet Rock is a wormhole back to a fast-moving time in music, filled with Dionysian excess and bombastic egos, told as only someone who was there through it all could tell it.	2006-08-03	Portrait		English				ZZZ000000
9780340979174	The Sugar Queen	Sarah Addison Allen		Twenty-seven-year-old Josey is sure of three things: winter in her North Carolina hometown is her favorite season; she's a sorry excuse for a Southern belle; and sweets are best eaten in the privacy of her hidden closet.For while Josey has settled into an uneventful life in her mother's house, her one consolation is the stockpile of sugary treats and paperback romances she escapes to each night . . .Until she finds her closet harboring none other than local waitress Della Lee Baker, a tough-talking, tender-hearted woman who is one part nemesis - and two parts fairy godmother . . .	2009-04-30	Hachette Group		English				FIC009000
9781841496542	Warlord	Jennifer Fallon		Marla Wolfblade is reeling from the loss of her closest advisor, who taught her how to rule a kingdom and to take control of Hythria. But Marla's plans for revenge are disrupted when she discovers a dangerous adversary.And on their borders, a neighbouring kingdom has massed its troops for invasion. Damin Wolfblade, Marla's eldest son, finds his ability to fight back is thwarted by tradition, politics and the dangerous foolishness of the High Prince.Back in the city of Krakendar, Damin's uncle Mahkas awaits news of the battle and has sealed the gates against his nephew's return. With the population on the brink of starvation, it seems only theft on an unprecedented scale can free Krakandar from Mahkas's madness and tyranny ... and destroy Hythria's web of secrets and lies.	2008-09-04	ORBIT		English				FIC009000
9780349114866	Warrior race,a history of the British at war from Roman times to the present	Lawrence James		Modern Britain is a nation shaped by wars. The boundaries of its separate parts are the outcome of conquest and resistance. The essence of its identity are the warrior heroes, both real and imagined, who still capture the national imagination: from Boudicca to King Arthur, Rob Roy to Henry V. Drawing upon the latest historical and archaeological research, as well as numerous untapped resources, Lawrence James charts the full reach of the British military history: the physical and the psychological impact of Roman military occupation; the monarchy's struggle for mastery of the British Isles; the civil wars of the seventeenth-century; the 'total war' experience of twentieth-century conflict. Balancing the broad sweep of history with an acute attention to detail, Lawrence James never loses sight of this most fascinating and enduring of subjects: the question of British national identity and character.	2002-09-05	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780316731553	A Whispered Name	William Brodrick		'To keep quiet about something so important . . . well, it's almost a lie, wouldn't you say?'When Father Anselm meets Kate Seymour in the cemetery at Larkwood, he is dismayed to hear her allegation. Herbert Moore had been one of the founding fathers of the Priory, revered by all who met him, a man who'd shaped Anselm's own vocation. The idea that someone could look on his grave and speak of a lie is inconceivable. But Anselm soon learns that Herbert did indeed have secrets in his past that he kept hidden all his life. In 1917, during the terrible slaughter of the Passchendaele campaign, a soldier faced a court martial for desertion. Herbert, charged with a responsibility that would change the course of his life, sat upon the panel that judged him. In coming to understand the court martial, Anselm discovers its true significance: a secret victory that transformed the young Captain Moore and shone a light upon the horror of war.	2008-09-04	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9781841496085	Shadow of Tyr	Glenda Larke		Animal House, the film adaptation of stories Chris Miller published in National Lampoon about his experiences at a Dartmouth (USA) fraternity, is among the most beloved and successful comedies of all time. Its portrayal of college party life is still imitated on campuses across America - toga party, anyone?Now, nearly thirty years after the movie hit cinemas, there are no taboos left and Chris Miller can finally answer the fans who all want to know one thing: was it really like that? The answer: Yes - but much, much more out of control!Here, for the first time, are the real stories of Alpha Delta Phi. Like the one about the frat brother who entertained the house by lighting his hair on fire - not the hair on his head, however. Or about the pledge who trick-or-treated around campus in a very revealing jack-o-lantern costume. Or about initiation night when a frozen hot dog became very painful for two rushes.	2007-12-06	Orbit		English				FIC009030
9780749929541	Steven Tyler,The Biography	Lara Jackson		Steven Tyler is one of life's natural-born survivors. With an exhaustively vibrant personality, this dynamic lead singer has been one of the most distinctive figures in rock music for more than three decades. Raised in a close, loving family, Tyler survived a tough upbringing in the Bronx. His inherent passion for performing and a talent for playing instruments propelled him into rock music as a teenager. He fronted a succession of local bands before meeting the guys with whom he would form Aerosmith in 1970. Laura Jackson reveals the stories behind Tyler's relationships with band members and the many women in his life, his battle with Hepatitis C, and his drug-fueled meltdown during the late 1970s and early 1980s, when he was snorting pure heroin. She also explores his visits to rehab in the 1980s which saved his life. Tyler has lived a roller-coaster life of excess--spending over a million dollars on drugs--but is miraculously still performing.	2010	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340933121	The Point of Rescue	Sophie Hannah		Sally is watching the news with her husband when she hears a name she ought not to recognise: Mark Bretherick. Last year, a work trip Sally had planned was cancelled at the last minute. Desperate for a break from her busy life juggling work and a young family, Sally didnt tell her husband that the trip had fallen through. Instead, she booked a week off work and treated herself to a secret holiday. All she wanted was a bit of peace some time to herself but it didnt work out that way. Because Sally met a man Mark Bretherick. All the details are the same: where he lives, his job, his wife Geraldine and daughter Lucy. Except that the man on the news is a man Sally has never seen before. And Geraldine and Lucy Bretherick are both dead . . .	2008-07-04	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9781858818849	The dark horse	Marcus Sedgwick		A boy destined to lead his clan; a girl raised by wolves; a stranger with a sealed box. These are the elements of this powerful novel, set on a rocky northern coast in a distant time, in a small community who live in dread of the coming of the legendary warrior tribe, the Dark Horse. Told in part by the boy, Sigurd, himself, it is a dark and dangerous story of conflict and betrayal.With its strong sense of time and place and the magic of a primitive people, THE DARK HORSE again confirms the exceptional talent of Marcus Sedgwick.	2003-06-12	Orion Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780755340927	Flowering Wilderness	John Galsworthy		Dinny Cherrell has been proposed to numerous times, but no one has ever come close to touching her independent spirit. That is, until she encounters Wilfred Desert. They had first met at Fleur and Michael Mont's wedding and the spark of attraction felt all those years before develops into a deep, all-consuming love. But Wilfred, a wanderer made cynical by the war, is a complicated and tortured soul. When his past actions come back to haunt him, and the disapproval of Dinny's family work against them, their love is tested to the very limit.	2009-06-01	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780755346905	The Other Side of the Stars	Clemency Burton-Hill		An unforgettable story of a young woman striving to find herself amidst the glitz and glamour of the film world. Actress Lara Latner is enjoying a golden summer - her new play is the toast of London's West End, and she and her boyfriend Alex are setting up their first home together. But when her agent calls with an extraordinary opportunity - her potential break into Hollywood - she is plunged into turmoil. For the part, the lead in an American remake of a classic French film, is the role that made her mother, tragic actress Eve Lacloche, a legend. Lara does not know what to do. How can she bear to leave Alex, and their precious home for the months of the shoot? How can she ever hope to measure up to Eve's luminous performance? But perhaps it is only by stepping into her mother's shadow that Lara can hope to truly understand her, and to lay the past to rest.	2008-11-13	Review		English				FIC027000
9780446199667	It's Our Ship,The No-Nonsense Guide to Leadership	D. Michael Abrashoff		The story of Captain Abrashoff and his command of USS Benfold has become legendary inside and outside the Navy. By governing his ship with his unique management techniques, Abrashoff turned the Benfold into a model of naval efficiency, with amazing cost savings, the highest gunnery score in the Pacific Fleet, and a highly motivated and top performing crew. In IT'S YOUR SHIP, he first demonstrated how to bring his successful management techniques from the ship to the boardroom. Now, in his newest book IT'S OUR SHIP, in the same rugged, can-do voice, Abrashoff will focus on the leadership, motivational, and management insights and tips that he has learned from his last six years of addressing business and corporate audiences. Abrashoff's timely advice will be eminently prescriptive, and will feature anecdotes and insights from leaders of businesses large and small and from public and non-profit sectors.	2008-05-12	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780758213525	Last Night's Kiss	Shirley Hailstock		A globetrotting supermodel takes a break in small-town Montana and finds herself vying for the attention of a former television news journalist. Original.	2008-08-26	Dafina Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780600617532	Massage Basics,A Pyramid Health Paperback	Wendy Kavanagh		Massage is one of the oldest forms of therapy, renowned for restoring physical and emotional wellbeing. With this book you can experiment with massage in the comfort of your own home and treat family and friends to a total pampering experience! Clear, step-by-step instructions demonstrate all the techniques you will need to aid relaxation, relieve aches and pains, release tension and improve energy levels, and also included are recipes for oils, lotions and compresses. Whether you want to treat a common ailment or simply to unwind, Massage Basics is an indispensable guide.	2009-06	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9781845334758	Shoes	Judith Miller		Charting shoe fashion from tight-laced Edwardian boots to the eccentric designer classics of today, with stunning full-colour photography, this chunky and fun collection appeals to the princess in every woman. Special feature spreads shine a spotlight the major designers, their influences and their most famous clients on celebrities and their shoes.	2009-02-02	Mitchell Beazley		English				ZZZ000000
9780340898536	A Case of Two Cities	Qiu Xiaolong		Inspector Chen Cao of the Shanghai Police Bureau is summoned by an official of the Party to lead a highly charged corruption investigation. Tentacles have spread through the police force, the civil service, the vice trade and deep into the criminal underworld. The principal figure and his family have long since fled to the United States, beyond the reach of the Chinese government. But the network is still intact and it is only a matter of time before it becomes stronger than before. Chen is charged and it is a job he cannot refuse with uncovering those responsible, and destroying the organisation from the top down to its roots. In a twisting case that reunites him with his counterpart from the US Marshals service Inspector Catherine Rohn Chen must find a measure of justice in a corrupt, expedient world.	2008-01-10	SCEPTRE		English				FIC022000
9780575076921	Barry Trotter and the Dead Horse	Michael Gerber		Barry Trotter is pretty disreputable and unpleasant. Imagine what he was like as a teenager.Here's the beginning of the whole sorry tale. Did Barry and Ermine do it? (Their homwork, that is.) How exactly did Lon end up with a hole in his head that whistles when the wind blows? Was Lord Valumart always that crass? And where did that ridiculous German accent come from?As funny and twisted as the first two books, BARRY TROTTER AND THE DEAD HORSE is also as affectionate towards JK Rowling's originals. This has lead to the books gaining a devoted following amongst fans of Harry Potter as well as being a welcome antidote for the over-egging (eeuwww) of the boy wizard. A process that we're not a part of at all. Oh no. Not even a tiny bit.	2005-10-13	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780749908775	Beneath a Rising Moon	Keri Arthur		On the werewolf reservation of Ripple Creek, a killer is on the loose. Three women are dead and Neva Grant's twin sister is fighting for her life. Neva vows to hunt down the killer, if Savannah finds the strength to live. To begin the hunt, she must seduce a member of the suspected Sinclair clan. To her dismay, the only Sinclair not under suspicion is a wolf with a hard-drinking, hard-loving reputation.Duncan Sinclair has been called back home to find a killer. Soon, he's approached by a wolf who has more than seduction on her mind, and he finds himself ensnared in a web of desire and deceit.As the murders continue, Duncan and Neva find themselves having to trust each other in order to survive. Can they trust the emotions flaring between them? Or will the lies of the present, the deeds of the past and a killer's intentions tear them apart?	2008-09-01	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780753819586	Living by the Word,Selected Writings, 1973-1987	Alice Walker		Living by the Word is a memorable collection of essays, letters and journal extracts from Pulitzer Prize winner, Alice Walker.In her own immaculate prose, Alice Walker opens an intimate window to her world - whether it be her troubled relationship with her father, her upbringing amidst the poverty of rural Georgia, her daughter Rebecca, her feelings on the banning of the Color Purple, or simply her joy in choosing plants for her garden, planning the colours of her home, or relishing the taste of freshly picked vegetables.In other essays she explores themes such as the nature of dreams, justice, folklore and the role of ancestors. She details the story of Dessie Woods who was sent to jail for murdering her would-be rapist and highlights the role of racism and prejudice in the law's treatment of black women.Finally we travel with her on her journey to China, to Bali, and a visit to Nine Miles - the birthplace of the legendary Bob Marley.	2005-10-20	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9781841495552	Magic Kingdom for Sale/Sold	Terry Brooks		Landover was a genuine magickingdom, complete with fairy folk and wizardry, just asthe advertisement had promised. But after he purchased itfor a million dollars, Ben Holiday discovered that therewere a few details the ad had failed to mention...Such as the fact that the kingdom is falling into ruin.The barons refuse to recognize a king and taxes haven'tbeen collected for years. The dragon, Strabo, is layingwaste to the countryside, while the evil witch,Nightshade, is plotting to destroy no less thaneverything. And if that weren't enough for a prospectiveking to deal with, Ben soon learns that the Iron Mark,terrible lord of the demons, has challenged allpretenders to the throne of Landover to a duel to thedeath - a duel no mere mortal can hope to win.But Ben Holiday has one human trait that even magic can'tovercome. Ben Holiday is stubborn.	2007-05-14	Orbit		English				FIC009010
9780749909758	Memory Zero	Keri Arthur		Sam Ryan has no memory of her past. All she has is a crayon drawing of a woman with the word 'Mummy' scrawled underneath. For the ten years Sam's been with the State Police, she's used their resources to search for any clues to her identity. But it's as if all mention of her family has been deliberately wiped off the system, and no one knows why.Everything changes the night her missing partner, Jack, attempts to kill her. Charged with his murder, Sam finds herself accepting help from Gabriel Stern - a shapeshifter with secrets of his own. As Sam delves into her partner's death, she discovers that not only is he very much alive, but he's involved with an organisation that plans to destroy the human race. Worse, someone knows the truth about Sam's past, and it appears that they'd rather see her dead than have her uncover it.	2009-09-01	Piatkus, Judy Publishers		English				ZZZ000000
9780749909512	The Modern Grandparents' Guide	Jackie Highe		Today, the role of the grandparent has never been more vital. Modern-day parents are under enormous pressure - they need to work, which means they don't have enough time to spend with their children and they look to their parents to fill the emotional gaps. Jacqui Highe tackles in depth all the many aspects of being a grandparent today, dealing with delicate issues like separated parents, interference and financial help ? as well as the legalities of custody and rights access.The book explores - through the stories of people who are experiencing the situation for themselves - all the heart-searching, humour and absolute joy of being a grandparent.	2008-09-04	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9781840729696	Cupcakes galore	Gail Wagman		The cupcake is back. This comprehensive collection of all time classicecipes contains loads of old favourites to bring back sweet memories ofhildhood, and load of new and exciting recipes that will have the wholeamily pleading for more. Delicious photographs of the author and her familyn the kitchen accompany 120 cupcakes. The chapters include: Grandma'savourites - classic cupcake recipes, e.g apple-cranberry crumble cupcakesnd meringue pie cupcakes; Kids Stuff - cupcakes to tempt tiny taste buds, e. peanut butter and jelly cupcakes and cookies and cream cupcakes; Holidayupcakes - the perfect cupcake to celebrate every occasion, e.g Halloweenumpkin and pecan cupcakes and July 4th velvet cupcakes; After Dinner - sweetreats to finish your meal, e.g cappuccino cupcakes and margarita cupcakes;nd Gourmet - cupcake recipes with that extra special something, e.g tiramisuupcakes and cre'me brulee cupcakes.	2006-03-30	MQ Publications		English				ZZZ000000
9780752891644	Deeper Than the Dead	Tami Hoag		Thomas Crane is a normal ten-year-old boy, except for one thing - his father may be a serial killer. Peter Crane is a community leader, but his seeming generosity may be a clever cover for cultivating his own victims. Meredith Crane plays the role of the perfect wife, standing by her man, but is she standing in the way of justice?Duane Larkin has a history of violence that may determine his son's future and send him down a dark path. Even at the tender age of ten, Dennis Larkin is a troubled boy with twisted fantasies of cruel acts committed against the weak and vulnerable.Tony Mendez is a tenacious veteran homicide detective, determined to bring the killer down - no matter who he might be. And FBI Special Agent Anne Navarro is a woman in a man's world, a scientist in the midst of hard-nosed cops. But with her own quiet determination she will do her part to solve the crimes - and perhaps save a child in the process.	2008-12-31	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780575079946	Dr Bloodmoney	Philip K. Dick		Seven years after the day of the bombs, Point Reyes was luckier thanmost places. Its people were reasonably normal -- except for the girl withher twin brother growing inside her, and talking to her. Their bartereconomy was working. Their resident genius could fix almost anythingthat broke down. But they didn't know they were harbouring the one manwho almost everyone left alive wanted killed . . .	2007-03-08	GOLLANCZ		English				FIC028000
9780575079229	Emperor	Stephen Baxter		A woman gives birth to her child in a village in Northern England, the cold northern edge of the Roman Empire. As she struggles through a painful labour she begins to scream out a series of words in Latin. A language she has never heard before, much less spoken. One of the family recognises the words for what they are. Only later does it become clear that the women has spoken a prophecy. A prophecy that relates to the death of the Emperor Constantine/ A prophecy that if enacted will change the fate of the Roman Empire and all of the future beyond it. Stephen Baxter's new series takes ordinary individuals living at history's tipping points and presents them with a prophecy that challenges everything they believe about their world and prompts them to take action that could change it forever. The fourth volume reveals the nature of the prophecies and reveals a battle that has been fought through the ages.	2007-02-08	Gollancz		English				FIC028000
9780575086616	Eternal Light	Paul McAuley		In the aftermath of an interstellar war an enigmatic star is discovered, travelling towards the Solar System from the galactic core. Its appearance adds a new and dangerous factor in the turbulent politics of the inhabited worlds as the rival factions - the power-holders of the ReUnited Nations, the rebels who secretly oppose their power, and the Religious Witnesses - all see advantages to be gained. But what awesome technology started the star on its journey half a million years ago - and why?	2009-09-03	Victor Gollancz Limited		English				FIC028000
9781842557112	Rosie	Pippa Funnell		Tilly spends every spare minute at Silver Shoe Farm getting to know Magic Spirit and discovering more about her special gift with horses. But she longs for a pony of her own, and often helps her friends Cally and Mia take care of their pony, Rosie. Then Cally has some news and though it takes everyone by surprise, Tilly realises that sometimes good things happen when you least expectFor every girl who has ever longed for a pony of her own, these delightful, warm and engaging stories are packed with Pippa's expert advice on everything you ever wanted to know about horses.	2009-07-02	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9781857231465	The player of games	Iain Banks		Science fiction-roman.	1989	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9780752876856	Scarlet Feather	Maeve Binchy		Cathy Scarlet and Tom Feather have decided to create the best catering company in Dublin. They have the perfect premises, heaps of talent, and even a few contacts - but not everyone seems as pleased by the idea of 'Scarlet Feather' as they are. Tom's parents are disappointed that he has turned his back on the family business. Cathy's husband buries himself in work, becoming ever more distant, whilst his mother thinks Cathy should stay at home to look after him. And Tom's relationship with his beautiful, ambitious girlfriend becomes fraught as she struggles to realise her dream of becoming a model. As Cathy and Tom strive to maintain their emotional ties amidst catering triumphs and disasters they are supported - and undermined - by an enchanting cast of classic Binchy characters.	2005-12-20	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780575986565	Terry Pratchett's Hogfather,The Illustrated Screenplay	Terry Pratchett		Hogswatchnight is fast approaching, and the Hogfather (that jolly fat man who delivers presents to the kiddies) is missing. But it's vital that all the presents are delivered, otherwise the sun won't rise tomorrow. However, there is another supernatural entity who can be everywhere at once and, most importantly, knows where everybody lives. And Death reckons that with a false beard and a few cushions, it might just work. And while Death is busy working out the mysteries of climbing down chimneys and drinking sherry, it's up to Susan to track down the real Hogfather. It's a dark time of the year. There are monsters afoot. And some of them look just like us. HO HO HO. You'd better watch out . . . Terry Pratchett's bestseller, adapted and directed by Vadim Jean, is a BAFTA-winning two-part live-action/CGI film starring David Jason for Sky One.	2009-11-12	Victor Gollancz Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780446581486	Reduce Me to Love,Unlocking the Secret to Lasting Joy	Joyce Meyer		#1 New York Times bestselling author Joyce Meyer pointsout, "You can't give away something you don'thave!" Many people who are trying to walk inGod's love are doing so in their own strength,but they can't demonstrate God's love becausethey never stop to receive it themselves. BecauseGod is love, loving and being loved iswhat makes life worth living. Once you learnhow to truly accept God's unconditional lovefor you and walk in love like Jesus did, youwill discover the sweet peace, deep joy, andunfailing strength that come with being willingto say, "REDUCE ME TO LOVE!"	2007-05-22	FaithWords		English				ZZZ000000
9780747247029	Sanctuary	Faye Kellerman		In the comfortable surrounds of Los Angeles an affluent Jewish family disappears into thin air. The father's trade is diamonds, a risky international business, and despite the lack of bodies Detective Sergeant Pete Decker knows something is wrong. Then Honey Klein, his wife Rina's old schoolfriend, comes to stay, pulling her children out of school on a surprise - and to Decker suspicious - jaunt. Honey's husband, whose religion has recently turned to fanaticism, is also in diamonds and according to his wife currently on business in Israel. Then Honey and her children vanish, their rented car found empty at the edge of the freeway, and again Decker senses danger - danger that stems from a network of ruthless international politics, danger that could spill on to his own family's doorstep...	1995	Headline		English				FIC022020
9781842550878	The boy with the lightning feet	Sally Gardner		Timmy Twinkle is chubby. That means he gets bullied at school and hasn't any friends. He longs to play football, but he's hopeless at games. He's miserable. And it doesn't help when Gramps tells him about Great-Uncle Vernon, a chubby boy who grew up to be a famous footballer.Then his gran's friend May comes to stay. May is a fitness fanatic who knocks Timmy and Gramps into shape in no time, and Timmy discovers there's magic in his toes - he can kick a ball just like Great-Uncle Vernon. And when Timmy performs on the football field, everyone wants to be friends with him. A lovely story of a child whose unhappiness is dispelled by the discovery of a magical gift.	2006-05-04	Orion Children's		English				ZZZ000000
9780786018888	Enter Evil	Linda Ladd		A veteran storyteller and the author of "Head to Head" delivers her fourth chilling serial-killer novel featuring edgy homicide detective Claire Morgan. Original.	2009-07-28	Pinnacle Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781841813431	Feng Shui Life Coach,Become the Person You've Always Wanted to Be with Feng Shui	Simon G. Brown		The ancient art of feng shui has long been used to maximise the energy of homes and living spaces. Now expert author Simon Brown shows you how to use the same principles to heal and transform your inner space, just as it works on the rooms in which you live and work. Featuring step-by-step instructions and guidance on defining your goals and becoming sensitive to the energies around you, this indespensible guide also features detailed decor plans for the key rooms in your home - everything you need to maximise the potential of feng shui.	2009-04	Godsfield		English				ZZZ000000
9780749938130	Full Moon Rising	Keri Arthur		Praise for Keri Arthur: 'Keri Arthur's imagination and energy infuse everything she writes with zest' Charlaine Harris; 'Smart, sexy and well conceived, thoroughly enjoyable' Kim Harrison; 'Australian author Arthur's fast-paced fantasy-romance... Strong, smart and capable, Riley will remind many of Anita Blake, Laurell K. Hamilton's kick-ass vampire hunter.' Publishers Weekly	2007	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780575079847	Galactic North	Alastair Reynolds		"Centuries from now, humanity, as factional and fractious as ever, has spread throughout the solar system and beyond, to the worlds around the nearest stars. Technology means powerful new tools, but with those advances come lethal risks. The Demarchists and Conjoiners fight wars over the basic right to augment human intelligence beyond its natural limits. The nervous, paranoid Ultras crew the vast lighthugger starships that bind these squabbling colonies together. The hyperpigs try to keep their heads down. The rich get richer ... and everyone tries not to think about the worrying number of extinct alien civilisations that the explorers keep finding out beyond the margins of settled space - because who's to say that humanity won't be next?" "Galactic North, Alastair Reynolds' first collection: eight novellas and short stories, three brand-new for this volume; eight glimpses into the dark and turbulent universe of Revelation Space."--BOOK JACKET.	2008	Gollancz		English				FIC028000
9780446195201	I dare you,embrace life with passion	Joyce Meyer		"#1 New York Times bestselling author Joyce Meyer issues the challenge to embrace life with passion and get busy fulfilling your calling."--Provided by the publisher.	2007	Faithwords		English				ZZZ000000
9781856752503	Pilates,simple routines for home, work & travel	Alan Herdman		An easy exercise routine that fits into any daily routine whether eating breakfast, standing on the train or sitting at your computer; Exercises that will improve the way you look, how you feel about yourself and help reduce stress levels; Easy step-by-step instructions that can be used wherever you are, whatever you are doing - no need for special equipment or a gym; Quick and easy exercises to help your body and mind work in harmony, to improve your posture and to reduce those niggling aches and pains; Fully photographed with clear, easy-to-follow instructions.	2006-01-15	Gaia		English				ZZZ000000
9780600615705	Cocktail,Over 200 of the Best	Hamlyn		From classics like the Manhattan and Dry Martini to contemporary cocktails like the Godfather Sour and the Rattlesnake, here are 200 of the all-time best mixed drinks. But this is no mere recipe collection: with instructions for creating stunning layered effects in the glass, making novelty garnishes, and adding cocktail ingredients in the correct order, learn to present your cocktail right. Plus, novice bartenders will find tips for matching spirits with their ideal partner, such as gin with citrus and berry flavors, and tequila with tomato and ginger, or tart fruit. In addition to a concise history of each drink, advice for choosing the right glass, using shakers, blenders, and other tools of the trade will ensure both a pleasurable and perfect cocktail every time.	2007-10-01	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780749938529	Dark Destiny	Christine Feehan		As a child, Destiny saw her family butchered by a vampire who then attacked her and turned her into a creature of the night. The only thing that saved her sanity was a strange psychic connection with a soothing male voice that gave her hope and taught her how to survive.Nicolae Von Shrieder is an ancient Carpathian vampire hunter, and it is he who has been helping Destiny. Convinced she is his lifemate, he has been desperately searching for her, as only she can save him from turning into the very abomination he hunts. Destiny however, does not recognise any difference between Carpathians and vampires and repeatedly refuses his advances.But, for the first time, vampire forces are gathering together in a deadly unified plot against the Carpathians. Nicolae must find a way to earn Destiny's trust, and fast, as they may be the only ones able to unravel the secret that could save the Carpathian race from total destruction.	2007-11-08	Piatkus Books		English				FIC027030
9780446618939	Demon's Hunger	Eve Silver		The Compact of Sorcerers, a brotherhood sworn to protect the wall between the human and demon realms, is thrust into battle with an unseen evil that threatens to destroy them all... Forensic anthropologist Vivien Cairn fears she's losing her mind. Her libido has kicked into overdrive, and she's blacking out, leaving hours of her life unaccounted for and no memory of where she's been or what she's done. But when a sexy stranger rescues her from a demon attack, Vivien realizes there's more than just her sanity at stake. A seductive killer is luring victims, and Sorcerer Dain Hawkins finds himself walking a dangerous line between ancient duty and sizzling desire when the brotherhood--and Vivien herself--begins to suspect that her mysterious symptoms may connect her to the crimes. Can Dain save Vivien from the evil that threatens to claim her? Or will they both succumb to... DEMON'S HUNGER	2008-12-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781408305539	Summer Activity Annual	Daisy Meadows		This Rainbow Magic Summer Annual is full of fun and excitement! There are stories to enjoy, games to play and enough activities to keep even the most active fairy fan amused for hours!	2009-06-04	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9780758208927	Really Unusual Bad Boys	MaryJanice Davidson		From the wildly talented "New York Times"-bestselling author Davidson comes a trio of outrageously passionate stories that take bliss to new, unusual heights.	2008-08-26	Brava		English				ZZZ000000
9780340837528	Sandworms of Dune	Brian Herbert&Kevin J. Anderson		As the no-ship Ithaca flees through space, the heroes of HUNTERS OF DUNE finally meet the Enemy who followed the violent fanatics, the Honored Matres, back to their universe. The thinking machines vanquished by Serena Butler's jihad were not destroyed, only driven into exile - and now, tens of thousands of years later, they are back. Can the resurrected heroes on board the Ithaca save our race from annihilation?	2008-03-20	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780752876917	Saucer,the conquest	Stephen Coonts		Rip Cantrell and former Air Force test pilot Charley are back!When Charley takes a job flying space-planes to the moon for the French lunar base project, she finds an anti-gravity beam generator, a weapon that the crazed project director intends to use to make himself ruler of the earth. Charley steals the plane and returns to base. In retaliation, the French kidnap Rip's uncle and force him to fly the saucer hidden in Area 51 to the moon - and the only thing capable of catching it, is the original Sahara saucer, now stored in the National Air and Space Museum.The chase is on!	2006	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9781603200417	Sports Illustrated Swimsuit: The Complete Portfolio	Editors of Sports Illustrated		The editors of "Sports Illustrated" revisit the destinations of their most recent travels to bring together a lavish, large-format collection in what is sure to be the first in a series of annual swimsuit yearbooks. 100 color photos.	2008-10-28	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9780316014847	A Job for Jenny Archer	Ellen Conford&Diane Palmisciano		Convinced that her family is poor because her parents refuse to get her a horse or a swimming pool, nine-year-old Jenny Archer follows her own path to making money, including a plunge into real estate that puts her house on the market.	2006-04-05	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers		English				ZZZ000000
9780753827444	A Madman Dreams of Turing Machines	Janna Levin		This is a remarkable fiction debut from a young female physicist obsessed with two giants of twentieth century science: Kurt Godel, the greatest logician of the age, and Alan Turing, the breaker of the Enigma code.Janna Levin tells their parallel lives in a haunting story of tortured genius, persecution and death. Godel became delusional and paranoid to the point he starved himself to death. Turing, despite his brilliant war work, was hounded to destruction because he was homosexual. Both men devoted their lives to the highest truths of abstract nature, yet were unable to grapple with the everyday world.A MADMAN DREAMS OF TURING MACHINES is a haunting, elegaic story that flows back and forth between Turing, Godel and the author.	2010-01-21	Orion Publishing Group, Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780749941345	Acts of Mercy	Mariah Stewart		Former FBI agent Sam Delvecchio's first assignment for missing person's unit The Mercy Street Foundation has all the telltale signs of a serial killer's work. And his grim suspicion is confirmed when agent Fiona Summers shares the details of two other killings with eerie similarities. When a fourth victim is then discovered, it's obvious that they're pursuing the same twisted quarry.Then Sam and Fiona realise the killer's horrific intent ? the staging of the Catholic Church's seven Acts of Mercy with the bodies of his victims. But it's not until they are both racing to prevent the final three murders, and they start receiving taunting messages from their target, that the terror really begins...	2009-08-27	Piatkus Books		English				FIC022000
9780806530666	Around the World on Two Wheels,Annie Londonderry's Extraordinary Ride	Peter Zheutlin		Zheutlin pens the remarkable story of one woman--Annie Londonderry--one bike, and one incredible journey that would change the face of sports, feminism, and America itself. Illustrated.	2008-09-23	Citadel Press		English				ZZZ000000
9780600608042	Basic Chess	David Levens		Chess is the world's most popular board game--and now anyone can play, with this straightforward, jargon-free introduction. Written especially for beginners, it's the most comprehensive manual available and includes everything from explanations of each piece to orchestrating endgames. In addition to expert advice, simple instructions, and more than 200 easy-to-follow diagrams, novices will find aggressive openings, the top-ten traps and attacks, basic tactical principles, specimen games to learn and crib from, and a test your chess IQ section. And, to keep the momentum going, there's guidance on how to practice-including playing computer chess and joining a club.	2005-10-15	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9781844083138	Black Orchids	Gillian Slovo		When the genteely impoverished and rebellious Evelyn marries the charming Emil, scion of a privileged Sinhalese family, she thinks that her dream of a life in England can now at last come true. So the family travel, with their young son Milton, from Ceylon to Tilbury Docks. But this is England in the 1950s and, no matter how hard Evelyn wishes that it would, England does not take kindly to strangers, especially families who are half black and half white.A profound and moving novel, this is the story about the search to feel at home in your own skin.	2009-06-23	VIRAGO		English				ZZZ000000
9781857987898	Jem	Frederik Pohl		"A cynical and compelling tale of politics, exploitation and colonisation on another planet."	2001-05-10	Gollancz		English				FIC028000
9780751533385	The kills	Linda Fairstein		Date rape is always difficult to prove, and the case against New York consultant Andrew Tripping is no exception. Tripping and 36-year-old investment banker Paige Vallis had had dinner together three times before the March evening when he invited her to his apartment and attacked her. Or so she says. Manhattan Sex Crimes Prosecutor Alexandra Cooper needs to know all the facts if she is to find justice for Paige Vallis, but Paige seems to have something to hide. . . .	2004-12-09	Time Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9781841497051	The Eternal Prison	Jeff Somers		Avery Cates is a wanted man. After surviving the worst bioengineered disaster in history, Cates finds himself incarcerated - in Chengara Penitentiary. As Chengara has a survival rate of exactly zero, the System's most famous gunner must do some serious plotting. And a betrayal or so later, he achieves his goal. At a price.All he has to do next is defeat some new personal demons, forge some unlikely alliances, and figure out why the people he's killed lately just won't stay dead. Plus pull off the biggest assassination of his career ...	2010	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780806531328	Dark Mysteries of the Vatican	H. Paul Jeffers		The defender of the faith for more than 16 centuries, the Vatican became the repository of many secrets, making it the focus of countless legends, myths, and mysteries. Veteran journalist Jeffers unveils the Church's highly controversial scandals and cover-ups.	2010	Citadel Press		English				ZZZ000000
9781844085934	The Group	Mary McCarthy		THE GROUP follows eight graduates from exclusive Vassar College as they find love and heartbreak, forge careers, gossip and party in 1930s Manhattan.THE GROUP can be seen as the original SEX AND THE CITY. It is the first novel to frankly portray women's real lives, exploring subjects such as sex, contraception, motherhood and marriage.	2009-12-03	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780752842677	The lost get-back boogie	James Lee Burke		Trouble is brewing and Frank Riordan is the only one willing to stop it. As he wages a one-man campaign to shut down the local pulp mill that is polluting the air and devastating the environment, tensions are growing - and so is the level of power he's up against. It is becoming more than Frank can handle.The man who can help already has troubles of his own. Iry Paret is trying put the past behind him, having served time for accidentally killing a man. He heads west to make a fresh start in Montana on Frank's ranch. But he hadn't expected to fall in love with the estranged wife of Frank's son, a strong, dynamic and beautiful woman who will test the limits of Iry's loyalty to his friends.	2003-11-06	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780340999547	The Initiation and the Captive	L. J. Smith		In this, the bind up of The Initiation and The Captive Part 1, is the start of Cassie's story. Forced to move from sunny California to gloomy New England, Cassie is homesick - until she forms a bond with a group of teenagers at her school. This clique rules the school - no one dare cross them - but Cassie feels a strange kinship with them, and when she is initiated into their 'secret circle' she is both terrified and thrilled to be part of a coven of witches that have controlled New Salem for hundreds of years...But then Cassie falls in love. Now she has a tough decision to make: does she walk away, or does she step over to the dark side?	2010	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781844082391	Selective Memory	Katharine Whitehorn		On her husband's choice of neckwear:Did you buy that tie?''Of course I did - how do you think I got it?''I assumed it had been given away free with something.'Katharine Whitehorn pioneered the first of the personal columns. She told us how it really was. She was funny - and smart. The Observer's star columnist for 40 years, she is also famous for COOKING IN A BEDSITTER. Much loved for her frankness and honesty, her autobiography is about family, studying at Roedean, work on Fleet Street and about her long marriage to the recently deceased crime writer Gavin Lyall 'Marriage is the water in which you swim, the land you live in . . . once a widow you have to learn to live in another country in which you are an unwelcome refugee.'	2008-01-01	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780340832264	The Dark Tower 4. Wizard and Glass	Stephen King		The Dark Tower beckons Roland, the Last Gunslinger, and the four companions he has gathered along the road. And, having narrowly escaped one world, they set out on a terrifying journey across the scarred urban wasteland to brave a new world where hidden dangers lie at every junction: a malevolent computer-run monorail hurtling towards self-destruction, Roland's relentlessly cunning old enemy, and the temptation of the wizard's diabolical glass ball, a powerful force in Roland's first love affair. A tale of long-ago love and adventure involving a beautiful and quixotic woman named Susan Delgado. And the Tower is closer...	2003-10-01	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340961063	An Affair Before Christmas	Eloisa James		One spectacular Christmas, Miss Perdita 'Poppy' Selby met the man she thought she would love forever. The devilishly attractive Duke of Fletcher was everything the convent-educated girl wished for in a suitor and their wedding day was perfect. Unfortunately, no one had quite prepared Poppy for what would happen next. Four years later, Poppy and the duke have become the toast of High Society but behind closed doors the spark of their love affair has burned out. Fortunately, Poppy has a friend in Jemma, the Duchess of Beaumont. Jemma, who is toying with another man herself, reveals to Poppy a world of strategy and desire that will change Poppy's whole outlook on love forever.	2008-10-30	Hodder & Hodder Paperbacks		English				FIC027050
9780755330980	Another Woman's Husband	Sarah Duncan		An intriguing, sexy and gripping tale of marriage, mothers and daughters, and choosing the right kind of life. Becca thought she was happy. She's been with her husband Martin so long it rarely occurs to her that there could be any other way; her fourteen-year-old daughter is growing up to be confident and clever; and she has an unusually good relationship with her parents. But when her mother announces that she's leaving Becca's father, suddenly everything changes. Becca's in freefall, as everything she thought was certain is slipping away. When Martin becomes too preoccupied with training for the marathon to listen to her concerns, Becca is drawn, dangerously, to a man who has no right to pursue her.... Whether her marriage will survive or not, Becca's woken up, and she's never going to be quite the same woman again.	2008-05-15	Headline Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780316122030	Arthur and the big blow-up	Stephen Krensky		If Arthur and Buster cannot find a way to get Francine and the Brain to stop fighting, their soccer team will never make it to the play-offs.	2000-04-01	Little, Brown and Company		English				ZZZ000000
9780316125574	Arthur loses his marbles	Marc Brown&Stephen Krensky		rthur's Grandma Thora is a marbles champion! Who knew? With Grandma as his coach, Arthur is sure to win the first-ever Elwood City Marbles Tournament. But Grandma Thora doesn't teach him everything, and she's entered the tournament too. Who will triumph in the Read versus Read showdown? As the drama keeps the pages turning, Arthur's fans who are now ready to read on their own will cheer for their favorite aardvark!	2004	Little, Brown and Company		English				ZZZ000000
9781842556221	The Magic Bedtime Storybook	Vivian French&Emily Bolam		A book of ten enchanting stories set in a magical forest with a wonderful cast of fairies, wizards, trolls, witches, dragons, and pixies. We follow Ruby and her companion Spotty the frog, on their quest to fill her story-bag before the full moon. The stories are all new and full of fun, magic and woodland charm.There's a map of the enchanted forest, and the adorable characters recur throughout the book, brought to life by Emily Bolam's fantastic illustrations. The combination of a very strong commercial idea and an exceptionally popular and saleable author and artist make THE MAGIC BEDTIME BOOK the perfect story collection.	2008-04-17	Orion Publishing Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780751542011	The Wine Diet	Roger Corder		Wine drinkers are generally healthier and often live longer. They have less heart disease and diabetes, and are less likely to suffer from dementia in old age. Is this the wine, their diet or their lifestyle?THE WINE DIET is a complete nutritional lifestyle and contains the very latest groundbreaking research from an internationally renowned scientist and his team.* Proved at last: drinking red wine really is good for you.* Identified! The antioxidant that unlocks the real secret of the French Paradox.* As well as wine you can get the same benefits from a variety of delicious foodstuffs, including chocolate.* Lose weight - and keep it off - as a result of straightforward lifestyle adjustments.* Enjoy 40 delicious new recipes and benefit from the author's practical cooking tips and eating plans.	2009-01-01	Little Brown Books Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780600619116	Thin Thighs,A Pyramid Health Paperback	Karen Burke		Cellulite, the dreaded dimpled fat that tends to accumulate on the hips and thighs, affects more than 90% of women. But now help is at hand to combat this unsightly condition: leading dermatologist and research scientist Dr Karen Burke shows how you can make your skin look smoother and healthier, and be slimmer and more energized in as little as 30 days - all with minimum effort! * Step-by-step exercises and recipes banish cellulite and give you trim, toned thighs. * Super-effective movements and simple surface treatments instantly enhance your skin's appearance. * Easy-to-prepare, great-tasting dishes satisfy hunger and help to improve your looks and overall health.	2010-12-14	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780752883465	Time for a Change	Erica James		Hilary had always thought she'd lived a charmed life. With a caring husband, David and two lively children, she took an active part in both family and village life. Then, one Monday morning, Hilary's world is turned upside down. She discovers that David is having an affair. How could he? How could he put at risk their children and everything they have built together over the years? But the question is, what should Hilary do? Turn a blind eye, much as neighbour Cindy has done over her own husband's various dalliances? Confront him, as her outspoken new friend Georgia suggests? Or perhaps she should throw herself at attractive newcomer to the village Nick Bradshaw... Whatever happens, it seems certain that for Hilary, life is never going to be quite the same again.	2008-05-01	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780340512159	A passage to India	Edward Morgan Forster		In this Readers' Guide, Betty Jay considers the establishment of Forster's reputation and the various attempts of critics to decipher the complex codes that are a feature of his novel. Successive chapters focus on debates around Forster's liberal-humanism, with essays from F. R. Leavis, Lionel Trilling and Malcolm Bradbury; on the indeterminacy and ambiguity of the text, with extracts from essays by Gillian Beer, Robert Barratt, Wendy Moffat and Jo-Ann Hoeppner Moran; and on the sexual politics of Forster's work, with writings from Elaine Showalter, Frances L. Restuccia and Eve Dawkins Poll. The Guide concludes with essays from Jeffrey Meyers and Jenny Sharpe, who read A Passage to India in terms of its engagement with British imperialism.	1991	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780752848068	A spy's life	Henry Porter		Robert Cope Harland ended his career as a British spy in an Austrian hospital, after being tortured and beaten by Czech security agents in the last days of the communist regime. He was young enough then to find a new life with the Red Cross and then with the UN.Twelve years later his UN plane crashes in mysterious circumstances at La Guardia airport, New York and Harland is the only survivor. Was it sabotage, and if so, was Harland the target? It is soon clear to Harland that the answers are to be found in his past, a past which, along with its secrets and tradecraft, he has desperately tried to forget. And now the crash has thrown him back into a world of relentless intrigue and mistrust, to his youth, and a life-changing love affair . . .'A taut new thriller about international espionage . . . Deftly orchestrating a byzantine plot and a multinational cast of characters, Porter creates a chilling global masquerade in which no one is who he (or she) pretends to be' VANITY FAIR	2002-05-09	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780316115568	Arthur Accused!	Marc Brown		Arthur's friend Buster is searching for a crime to solve. When the quarters Arthur has collected for Mrs. MacGrady's charity drive mysteriously disappear, Buster is committed to cracking the case. Will Buster be able to prove Arthur's innocence so that he can attend the class picnic? For beginning readers, this suspenseful adventure will surely be a hit.	1998-05-01	Little, Brown, and Co.		English				ZZZ000000
9780316122306	Muffy's Secret Admirer	Marc Brown&Stephen Krensky		Three new chapter books feature Arthur and his friends for fans ready to read on their own. Each book features longer Arthur Adventures at a third-grade reading level and has loads of kid appeal. Arthur is in top form as he tries to figure out who Muffy's secret admirer is, enters a poetry contest with all his friends, and attempts to rein in Buster's ego when he becomes a local hero. Arthur fans will want to read and collect all of these new chapter books!	1999-10-01	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780755349760	No Law in the Land	Michael Jecks		The new riveting novel from the West Country's medieval crime master Michael Jecks. King Edward II is furious when he learns that his wife Queen Isabella has defied him and remains in France with their son. As the unfortunate messengers of this unhappy news, Sir Baldwin de Furnshill, Keeper of the King's Peace, and his friend, bailiff Simon Puttock, are instantly dismissed from court. Returning to their homes in Devon, the pair are shocked to find that outlaws now hold sway in the land. As the chaos escalates, the bodies of two clerics are found among a party of travellers, all of them - men, women and children - savagely murdered. Baldwin and Simon are called to investigate, but when they discover the culprit is a friend of the king, they become wary about accusations of treason. Until, that is, Simon's own daughter suddenly disappears...	2009-07-01	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781844086184	Orchids on Your Budget,Live Smartly on What You Have	Marjorie Hillis		"It's not difficult to have fun out of economizing (up to a point), both because of the sense of achievement it gives you and because everyone else is doing it, too. . . . A slight financial pressure sharpens the wits, though it needn't sharpen the disposition. But it takes an interesting person to have an attractive menage on a shoe-string and to run it with gaiety and charm. . . . Maybe you would rather play polo than pingpong, but if you've got an old pingpong set and no ponies, you'll get a lot more fun out of life from being a pingpong champion than from taking a dispirited whack with a polo mallet every now and then." First published in 1937, Orchids on Your Budget gives advice on all manner of subjects, from entertaining and creating the perfect capsule wardrobe to relinquishing the family estate. Easing worries about how to put the advice into practice, each chapter concludes with a case study providing examples of women who heededand those lamentable souls who ignoredMarjorie's wise words.	2010	Virago UK		English				ZZZ000000
9780753823712	Red Mutiny,The True Story of the Battleship Potemkin Mutiny	Neal Bascomb		RED MUTINY tells how the sailors of Imperial Russia's newest and most powerful battleship, POTEMKIN, seized control and flew the red flag of revolution in June 1905. It is a tale of dramatic adventure, naval battles, heroic sacrifices, treachery and intrigue at the court of the last Tsar. A dedicated band of revolutionaries inspire and lead the sailors to overthrow their tyrannical officers, but the POTEMKIN finds itself steaming around the Black Sea with the rest of the fleet in pursuit. Hunted from port to port, the mutineers enter Odessa, sparking a bloody insurrection (made famous by Eisenstein's film) and bringing Imperial Russia to its knees. As Lenin and many others recognised at the time, this was the key event that would make the Russian revolution possible. The political consequences of this mutiny were profound, but the author concentrates on the individuals involved in these dramatic events: it is a brilliantly realised, cinematic treatment that really brings the story to life.	2008-04-16	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780752876818	The copper beech	Maeve Binchy		By the school house at Shancarrig stands a copper beech, its bark scarred with the names and dreams of the pupils who have grown up under its branches. Under Junior Assistant Mistress Maddy Ross's careful gaze the children play, but out of school Maddy's gaze lingers where it shouldn't. Maura Brennan, a bundle of fun from the rough end of town, plays with her pals: leap year baby Eddie Barton, the apple of his mother's eye, and Nessa Ryan, who little realises as she carves his name at the roots of the copper beech on the very last day of school that she'll get a lot more from one of her schoolmates than her first shy kiss.The copper beech is the gateway to Maeve Binchy's marvellous portrait of a small Irish town whose untroubled surface conceals the passions, rivalries, friendships, ambitions and jealousies beneath.	2005	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780340952382	The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon	Stephen King		'The world had teeth and it could bite you with them anytime it wanted.' Trisha McFarland discovers this when she is nine years old. Trying not to be terrified. Trying not to think that sometimes when people get lost in the woods they get seriously hurt. Sometimes they die. In Trisha's panic to get back on the track, she takes turnings which lead her deeper and deeper into the woods. The only thing that keeps her going is her Walkman on which she listens avidly to Red Sox baseball games, creating an imaginary friendship with her hero Tom Gordon. And as she struggles for survival and a way out, she realises she's not alone. There's something else in the woods - and it's watching her...	2007-10-31	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781409100263	Harry Bosch Novels	Michael Connelly		A DARKNESS MORE THAN NIGHTLead investigator on a murder case that saw the arrest of the son of a wealthy and powerful man, Harry Bosch now finds himself in the midst of a high stakes trial where his every method is questioned. Meanwhile, criminal profiler Terry McCaleb is called to a murder scene where the killer has left a message that seems to implicate Bosch. The pair, first at odds, must now work together to clear Harry's name...CITY OF BONESWhen the bones of a young boy are found scattered in the Hollywood Hills, Harry Bosch is drawn into a case that recalls the darkest memories from his own haunted past. Then a love affair begins to blossom for Bosch - until a disastrous mission leaves him in more trouble than ever before, as he faces an unimaginable decision...LOST LIGHTWhen he left the LAPD, Harry Bosch took a file with him - the case of a film production assistant murdered four years earlier during a $2 million robbery on a movie set. The LAPD think the stolen money was used to finance a terrorist training camp. Thoughts of the original murder victim are lost in the federal zeal, and when it seems the killer will be set free to aid the feds' terrorist hunt, Bosch finds himself in conflict with his old colleagues and the FBI.	2008-07-10	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780446618489	The Leopard Prince	Elizabeth Hoyt		THE ONE THING A LADY MUST NEVER DO...Wealthy Lady Georgina Maitland doesn't want a husband, though she could use a good steward to run her estates. One look at Harry Pye, and Georgina knows she's not just dealing with a servant, but a man.IS FALL IN LOVE...Harry has known many aristocrats - including one particular nobleman who is his sworn enemy. But Harry has never met a beautiful lady so independent, uninhibited, and eager to be in his arms. WITH HER SERVANT.Still, it's impossible to conduct a discreet liaison when poisoned sheep, murdered villagers, and an enraged magistrate have the county in an uproar. The locals blame Harry for everything. Soon it's all Georgina can do to keep her head above water and Harry's out of the noose...without missing another night of love.	2007-04-01	Warner Forever		English				ZZZ000000
9780758231666	The Mane Squeeze	Shelly Laurenston		When Gwen--half lioness, half tigress--meets shape-shifting grizzly Lachlan "Lock" MacRyrie, she finds someone that does not embarrass her like her crazy family and someone to protect her from a murderous enemy who hates hybrids--especially her. Original.	2009-11	Kensington Publishing Corporation		English				ZZZ000000
9781844085224	Diary of a Provincial Lady	E. M. Delafield&Jilly Cooper		With a cover design by Cath KidstonBehind this rather prim and proper title lies the hilarious fictional diary of a long-suffering, disaster-prone Devon lady of the 1930s, and her attempts to keep her somewhat ramshackle household from falling into chaos: there's her husband Robert, who, when he's not snoozing behind The Times, does everything with grumbling reluctance; her gleefully troublesome children; and a succession of tricky servants who invariably seem to gain the upper hand. And if her domestic trials were not enough, she must keep up appearances. Particularly with the maddeningly patronising Lady Boxe, whom the Provincial Lady eternally (and unsuccessfully) tries to compete with.	2008-06-24	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780349122441	Dribble!,The Unbelievable Encyclopaedia of Football	Harry Pearson		Ten years in the making, this A-to-Z of incredible facts and stories about what Pele once memorably dubbed "my bloody job," includes definitive explanations of everyday phrases such as "the magic of the cup" and "low center of gravity;" a complete guide to becoming a terrace wit; and an in-depth account of how Roy Keane's pajamas got him a smack on the nose. It also addresses hitherto ignored aspects of the beautiful game, including its longstanding relationship with country and western music.	2010	Little, Brown Book Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780749929664	Energy Medicine,How to Use Your Body's Energies for Optimum Health and Vitality	Donna Eden		Donna Eden is a pioneer in the field of energy medicine. In this important book she shows you how to work with you body's energy to create physical, psychological and spiritual health and wellbeing. Discover how to:* Bring more energy and vitality into your everyday life* Use simple techniques to overcome tiredness and lethargy* Cure common complaints and prevent disease* Work with the eight major energy systems of the body for health and healing* Heal your mind, body and soulEnergy medicine is a beautifully written, step-by-step approach for everyone who wants to achieve a healthier body, a sharper mind and a more joyful spirit.	2008-12-04	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780349102146	Espedair Street	Iain Banks		Daniel Weir used to be a famous - not to say infamous - rock star. Maybe still is. At thirty-one he has been both a brilliant failure and a dull success. He's made a lot of mistakes that have paid off and a lot of smart moves he'll regret forever. Daniel Weir has gone from rags to riches and back, and managed to hold on to them both, though not to much else. His friends all seem to be dead, fed up with him or just disgusted - and who can blame them? And now Daniel Weir is all alone. As he contemplates his life, Daniel realizes he has only two problems: the past and the future. He knows how bad the past has been. But the future - well, the future is something else.	2003	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780349121307	Fatboy and the Dancing Ladies	Michael Holman		Ferdinand Mlambo, the youngest boy ever to become senior kitchen toto at State House, is in big trouble. Not only has disloyalty to Kuwisha's corrupt Life President cost him his prestigious job, but he has also been stripped of his name. Word goes out across the slums: henceforth he will be known as Fatboy. With the help of Titus, leader of the notorious Mboya Boys gang of street children, Mlambo sets out to recover his name - and his dignity. Affectionat e, funny and sharply observant, FATBOY AND THE DANCING LADIES is a satirical tale of East Africa and the resilient residents of Kireba, patrons of Harrods International Bar (and Nightspot), presided over by the irrepressible Charity Mupanga.	2008-09-23	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780575076235	Changing planes	Ursula K. Le Guin		ARMCHAIR TRAVEL FOR THE MIND: It was Sita Dulip who discovered, whilst stuck in an airport, unable to get anywhere, how to change planes - literally. With a kind of a twist and a slipping bend, easier to do than describe, she could go anywhere - be anywhere - because she was already between planes . . . and on the way back from her sister's wedding, she missed her plane in Chicago and found herself in Choom. The author, armed with this knowledge and Rornan's invaluable Handy Planetary Guide - although not the Encyclopedia Planeria, as that runs to forty-four volumes - has spent many happy years exploring places as diverse as Islac and the Veksian plane. CHANGING PLANES is an intriguing, enticing mixture of GULLIVER'S TRAVELS and THE HITCH HIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY; a cross between Douglas Adams and Alain de Botton: a mix of satire, cynicism and humour by one of the world's best writers.	2005-01-13	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780446673877	Chinese business etiquette,a guide to protocol, manners, and culture in the People's Republic of China	Scott D. Seligman		East-West business is booming as thousands of people flock to China. The author, with 25 years of experience dealing with the Chinese, provides up-to-date advice on how to succeed, avoid gaffes, interpret behaviour and make positive impressions.	1999-03-01	Warner Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780755346172	Cityboy,Beer and Loathing in the Square Mile	Cityboy&Geraint Anderson		'Who is Cityboy? He's every brash, suited, FT -carrying idiot who ever pushed past you on the tube. He's the egotistical buffoon who loudly brags about how much cash he's made on the market at otherwise pleasant dinner parties. He's the greedy, ruthless wanker whose actions are helping turn this world into the shit-hole it's rapidly becoming. For one period in my life, he was me.' In this no-holds-barred, warts-and-all account of life in London's financial heartland, Cityboy breaks the Square Mile's code of silence in his own inimitable style, revealing explosive secrets, tricks of the trade and the corrupt, murky underbelly at the heart of life in the City. Drawing on his experience as a young analyst in a major investment bank, the six-figure bonuses, monstrous egos, and the everyday culture of verbal and substance abuse that fuels the world's money markets is brutally exposed as Cityboy describes his ascent up the hierarchy of this intensely competitive and morally dubious industry, and how it almost cost him his sanity.	2008-10-30	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780751529968	The Stargate Conspiracy	Lynn Picknett&Clive Prince		The Stargate Conspiracy is the ground-breaking expose of the most dangerous - and insidious - plot of our times. It reveals the existence of an extraordinary, long-term scheme to harness many of the most exciting and radical ideas of the late twentieth century, and centres on the belief that the ancient Egyptian gods were real extra-terrestrial beings - and that they're about to return to usher in a new age.Tracing the intricate network of intelligence operatives, leading politicians, cutting-edge scientists, certain 'New Egyptologists', New Age cults and would-be Messiahs back to its roots, Lynn Picknett and Clive Prince reveal a shocking political subtext behind the conspiracy. The sugar-coating of exciting ideas about returning ancient gods is designed to conceal a bitter pill indeed - which, in all innocence, millions seem happy to swallow.	2000	Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9780751532388	A Summer of Discontent	Susanna Gregory		In is 1354, and the Bishop of Ely has been accused of a most terrible murder. Glovere was steward to Lady Blanche de Wake, a close relative of the King. A malicious gossip, his body was discovered days after the Bishop had publicly threatened him. Protesting his innocence, the Bishop summons Cambridge proctor Brother Michael to help clear his name. When Michael and his friend, Matthew Bartholomew, inspect the body, they realize someone has stabbed him quite precisely in the back of the neck. When two similar murders are discovered, it is clear that whoever the murderer is, he is getting better and better at his modus operandi.	2003	Time Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9780719595202	Sunshine,Why We Love the Sun	Robert Mighall		Robert Mighall is h opelessly addicted to sunshine. He climbs ladders to catch the last rays of the descending sun and takes regular sun breaks during the working day, joining the smokers outside for his own furtive fix. An obsessive, yes, but he is only an extreme example of our national type. Sunshine explores this obsession. nbsp; It explains how sunshine became a symbol of health, hope and freedom in the early 20th century, and why we have much to thank the nudists for. It explores why sunshine gives us pleasure, the rites and rituals of modern sun-worship, and how this love affair finds expression in the books we read, the films we watch, and the songs we hear every day. nbsp;nbsp;nbsp; nbsp; Witty, romantic and absurdly obsessive , Sunshine illuminates something everybody loves, yet nobody has attempted to capture between two covers. It is also an open love letter to the most fickle mistress northern man ever served. nbsp; nbsp;	2009-05-14	John Murray		English				SCI058000
9780349104997	Tales from the South China Seas,images of the British in South-East Asia in the twentieth century	Charles Allen&Michael Mason		First published 1983	1994-01-06	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780446578530	The 100 Greatest Sales Tips of All Time	Leslie Pockell&Adrienne Avila		A collection of practical advice culled from the examples of such figures as Benjamin Franklin, Dale Carnegie, and Billy Graham shares insights into how to develop the art of the sale while maintaining personal and professional principles.	2006-02-24	Warner Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781846169724	The Phone Goes Dead	Anthony Horowitz		Two dark and creepy tales by Anthony Horowitz, a master-storyteller and the best-selling author of the Alex Rider series. David's mobile won't stop ringing, but these are no ordinary callers. He seems to have a hotline to heaven - or is it to hell? Isabel has a nasty feeling that the Victorian bath her parents have installed is waiting for her - and it isn't for a bubble bath, more a blood bath . . .	2008-05-08	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9780340751787	House Harkonnen	Brian Herbert&Kevin J. Anderson		Duke Leto Atreides is now the skilful and much-loved ruler of Caladan, served by loyal Duncan Idaho. To his court come Gurney Halleck, despised slave of the Harkonnens - and Jessica, the exquisite, perfectly trained concubine chosen by the Reverend Mothers of the Bene Gesserit to be the mother of Leto's daughter. Meanwhile, on Dune - planet Arrakis - House Harkonnen ruthlessly harvests the precious, mind-enhancing drug called spice. And Baron Vladimir is slowly being consumed by a loathesome disease. Rabban Harkonnen - House Atreides' most implacable enemy - prepares to take over his uncle's empire.	2001-03-15	New English Library		English				ZZZ000000
9780316733120	Long walk to freedom,the autobiography of Nelson Mandela	Nelson Mandela		The riveting memoirs of the outstanding moral and political leader of our time, Long Walk to Freedom brilliantly recreates the experiences that shaped Nelson Mandela's destiny. In this illustrated edition, these beautifully reproduced photographs bring to life the exhilarating story of a born leader: a story of hardship, resilience and ultimate triumph.	2006-02-02	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9781603200820	Instyle the New Secrets of Style,Your Complete Guide to Dressing Your Best Every Day	InStyle Magazine Editors&inStyle Magazine		The latest edition ofInStyle's top-selling classic, TheNew Secrets of Stylefeatures even more expert guidance for looking fabulous. The editors who have madeInStyletoday's leading style publication take the mystery out of fashion with plenty of practical and simple strategies for building your best wardrobe. WithThe New Secrets of Style, you'll never again stand in front of a full closet and declare that you have nothing to wear! What you'll learn fromThe New Secrets of Styleis that the key to dressing well and developing a personal style is surprisingly uncomplicated: Figure out what works best for you-and stick with it. The payoff? When your clothes work, life's a lot simpler. Inspired by Hollywood 's most fashionable,The New Secrets of Stylehelps you stock your closet with beautiful, flattering pieces you can just pull out, put on and go. It begins with the basics: choosing styles that work with your shape, finding the right fit for all your clothes, and focusing your choices-so you'll end up with a wardrobe that coordinates, complements and fits. The next step: adding creativity, allowing your clothes and accessories to express your personal style. The result is a confident look that's all your own. A clear, convenient reference guide,The New Secrets of Styleis highly organized and simple to read. Each chapter analyzes a different aspect of your wardrobe, from lingerie to coats, and features "flattery" charts arranged by body type. Throughout, informative, annotated overviews tell you how to select classic pieces and must-have items in every clothing category.	2009-10-27	Time Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9780749942588	Black and white	Jackie Kessler&Caitlin Kittredge		Jet, the darling good girl of the city, uses her shadow-power to battle the forces of evil. But her shadows also mask the fierce demons that only she, her mentor, and her former best friend - and now arch-nemesis - know about.Iridium is that former best friend: able to wield the power of light, she trained as a hero only to become one of the most infamous villains in the city - for what she feels are truly heroic reasons.Alternating between the present-day threat and their past exploits as friends, and later rivals, at the Superhero Academy, the novel brings these two women to vivid life, portraying the complexities of being a true hero in a world determined to categorise you in a neat box of good or evil - black or white.	2010-01-01	Piatkus Books		English				FIC009000
9781847442000	Breakneck	Erica Spindler		Detective MC Riggio is about to get married. In her late twenties, she is at a crossroads in her life. After a lot of knocks, it seems as though everything is on track for her.But then MC's cousin Tommy is brutally murdered, and suddenly nothing will be the same again. A cold, emotionless serial killer is on the loose; someone who kills cleanly and without leaving any trace. A killer who has the potential to rip apart MC's family ? and to leave her dreams ripped to shreds.MC must use her grief to fuel the hunt to catch Tommy's killer. With her detective partner Kitt Lundgren she embarks on a desperate race against time to unmask a killer unlike any other....	2009-04-02	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780446698498	Working with You Is Killing Me,Freeing Yourself from Emotional Traps at Work	Katherine Crowley&Kathi Elster		Two well-respected management experts deliver an authoritative manual that provides valuable insights for turning conflicts in the workplace into productive working relationships.	2007-03-14	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781857989809	World's End	Mark Chadbourn		When Jack Churchill and Ruth Gallagher encounter a terrifying, misshapen giant beneath a London bridge they are plunged into a mystery which portends the end of the world as we know it. All over the country, the ancient gods of Celtic myth are returning to the land from which they were banished millennia ago. Following in their footsteps are creatures of folklore: fabulous bests, wonders and dark terrors As technology starts to fail, Jack and Ruth are forced to embark on a desperate quest for four magical items - the last chance for humanity in the face of powers barely comprehended.	2000	Victor Gollancz Limited		English				FIC009000
9781420108446	The Guest List	Fern Michaels		Satisfied with her life and a new relationship, Abby Mitchell is most happy to be reunited with her sister, who was separated from her after their parents died. The siblings are planning a sumptuous party, unaware that an uninvited guest is coming, one who'll do anything to help keep the past hidden. Reissue.	2009-01-27	Zebra Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781857990867	Hill Station	James Gordon Farrell&John Spurling		To the cool of the Simla hills comes a reluctant Dr McNab, with his wife and young niece. for Emily, romance is in the air. for the mysterious Mrs Forester, there is scandal brewing. and for the Bishop of Simla, rainclouds are not the only storms on the horizon...The Hill Station is the novel on which J.G. Farrell was working at the time of his tragically early accidental death. It demonstrates powerfully what a great loss to world literature this was.	1993-04-01	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780747260769	The Horus killings	Paul Doherty		After the death of her husband Pharoh Tuthmosis II, Hatusu has confounded her critics by winning a great battle against the Mitanni. Aided by her lover, Senenmut, she is determined that all sections of Egyptian society should accept her as the first Pharaoh-Queen of Egypt - an acceptance that needs the favour and support of the priests. When a spate of killings takes place in the Divine Temple of Horus, the naturally superstitious priests interpret this as a sign of the Gods' disapproval of Hatusu's rule of Egypt. The royal city turns once again to respected judge Amerotke to find the truth.	2000-04-06	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9781841496122	Shadow and Betrayal	Daniel Abraham		In a remote mountain academy, the politically expendable younger sons of the Great Houses study for an extraordinary task. Most will fail, some will die, but the reward for the dedicated few is great: mastery of the andat, and the rank of Poet. Thanks to these men - part sorcerers, part scholars - the great city-states of the Khaiem enjoy wealth and power beyond measure, and the greatest of them all is Saraykeht: glitteringwel of the Summer Cities.There are those in the world, however, who envy such wealth. There are great riches to be had in the Summer and Winter Cities, and only the threat of the andat unleashed holds the enemies of the Khaiem in check. Conflict is brewing in the world. Alliances will be broken and friends betrayed. The lowly will be raised up, the mighty will fall and innocents will be slaughtered. And two men, bound to each other by an act of kindness and an act of brutality, may be all that stands between the civilised world and war. War and something worse . . .	2009-09-25	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9780755338863	The Man Who Was Thursday,A Nightmare	G. K. Chesterton		The Supreme Anarchists Council is dedicated to overthrowing the world order. To keep their identities a secret, each of the members has been named after a day of the week. Gabriel Syme, an eccentric poet, is recruited by Scotland Yard to infiltrate the group. He tracks down the six other men and manages to win a place on the council. But after a bizarre twist of events, Syme quickly realizes that appearances are never what they seem in the dangerous world of the political underground.	2007-11-01	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781841493145	The novice	Trudi Canavan		An epic trilogy of the magicians of Imardin, who gather each year to purge the city of undesirables. But a young girl penetrates their shield and secures a place in the Magicians' Guild. Original.	2004-07-01	Orbit		English				FIC009000
9780446178440	One Deadly Sin	Annie Solomon		COMING HOME IS MURDER... Revenge. Edie Swann has hungered for it since she fled her hometown as a little girl. Now she's returned, ready for payback. Armed with a list of names, she leaves each one a chilling sign that they have blood on their hands. Her father's blood. What happens next turns her own blood cold: one by one, the men she's targeted start dying. Sheriff Holt Drennen knows Edie is hiding something. She has a haunted look in her eyes and a defiant spirit, yet he can't believe she's a murderer. As the body count rises and all evidence points to Edie, Holt is torn between the town he's sworn to protect and the woman he's come to desire. But nothing is what it seems. Long buried secrets begin to surface, and a killer won't be satisfied until the sins of the past are paid in full--this time with Edie's blood.	2009-05-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780749952655	One scream away	Kate Brady		One step away...Seven years ago Beth Denison was attacked by a killer named Chevy Bankes. Since then, she's created a new life for herself and her daughter. But now Bankes is out of prison and the gifts he sends her - disfigured dolls that carry the same mutilations as his victims - tells Beth he's coming for her.One breath away...Ex-FBI agent Neil Sheridan is driven to investigate a chain of murders that are eerily similar to a disturbing case from his past. When the killer's trail dead-ends at Beth's doorstep, Neil finds a beautiful woman with a secret she'll do anything to keep.One scream away...Yet even as Beth surrenders to Neil's protection, she can't tell him why Bankes hungers to hear her scream, and why she'll soon consider doing the unthinkable: face Bankes alone.	2009	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780446675215	Big Deal,Mergers and Acquisitions in the Digital Age	Bruce Wasserstein		Big Deal is a penetrating look at the world of mergers and acquisitions. Bruce Wasserstein has worked on over 1,000 deals and reveals the inside story of the billion dollar deals that shape America's economy.	2001-09-01	Warner Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780752864945	Brandenburg	Henry Porter		The Stasi was among the most sophisticated intelligence organisations inthe world, but by the end of the 1980s the Orwellian state of East Germany was collapsing around it. The special squads of armed officers, the torture chambers in the Stasi jail, the hundreds of thousands of informers could do nothing to prevent the rebellion that saw the fall of the Berlin Wall.It is in the context of these last few paranoid weeks of the Communistworld, when a population that had been oppressed for nearly sixty yearsfound the will to rise up, that this outstanding thriller is set. Its hero is DrRudolf Rosenharte, an academic from Dresden and agent for MI6; hiscontroller is Robert Harland, from A SPY'S LIFE and EMPIRE STATE.When Rosenharte's security is compromised he is faced with a starkchoice: to defect to the West, leaving his beloved family to the mercies ofthe Stasi, or return to East Germany to carry out a dangerous assignmentunder the Stasi's suspicious eye...	2006-08-10	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780751531183	The Charm School	Nelson DeMille		#1 New York Times bestselling author, Nelson DeMille, delivers an explosive thriller of international intrigue and high-voltage political tension set in contemporary Russia.On a dark road deep inside Russia, a young American tourist picks up a most unusual passenger a U.S. POW on the run with an incredible secret to reveal to an unsuspecting world. The secret concerns "The Charm School," a vast and astounding KGB conspiracy that stands poised against the very heartland of America. Arrayed against this renegade power of the Soviet state are three Americans: an Air Force officer, who will fly one last covert mission into the center of a mad experiment; an embassy liaison, who will have her hopes for a saner superpower balance brutally tested; and the chief of the CIA's Moscow station, who will find his intricate dance of destiny and death reaching its devastating conclusion.	2000-11-02	Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9780340979259	Art of Compassion	Martin Smith&Martin Smith et al		CompassionArt is a new charitable project founded by musician Martin Smith and his wife Anna. Twelve of today's most highly respected musicians have collaborated to produce an album of new worship songs, with all proceeds to go to charity. In the book to accompany the album, THE ART OF COMPASSION, each of the artists writes a chapter highlighting the key issues of the project and offers discussion on the link between worship and justice, and art and action.	2009-01-08	Hodder & Hodder Paperbacks		English				ZZZ000000
9780575077737	The Brightonomicon	Robert Rankin		Were you aware that there are, hidden in the streets of Brighton, twelve ancient constellations, like the Hangleton Hound and the Bevendean Bat? Well, there are, and on each one hangs a tale, a tale so strange that only The Lad Himself, that inveterate spinner of tales and talker of the toot, Hugo Rune, can get to the bottom of them. And he'd better do it quickly, because if he doesn't solve the dozen mysteries before the year is out, that'll be the end of the world as we know it.	2006-08-03	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780600612421	How to Decorate	Lara Larkin		How do I paper a wall? How many tiles will I need? What colour works with blue? How can I give my kitchen a modern retro look? Find the answers to all your decorating questions with this comprehensive step-by-step guide. Expert advice on tools, techniques and buying the right type and quantity for painting, wall-papering, tiling and flooring. Discover the tricks of the trade for using colour and pattern successfully every time. Learn how to make the most of your home with style ideas, design tricks and much more.	2005-11-15	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780316017305	How to Profit from the Coming Rapture,Getting Ahead When You're Left Behind	Ellis Weiner&Steve Levy&Barbara Davilman&Steve and Evie Levy		Are the end times near? Is the Rapture really just around the corner? Could Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson possibly be right? About 1 billion people among us believe, yes, absolutely.And that means one thing: investment opportunities!For those who are not as expertly versed in the Book of Revelation, Ellis Weiner and Barbara Davilman, authors of the bestselling Yiddish with Dick and Jane, helpfully offer both illumination and advice: What exactly is the Rapture, anyway? How is it different from the Tribulation? Who are the Antichrist, the Four Horsemen, and the 144,000 male virgins, and what do they want? And, most important, how can I make money during the 7 years of societal breakdown before Armaggedon? Taking the familiar form of a how-to investment guide, HOW TO PROFIT FROM THE COMING RAPTURE instructs those readers who will certainly be left behind (Jews, Catholics, Muslims, Buddhists, Hindus, less ardent Protestants, and many more) on how to exploit the inevitable demise of the world in order to make a tidy profit. Sure, the rivers and seas will run with blood, locusts will swarm, mountains will move all over the place, and famine will strike. But for the five billion of us left behind, the post-Rapture world will be a time of even more unique investment opportunities.	2008-11-03	Little, Brown and Company		English				ZZZ000000
9780747259220	Jupiter's bones	Faye Kellerman		Emil Ganz was always extraordinary. Child genius. Prize-winning astrophysicist. And then, aged 40, missing person. A decade later he re-emerges as Jupiter, guru of an apocalyptic new age cult, bringing shame on his family, worrying local parents and intriguing Detective Pete Decker. But when he's found dead, apparently from an overdose, the consequences of his death are even more extraordinary, and terrifying, than of his life.	2000-01-06	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780749909659	Cosmic Energy,How to Harness the Invisible Power Around You to Transform Your Life	Anne Jirsch&Monica Cafferky		COSMIC ENERGY is the amazing new book from top psychic Anne Jirsch. Everyone has heard of cosmic ordering; COSMIC ENERGY takes the process one step further and teaches you how to harness the pure power of the universe to transform all areas of your life. Learn how to reveal your life's purpose; attract positive people into your life; connect to all the wealth and happiness in the world; maximise your wellbeing ? and that of your loved ones.In her friendly, accessible style, Anne provides exercises to help you tap into your own chi and connect to the flow of the universe. She inspires you through the stories of the people she has helped, and provides you with tools to create the life you deserve.	2009-03-05	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780316112963	Crystal Doors #2: Ocean Realm	Kevin J. Anderson&Rebecca Moesta		Fourteen-year-old cousins Gwen and Vic are still celebrating their victory in the battle with the merlons when they learn that Vic's father has finally made it through the crystal doors to the magical island of Elantya.However, their victory is short-lived when they and their friends are kidnapped by their underwater enemies and taken beneath the sea they soon learn of a scheme that could bring Elantya to ruins.Can they escape in time to save the island from destruction?	2008-05-01	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers		English				ZZZ000000
9780751539691	The Cupid Effect	Dorothy Koomson		There are four words Ceri D?Altroy never wants to hear: ?I took your advice?. She?s all for following your heart and living your dreams, but not because she?s told you to do so. Unfortunately, having moved away from London to become a psychology lecturer, all she seems to do is inspire people to change their lives.There?s Ed, who?s decided to ask out a woman who is way out of his league; Mel and Claudine, two people who are now tempted to start an illicit affair; and Gwen, the chain-smoking head of department who has a deep, dark secret she only wants to share with her new employee.No-one who comes into contact with Ceri is ever the same again. Could this unsuspecting young woman be a modern-day Cupid?	2007-08-02	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9780758227300	Damsel in Distress	Carola Dunn		Daisy's erstwhile suitor Phillip Petrie is madly in love with Gloria Arbuckle, daughter of a millionaire Yank, who is kidnapped by a band of thugs. Enlisted by Phillip to locate his missing sweetheart, Daisy must resist the temptation to bring dashing Detective Inspector Alec Fletcher in on the case. But as she closes in on the kidnappers' rural hideaway, Daisy suspects Gloria isn't the only damsel in distress. Martin's Press.	2008-09-30	Kensington Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781846166921	Charlie and Lola's Animals	Lauren Child		In an addition to the brilliant board book series, Animals is bound to be a sure-fire hit with young Charlie and Lola fans everywhere.	2007-07-19	Orchard Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781846166914	Charlie and Lola's Colours	Lauren Child		Two more first concept board books from the unstoppable Charlie and Lola, now Animals and Colours using artwork and material from the original and bestselling Charlie and Lola picture books. Simple but clever spreads beautifully produced with the usual inimitable Charlie and Lola style.	2007-07-19	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781846164521	Charlie and Lola's Numbers	Lauren Child		Two first concept board books from the unstoppable Charlie and Lola, including opposites and numbers using artwork and material from the original and bestselling Charlie and Lola picture books. Simple but clever spreads beautifully produced with the usual inimitable Charlie and Lola style	2007-03-15	Orchard		English				JNF013030
9781846164538	Charlie and Lola's Opposites	Lauren Child		Two first concept board books from the unstoppable Charlie and Lola, including opposites and numbers using artwork and material from the original and bestselling Charlie and Lola picture books. Simple but clever spreads beautifully produced with the usual inimitable Charlie and Lola style	2007-03-15	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				JNF013050
9781843629610	Choo Choo Clickety-Clack!	Margaret Mayo		Through tunnels rattling, at stations stopping. Clickety clack! Off they go! Young children will love travelling on an action packed journey through this busy book of vehicles, jam-packed with trains, planes, racing cars, sailing boats and more! Other best-selling vehicle books from the same author and illustrator team include "Dig Dig Digging" and "Emergency!"	2006-04-06	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9780316491976	The Soul of a New Machine	Tracy Kidder		Computers have changed since 1981, when Tracy Kidder indelibly recorded the drama, comedy, and excitement of one company's efforts to bring a new microcomputer to market. What has changed little, however, is computer culture: the feverish pace of the high-tech industry, the mystique of programmers, the go-for-broke approach to business that has caused so many computer companies to win big (or go belly up), and the cult of pursuing mind-bending technological innovations. By tracing computer culture to its roots, by exploring the "soul" of the "machine" that has revolutionized the world, Kidder succeeds as no other writer has done in capturing the essential spirit of the computer age.	2000-06-01	Back Bay		English				ZZZ000000
9780753819630	The switch	Elmore Leonard		Black Ordell Robbie and white Louis Gara have lots in common - time in the same gaol, convictions for auto theft, and a grand plan. They're going to snatch the wife of a Detroit developer and collect some easy ransom money. At least that's what they think...What they haven't figured on is the fact that the husband has a secret mistress and has absolutely no desire to get his wife back. So now it's time for Plan B. With the help of one seriously ticked-off housewife they are going to take the scumbag for everything he's got...	2004-12-02	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780340597705	The Vets	Stephen Leather		Hong Kong is going back to the Chinese, but not before one man tries to pull off the most daring robbery of them all. Using the hard-bitten skills of four Vietnam veterans, Colonel Joel Tyler is about to rake in the millions, and throw the international community into chaos at one of the most crucial moments of world history.	1994-03-02	Coronet		English				ZZZ000000
9780753818329	The world at night	Alan Furst		Spionroman fra Paris under tyskernes okkupation under 2. verdenskrig.	2005-07-07	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9781845334420	Miller's Collectables Price Guide 2009	Judith Miller&Mark Hill		Every year more than 4,000 items are photographed to make Miller's Collectables Price Guide the most comprehensive and informative price guide on the market. Whether you're buying or selling, a dealer, collector or auctioneer, this is the book you need to help you keep track of the international market. Whenever you're buying or selling always take Judith with you.	2008-10-15	Octopus Publishing Group		English				ANT000000
9781844080335	Moral disorder	Margaret Atwood		A moving new book of fiction whichcould be seen as a collection of eleven stories that isalmost a novel hellip; or a novel broken up intoeleven interrelated stories.It resembles a photograph album - a series of clearlyobserved moments that trace the course of a life, andalso of the other lives intertwined with it - those ofparents, of siblings, of children, of friends, ofenemies, of teachers and even of animals. As in aphotograph album, times change, and every decade is here,from the 1930s through the rs"50s, rs"60sand rs"70s to the present day. The stories followthe central character through large cities, suburbs,farms and northern forests, and through the cycle ofchildhood and adolescence into adulthood. By turns funny,lyrical, incisive, tragic, earthy, shocking, and deeplypersonal, Moral Disorder displays Atwoodrs"scelebrated storytelling gifts and unmistakable style totheir best advantage. As The New York Times says,ls"the reader has the sense that Atwood hascomplete access to her peoplesrs" emotionalhistories, complete understanding of their hearts andimaginations.	2007	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780340954508	New day, new you	Joyce Meyer		New Day, New You draws from 19 of Joyce Meyer's most popular books to provide her readers with a fresh word from God for each day of the year. Each devotion is an excerpt selected from one of her books, selected for the encouraging and strengthening messge it offers. Joyce streses the importance of spending even just a few minues every morning with God. This leads to a fresh start for each day, no matter what has gone before.	2007-10-18	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780749927851	Patrick Holford's new optimum nutrition for the mind	Patrick Holford		A totally revised and expanded edition of a bestselling book Optimum Nutrition for the Mind is the classic guide to improving your mood, boosting your memory, sharpening your mind and solving mental health problems through nutrition. Pa	2007-05-24	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780755338221	Just the Three of Us	Clare Dowling		An Irish, contemporary, romantic comedy about relationships and what happens when the romance wears off. Judy is getting married on Saturday and it's a military operation: the dress, the three-tiered cake, the uncle that nobody will sit beside at the reception. She knows it'll be worth it, though, because marriage is forever, right? But the night before, fiancAtilde;copy; Barry mysteriously goes missing and, to add insult to injury, his credit card shows up two days later in a nightclub in the south of France. Has he just got cold feet? Fanning her fury and grief is Lenny, Barry's best man, and king of the one-night stand. Why let commitment ruin a perfectly good romance? Lenny argues. With the love of her life romping around France, Judy just might be in the mood for a little romance -" with no strings attached, of course...	2007-12-06	Headline Book Publishing		English				FIC000000
9780747249566	A Time for Us	Josephine Cox		Lucy Nolan is a golden girl. When Jack Hanson asks her to marry him, she is ready to give up everything for him. But tragedy strikes, and for the first time, Lucy is forced to realize that Fate, which has been so kind to her, can also be cruel.	1997-03-06	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780752837482	A Walk Among the Tombstones	Lawrence Block		"The wife of Kheran Khoury, heroin wholesaler, is killed after he haggles over the price of her ransom. With the help of two computer geniuses, a streetwise punk, drug lords and his friend, ex-cop Scudder, they track the killers through the back streets of Brooklyn."	2000-12-07	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780340839911	A Woman of Cairo	Noel Barber		Son and daughter of diplomats in Cairo, the gentle Serena Pasha and Mark Holt are good-looking and privileged, growing up in a magical world of champagne breakfasts and midnight picnics at the pyramids. Their lives entwined since childhood, they grow ever closer as adults. Yet Serena's hand has been promised not to Mark, but to his brother, Greg. However, as the Second World War speeds closer to Cairo, a terrible accident gives these young lovers a second chance - and with this chance comes terrible dangers. Egypt is threatened not only by the German army but by nationalist forces within Cairo determined to end the British occupation at any cost. The country torn apart, and with enemies on all sides, Mark and Serena's love is tested to the limit.	2007-04-01	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781845332563	Advanced Digital Photography,Techniques and Tips for Creating Professional-Quality Images	Tom Ang		Digital photography has come of age: not only are sales of digital cameras overtaking conventional cameras both in unit sales and value, but amateur photographers can now obtain image quality to match that of the professionals. Advanced Digital Photography tells readers how to advance their digital photography, and helps increase their skills, success rate, and enjoyment. This book brings together authoritative technical background with secrets from power users and numerous picture-making ideas all designed to take the reader's digital photography several steps further. By showing numerous sets of before and after images, by showing the chosen shot as well as discarded options, this book illustrates the processes that lead to advanced digital photography. Key effects such as duotone modes, unsharp masking, Curves manipulation, and channel mixing are discussed in depth but in clear and simple language. Central topics such as colour management, resolution, and scanning are also treated in depth with five workshops and step-by-step guides to enable the reader to lay a superb foundation for improving their digital photography. By bringing together a wealth of material in a single volume, Advanced Digital Photography is a must-have book for the modern photographer.	2007-02-15	Mitchell Beazley		English				PHO024000
9780749936563	One Night of Sin	Gaelen Foley		Praise for Gaelen Foley: 'Gaelen Foleys talents, like fine wine, only improve with each new book.' ROMANTIC TIMES 'Sizzling and sexy' MARY JO PUTNEY	2006-08-31	Piatkus Books		English				FIC027050
9781840914832	Outdoors,the garden design book for the twenty-first century	Diarmuid Gavin&Terence Conran		Outdoors covers a range of garden uses from relaxation to entertainment. Readers are encouraged to look beyond the garden gate to consider garden styles worldwide. The book provides practical information on how to fulfil the requirements for each garden type and as well as presenting classic solutions, the authors provide imaginative, inspirational and up to date alternatives. Today's designed gardens also provide the appropriate means for putting conservation philosophies into practice whether it be for wildlife, recycling or water-wise gardening. Includes practical advice on how to design your own garden and fifteen case studies throughout the book, personally chosen by the authors, demonstrate how innovative design can be translated to the garden whether on a grand scale or in the creative detailing that sets one garden apart from another. This exciting book, redefines garden design for the twenty-first century and shows the best and most stimulating examples from around the world. Whether you live in the town or country and regardless of the size of your garden Outdoors will be an invaluable source of information and inspiration.	2007-09-15	Conran Octopus		English				ZZZ000000
9781601621580	Payback	Roy Glenn		When his wife is kidnapped by drug dealers, ultra powerful club mogul Mike Black must enlist the aid of his old friend Nick Simmons to rescue her. In a series of action-packed confrontations, Mike must not only contend with his wife's disappearance but must also fight off corporate takeover, solve a murder, and discover the one man who is behind it all.	2009-07-28	Kensington Publishing Corporation		English				ZZZ000000
9780752893907	Attila 3. The Judgement	William Napier		The infamous leader of the Huns stills thirsts for blood and supremacy as he crosses the Danube and prepares to attack the Western Empire and face once more his boyhood friend-turned-foe: Aetius the Roman.For Attila is set on a plan that will take him right through the entire Italian peninsular and up to the gates of Rome. He must weigh up whether he should attack this, the greatest of cities, or whether the gamble is too high, even for the most battle-hardened of warlords. In this tumultuous conclusion to the life of the warrior, we see the biggest choices of his blood-soaked career played out, and travel with him right into the silken tent where Attila must ultimately face his destiny.	2008	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780316014199	Bartlett's Shakespeare Quotations	John Bartlett&Justin Kaplan		Bartlett's is celebrating its 150th anniversary by releasing a beautiful collection of quotations that capture the wisdom, humor, and timelessness of Shakespeare.	2005-10-26	Little, Brown and Co.		English				ZZZ000000
9780340954225	Battlefield of the Mind,Winning the Battle in Your Mind	Joyce Meyer		'Our actions are a direct result of our thoughts. If we have a negative mind, we will have a negative life. If, on the other hand, we renew our mind according to God's Word, we will prove out "the good and acceptable and perfect will of God" for our lives.' Worry, doubt, confusion, depression, anger and feelings of condemnation ndash; all these are attacks on the mind. But take heart! Joyce Meyer has helped millions to change their lives by changing the way they think. Joyce Meyer's all-time bestselling book: Shows you how to control the thousands of thoughts you have every day Helps you to recognise damaging thoughts that can influence your life Identifies the 'Wilderness Mentalities' that hold us back Demonstrates how to focus your mind to think the way Jesus thought Joyce shares the trials, tragedies and ultimate victories from her own marriage, family and ministry that have led her to amazing, life-transforming truth, and reveals her thoughts and feelings every step of the way.	2008-08-21	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				REL012000
9780749928254	The Spiritual Healing Handbook,How to Develop Your Healing Powes and Increase Your Spiritual Awareness	Jack Angelo&Jan Angelo		. The Spiritual Healing Handbook is the ideal companion to Jack Angelo's bestselling book Your Healing Power. Drawing on their healing work and teaching experiences, Jack and Jan Angelo provide much-needed, step-by-step advice and guidance on the spiritual aspect of healing.* Explains the basics of spiritual healing* Provides illustrated step-by-step exercises to help you to develop more powerful and rewarding healing techniques* Gives guidance on how breathing, meditation, the etheric body, chakras, intuition and psychic awareness will help you channel healing energies* Includes advice on self-healing and working as a healerBased on the extensive experience of two highly regarded healers and teachers, The Spiritual Healing Handbook will help you to achieve a profound new level of insight and understanding.	2007-12-13	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9781603200240	Sports Illustrated: Going Deep,20 Classic Sports Stories	Gary Smith		For 25 years, the four-time winner of the National Magazine Award has left the readers of "Sports Illustrated" spellbound with his compelling long-form storytelling. This collection gathers 20 of Smith's stories that showcase the richness of his reporting and the compassion of his craft.	2008-09-16	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9780600614098	Step-by-Step Art School: Still Life	Jack Buchan&Jonathan Baker		New EditionA still life provides the perfect model--motionless and with a never-ending range of shapes, textures, and colors. For this reason, it is an important part of every artist's repertoire, and an excellent style for the newcomer just developing skills. Explore the subject in all its richness with this perfect guide. Using carefully graded exercises, it shows novices how to choose a subject, compose the image, and then capture it using such varied media as watercolor, oils, pastels, acrylics, ink, and charcoal. Historical background and images of a wide-ranging collection of famous works provide inspiration and teach the eye how to look.	2005-09-28	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780755332809	Blue Christmas	Mary Kay Andrews		It's the week before Christmas, and antiques dealer Weezie Foley is in a frenzy to garnish her shop for the Savannah historical district decorating contest, which she intends to win. But suddenly things start to go missing from her display, and there seems to be a mysterious midnight visitor to her shop. Still, Weezie has high hopes for the holiday-maybe in the form of an engagement ring from her chef boyfriend. But Daniel, always moody at the holidays, seems more distant than usual. Throw in Weezie's decidedly odd family, a 1950s Christmas-tree pin, and even a little help from the King himself (Elvis, that is), and maybe there will be a pocketful of miracles for Weezie this Christmas Eve.	2006-12-04	Little Black Dress		English				ZZZ000000
9780752809229	Body foods for women,eat your way to good health	Jane Clarke		BODY FOODS FOR WOMEN shows how to design your own healthy eating plan to suit your lifestyle, based on the foods you enjoy, whether you want to maximise fitness and control weight or to treat and manage health problems. With 100 simple and delicious recipes and a weekend cleansing programme that is suitable for everyone, Jane's positive approach will help all women to achieve the control and inner glow that effect every aspect of life.	1997-12-29	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780751540932	Breakneck	Erica Spindler		Mary Catherine 'MC' Riggio and Kitt Lundgren, detective partners at the Rockford Violent Crimes Bureau, have been through a lot together. Lately, though, things have begun to look up: MC is about to get married, while Kitt is slowly coming to terms with the loss of her daughter. Suddenly, the fragile peace of their world is shattered when a brutal murder strikes close to home for MC. Nothing will be the same again. A killer is on the loose, someone who quickly and systematically works his way down a seemingly unconnected list of victims. With the body count rising, MC realises that she has to keep her head in the game and use her grief to fuel the hunt, but as the madman draws ever closer, Kitt and MC begin to struggle to walk that fine line between protecting the law ? and taking it into their own hands . . .	2009-11-05	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9781420106503	She Loves Me Not	Wendy Corsi Staub		She Loves Me ...She Loves Me Not Life goes on. That's what young widow Rose Larrabee tells herself each day as she has to be both mother and father to her two young children, a task that leaves little time for new romance. That's why she's surprised to find the simple, homemade valentine in her mailbox, a paper heart with no signature. It could be a sweet reminder, but for Rose, the red heart has special significance...alinkto asecretshe shareswithtwo otherwomen...asecretthathas just gotten one of them brutally murdered. I Want Her...I Want Her Dead Now, as the phone rings in the night, playing a song that sends chills down Rose's spine and more heart-shaped gifts arrive mysteriously, the young mother is determined to protect her familyfrom athreatshe cannotsee butknows isoutthere...watching.And asanotherwoman is killed, it becomes clear that that each valentine is not the gift of a secret admirer but a warning from a twisted madman who's getting closer to the very heart of her deepest fears...	2003-02-01	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780600613145	Shots,50 recipes for little drinks with a big kick!	Allan Gage		Whether you want a great night out or to break the ice at your party - 50 fun and decadent little drinks will guarantee success. Join all the top bars and create great shots for you and your friends. A layered Cowboy, a flaming Ferrari, and a frozen shooter - let our cocktail expert show you how! Shaken, stirred, hot, spicy, fruity, refreshing and creamy mixtures to satisfy all tastebuds. Tips on technique and also information on the drink's history.	2005-09-15	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780749937447	Simply Love	Mary Balogh		This second novel set in Miss Martin's School for Girls, a genteel academy in Regency England, offers the captivating tale of Anne Jewel, a favorite teacher who must confront the disturbing tragedy that gave her a beautiful son but locked her heart away.	2007-03-08	Piatkus Books		English				FIC027070
9780749938031	Simply Magic	Mary Balogh		"New York Times" bestselling author Balogh returns to the genteel arena of Miss Martin's School for Girls in this story of a fiery new heroine, Miss Susanna Osbourne, and a nobleman whose passion seems too magical to be true.	2008-01-03	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780752879543	Star Sullivan	Maeve Binchy		Molly Sullivan said that the new baby was a little star. She was no trouble at all and she was always smiling... so she became known as Star and no one remembered that her name was Oona.Star Sullivan just wanted everyone to be happy - her father to stop gambling, her mother not to work so hard, her brother to stay out of trouble, her sister to stop worrying about every little thing she ate.Then the Hale family moved in next door, and from the moment Star saw 23-year-old Laddy Hale, everything began to change - until Star was no longer the sweet, thoughtful girl everyone loved and no one worried about...	2006-03-02	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780340996928	How to Break a Dragon's Heart	Cressida Cowell		THE STORY CONTINUES in the eighth volume of Hiccup's How to Train Your Dragon memoirs... Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III was an awesome sword-fighter, a dragon-whisperer and the greatest Viking Hero who ever lived. But it wasn't always like that. Hiccup's memoirs look back to when Hiccup was just an ordinary boy, and finding it very hard to be a Hero. Hiccup must battle Berserks, dodge Scarers, complete the Impossible Task and save Fishlegs from being fed to the Beast! And all while being hunted down by an old enemy with a dark secret about the Lost Throne. What's a Hero to do? How to Train Your Dragon is soon to be a DreamWorks film starring Gerrard Butler, America Ferrera and Jonah Hill, out in March 2010 adapted from the best selling How to Train Your Dragon series by Cressida Cowell . Read the rest of Hiccup's exploits in the How to Train Your Dragon series in How to Train Your Dragon, How to Be a Pirate, How to Speak Dragonese, How to Cheat a Dragon's Curse, How to Twist a Dragon's Tale, A Hero's Guide to Deadly Dragons, and How to Ride a Dragon's Storm. Check out the all-new Hiccup website at www.howtotrainyourdragonbooks.com It's the place to go for games, downloads, activities and sneak peeks! Read all about Hiccup and all of your favourite characters, learn to speak Dragonese and train your own Dragon to do tricks!	2010-02-25	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780446363495	A Coral Kiss	Jayne Ann Krentz		With twenty-two New York Times bestsellers and millions of readers, Jayne Ann Krentz is one of the most popular romance superstars of our time. Now treat yourself to her deft and incomparable brand of riveting and sexy suspense in her classic tale of a woman, a man, and destiny's many unexpected twists.Successful author Amy Slater had a life in need of mending. And Jed Glaze proved to be the right man for the job after the pair hit it off as fabulously good friends. Then one day Jed shows up with a mysterious injury of his own -- and suddenly dark, confounding, yet utterly irresistible Jed becomes a lot more than "just a friend". Now it's a time for not only mutual healing and delightfully sensuous nights but for sharing secrets that could prove a little dangerous for them both. On a jaunt to a Pacific island paradise, Amy and Jed will unearth the key to the unsolved murder that has haunted Amy's nights -- and discover how surprisingly and exquisitely fated two seemingly mismatched hearts can be.	1992-06-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780316067256	A Gathering of Gargoyles	Meredith Ann Pierce		Book Two of the Darkangel Trilogy! Aeriel has broken the spell on the vampiric darkangel known as Irrylath and returned him to his human form, but the White Witch continues to haunt his dreams. To save her love and the world they live in, Aeriel sets off on a quest across the Sea-of-Dust, to solve a mysterious riddle and gather six magical steeds. Pursued by the White Witch and haunted by her six remaining darkangels, the former slave girl seeks out an ancient oracle who may help her find a way to defeat her enemies.	2007-10-01	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers		English				ZZZ000000
9780340951972	A Girl's Guide to Vampires	Katie MacAlister		Joy Randall is a girl with big expectations and an even bigger love for vampire romance novels. Unsuccessful so far in her quest to find her soulmate, Joy can't say no when her friend Roxy suggests a holiday to the Czech Republic. Tall, dark strangers? Tick. Craggy, romantic landscapes? Tick. Hoardes of centuries-old men who want to suck your blood? OK, that's just Roxy's over-active imagination. After all, vampires don't exist . . . do they? Plagued by dreams of a handsome stranger, haunted by a mysterious prophecy, and pursued by three pale, brooding, slightly sinister suitors, Joy isn't so sure now. Worried about her growing attraction to the enigmatic Raphael, she knows that one thing's for certain: Mr. Right should not equal Mr. Heading-Right-For-Your-Neck. But can she resist the lure of the Dark Ones? Is her attraction to Raphael just lust . . . or blood lust? And will she find a chosen life partner that is, well, alive? Nowadays, finding The One sure is a pain in the neck . . .	2007-12-13	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9781845334338	Miller's Antiques Encyclopedia	Judith Miller		Since it was first published in 1998 more than 110,000 copies have been sold. Today, a new generation of collectors, dealers and auctioneers continue to need this outstanding and accessible resource. From 18th century chairs to 20th century Barbie dolls, Art Deco sculpture to ancient Chinese ceramics, and Native American rugs to toy robots. New sections featuring Mid-Century Modern and Postmodern design make it the ultimate authenticated reference.	2008-10-07	Mitchell Beazley		English				ZZZ000000
9780749927684	The Mind-Body Bible,Your Personalised Prescription for Total Health	Mark Atkinson		Fulfil your potential for physical health and emotional wellbeing The Mind-Body Bible is an important book about the mind-body connection from leading holistic medical doctor Mark Atkinson. Dr Mark draws on his experience advising and t	2007-06-15	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9781933967578	My Woman His Wife	Anna J.		In this risqu and unforgettable novel, a couple's bold move to add another person to their love life burns them with totally unexpected results.	2008-08-26	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9781844085729	Nightingale Wood	Stella Gibbons		Life is not quite a fairytale for poor Viola. Left penniless, the young widow is forced to live with her late husband's family in a joyless old house. There's Mr Wither, a tyrannical old miser, Mrs Wither, who thinks Viola is just a common shop girl, and two unlovely sisters-in-law, one of whom is in love with the chauffeur. Only the prospect of the charity ball can raise Viola's spirits ? especially as Victor Spring, the local prince charming, will be there. But Victor's intentions towards our Cinderella are, in short, not quite honourable . . .	2009-04-02	Virago		English				FIC009000
9781933405162	Exploring the Unexplained,The World's Greatest Marvels, Mysteries and Myths	Editors of Time Magazine		Incorporating the latest in scientific research, a fascinating, illustrated study separates fact from fantasy as it looks at the truth behind such mysteries as Bigfoot, the Bermuda Triangle, telepathy, alien abduction, the Da Vinci Code, and life after death.	2006-09-05	Time		English				ZZZ000000
9780747267041	Towelhead	Alicia Erian		A dark, deliciously grown-up take on Judy Blume - the story of a young girl's challenging coming-of-age that is funnier than it ought to be. Jasira, a teenaged Arab-American girl, is sent away by her mother to live with her father, after the mother's boyfriend begins paying her too much attention. But Jasira's father is unable to show her the affection she craves, or to handle her feelings about her rapidly changing body. America is about to go to war in Kuwait, and Jasira becomes ever more isolated at school, and begins to look for love in all the wrong places. Mr Vuoso, a neighbour and army reservist who catches her looking at his copy of Playboy while she is babysitting his son, is quick to take advantage of her vulnerability. Things look very bad for Jasira until a pregnant neighbour, Melina, offers her a lifeline, and in the novel's hilarious, and heartbreaking climax, manages to bring father and daughter, finally, a little closer to one another.	2006-03-06	Headline Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780752879475	Transgressions,three brand new novellas	Jeffery Deaver&Ed McBain&Joyce Carol Oates		A truly amazing line-up of commercial writers, this first volume comprises original stories from Jeffery Deaver, Ed McBain and Joyce Carol Oates. Edited by Ed McBain, it is a superb collection and will delight all crime fans.This is the definitive collection from the top authors in the genre and is a must-buy for all the millions of crime fans around the globe.	2006-05-04	Orion		English				FIC022000
9781408701904	Hearts and minds	Amanda Craig		Rich or poor, five people, seemingly very different, find their lives in the capital connected in undreamed-of ways. There is Job, the illegal mini-cab driver whose wife in Zimbabwe no longer answers his letters; Ian, the idealistic supply teacher in exile from South Africa; Katie from New York, jilted and miserable as a dogsbody at a political magazine, and fifteen-year-old Anna, trafficked into sexual slavery. Polly Noble, an overworked human rights lawyer, knows better than most how easy it is to fall through the cracks into the abyss. Yet when her au pair, Iryna, disappears, Polly's own needs and beliefs drag her family into a world of danger, deceit and terror.Riveting, humane, engaging, HEARTS AND MINDS is a novel that is both entertaining and prepared to ask the most serious questions about the way we live.	2009	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780758218575	I Want You to Want Me	Kathy Love		On the advice of her psychic, Erika Todd moves to New Orleans where yet another prediction comes true in the form of a reclusive musician, and two-hundred-year-old vampire, who refuses to lose his heart to another mortal. Original.	2008-08-26	Brava		English				ZZZ000000
9780575082571	The Centauri Device	M. John Harrison		John Truck was to outward appearances just another lowlife spaceship captain. But he was also the last of the Centaurans, or at least half of him was, which meant that he was the only person who could operate the Centauri Device, a sentient bomb which might hold the key to settling a vicious space war. M. John Harrison's classic novel turns the conventions of space opera on their head, and is written with the precision and brilliance for which is famed.	2009-04-02	Victor Gollancz Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780755338214	The Chocolate Lovers' Diet	Carole Matthews		The feisty members of THE CHOCOLATE LOVERS' CLUB are back in a mouth-wateringly delicious new novel. Join Lucy Lombard and her fellow chocolate lovers, Autumn, Nadia and Chantal, once again as they exchange gossip and sort out each other's lives in their favourite retreat, Chocolate Heaven.	2008-08-29	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780297853350	The color purple	Alice Walker		'One of the most haunting books you could ever wish to read...it is stunning - moving, exciting, and wonderful' Lenny HenrySet in the deep American south between the wars, this is the classic tale of Celie, a young poor black girl. Raped repeatedly by her father, she loses two children and then is married off to a man who treats her no better than a slave. She is separated from her sister Nettie and dreams of becoming like the glamorous Shug Avery, a singer and rebellious black woman who has taken charge of her own destiny. Gradually Celie discovers the support of women that enables her to leave the past behind and begin a new life.	2007	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780340980125	The Confessions of Saint Augustine	Saint Augustine&E. M. Blaiklock&Maggi Dawn		You made us for yourself, and our heart is restless until it finds rest in you. St. Augustine was a towering figure in his own time, and remains the greatest of the fathers of the church. HisConfessionsare an autobiographical work, recalling crucial events in his life: his mid-4th century boyhood in rural Algeria, the rise to a lavish lifestyle at the imperial court in Milan, his struggle with sexual desires, and his conversion to Christianity. It has become one of the greatest of the Christian classics, revealing an individual in the joys and agonies of life lived to the full in search of truth.	2009-12-10	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780316737845	The Diabetes Diet,Dr. Bernstein's Low-Carbohydrate Solution	Richard K. Bernstein		A revolutionary new low-carb diet for diabetics by the doctor who pioneered a successful new approach to the disease--with 100 original mouth watering recipes. For diabetics, diet is more than a lifestyle choice--it*s the key to controlling the course of their disease. Many diabetics struggle their entire lives to maintain a healthy weight, but the guidelines given to them by the American Diabetes Association have proven unhelpful in regulating blood sugar--the critical component in keeping diabetes in check. In THE DIABETES DIET, Dr. Bernstein serves up the groundbreaking low-carbohydrate approach to diabetes care that has enabled his patients to take control of their disease by regulating their blood sugar without the usual swings.Dr. Bernstein himself is living proof of the success of this method, and he has the science to back it up. Plunging into the current debate on low-fat vs. low-carb diets, he shows that, especially for diabetics, low-carb is what will change lives--and he offers 100 delicious all-new recipes to help keep diabetics on track for life. The recipes and advice in THE DIABETES DIET will provide readers with an easy-to-follow guide for controlling their disease and regaining their health and well-being. * There are an estimated 18 million diabetics in America, and their number is increasing every year--yet there are no low-carb diet books appropriate for diabetics. * Since publication in 1997, Dr. Bernstein*s Diabetes Solution and its revised 2003 edition have sold more than 120,000 copies. * An engineer by training, Bernstein pioneered blood glucose self-monitoring and the tight control of blood sugar that is now accepted as the standard treatment of diabetes. He entered medical school at the age of 45 in order to publish his findings.	2005-01-03	Little, Brown and Co.		English				ZZZ000000
9781409102175	Wives V. Girlfriends	Katie Agnew		We've all got a story to tell... Jasmine's is the story of rags to riches - the glamour model turned footballer's fiancee has got everything she ever dreamed of - but will her past return to haunt her? Lila's story is a Hollywood romance-turned-nightmare. The actress who got out of the UK and married the biggest Hollywood star realises she might have sold her soul to get her man. Maxine is the girl who cried wolf. Three times married, three times divorced - is she ever going to find love on the party circuit? And Grace, well, she's just the woman who wants to find out everyone's story. A journalist looking for a break, she might just have found it when she swaps London for Marbella. Where glamour girls rub shoulders with Russian oligarchs, and crime godfathers meet Hollywood royalty, when the truth finally comes out, it's going to be the biggest story of all.	2010-04-01	Orion Books Limited		English				FIC000000
9780749927363	Women's Bodies, Women's Wisdom,The Complete Guide to Women's Health and Wellbeing	Christiane Northrup		Dr Christiane Northrup's vision of mind-body wellness has received an extraordinary response from women all over the world. A massive international bestseller, Women's Bodies, Women's Wisdom powerfully demonstrates that when women change the basic conditions of their lives that lead to health problems, they heal faster, more completely, and with far fewer medical interventions. This groundbreaking book offers the most up-to-date information available on every aspect of women's health. Dr Northrup explains the workings of the female body in an accessible and intimate way and guides you through a comprehensive list of women's conditions and concerns, from fibroids and menstruation to pregnancy, hysterectomy and the menopause. She also shows you how to heal yourself by listening to your body's own wisdom or intuition. Filled with dramatic case histories, it is contemporary medicine at its best, combining new technologies with natural remedies and the body's own miraculous healing powers.	2009	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781844085545	Words That Burn	Josephine Hart		Following the success of CATCHING LIFE BY THE THROAT, Josephine Hart compiles more poetry from the like of such poets as Milton, Byron, Keats, Shelley, Browning, Frost and Lowell. An audio CD accompanies.	2008-12-23	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9781845333317	Yummy Baby!,The Essential First Nutrition Bible and Cookbook	Jane Clarke		Yummy Baby! takes parents through all the stages of early life, from milk through weaning to feeding a toddler. Along the way it addresses parents' key concerns, including allergies, organic, E numbers, sugar and salt. Jane cuts through the myths by revealing what you do need to worry about and stressing what you don't. Yummy Baby! comprises chapters on milk, the nutritional principles of weaning, practical information on how to wean and solving everyday problems and illnesses with food. Jane includes 60 recipes for dishes that can be eaten as part of an adult meal as well as by babies and toddlers. And she shows parents how to cure everyday problems such as coughs and colds, an upset tummy or constipation, with food, making this the only food book that parents of babies and toddlers need!	2007-08-30	Mitchell Beazley		English				ZZZ000000
9780755333455	10 Reasons Not to Fall in Love	Linda Green		Funny, dark and true, this is the sensational follow-up to the smash hit I DID A BAD THING... Jo Gilroy, an award-winning TV news reporter, has returned to work part-time at Spotlight North West after a lengthy maternity leave. But, to her dismay, she has been demoted to covering the 'And finally' stories at the end of the news. Even worse, her new boss is her ex-boyfriend Richard, who walked out on her and their son Alfie on his first birthday. Now Richard's going out with the station's celebrity weather girl. As the humiliation piles on, Jo wonders how she can ever trust a man again. But then she meets Dan, an enigmatic balloon sculptor who lives on a canal boat. Her son Alfie is enchanted by him, as is Jo. But Dan is hiding a dark secret about his childhood. And can Jo really risk another unhappy ending? Find out in Linda Green's hilarious and moving new novel...	2009-04-01	Headline Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780316110099	Dinosaurs Alive and Well!,A Guide to Good Health	Laurene Krasny Brown&Marc Brown		A humorous look at dinosaurs presents advice on nutrition, hygiene, first aid, and exercise for kids.	1992-09-01	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers		English				ZZZ000000
9780806528670	Don't Shit in My Hat and Tell Me it Fits,Unedited, Un-PC, and Unapologetic	Michael Benson&Mike Caracciolo		The perpetually pissed off and potty-mouthed Kid from Brooklyn, famous for classic video rants like 'Starbucks' and 'Bat Day', is back for more, spewing contempt for virtually everything in twenty-first-century.	2008-10-01	Citadel Press		English				ZZZ000000
9780575075252	Dying inside	Robert Silverberg		Imagine what it would be like if you could tell what the innermost thoughts and feelings of those around you were. Imagine if, as you reached middle age, you lost that ability.What would it do to you to be like everyone else?	2005	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9781857988215	Earth abides	George Rippey Stewart		In this profound ecological fable, a mysterious plague has destroyed the vast majority of the human race. Isherwood Williams, one of the few survivors, returns from a wilderness field trip to discover that civilization has vanished during his absence. Eventually he returns to San Francisco and encounters a female survivor who becomes his wife. Around them and their children a small community develops, living like their pioneer ancestors, but rebuilding civilization is beyond their resources, and gradually they return to a simpler way of life.	1999-06-10	Millennium		English				ZZZ000000
9780340830222	Embracing uncertainty,achieving peace of mind as we face the unknown	Susan Jeffers		Nobody knows what will happen in the next moment of our lives. Whatever is in store for us, the only thing we CAN be sure of is that nothing in life is certain. And since we all fear the unknown, life's uncertainty can be a constant source of worry to us. But, as bestselling author Susan Jeffers explains, life doesn't have to be one worry after the next, a steady stream of 'what if's', and a constant attempt to create a secure haven for ourselves. In EMBRACING UNCERTAINTY she emphasises that an unknown future doesn't prevent a rich and abundant life, and shows how by enjoying life's unpredictability we transform ourselves from a position of fear to one filled with excitement and potential. Through invaluable case-studies, exercises and her pragmatic wisdom, Susan convinces us, above all, that life is exhilarating because of, not in spite of, uncertainty.	2003-09-01	Hodder Mobius		English				ZZZ000000
9780719568640	Messenger of Truth,A Maisie Dobbs Mystery	Jacqueline Winspear		London, 1931. Nick Bassington-Hope, veteran of the Great War and controversial artist, is suddenly found dead. His death from a fall, the night before a much-anticipated exhibition of his work, is recorded as 'accidental'. But his sister is not convinced. Despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary, Georgina Bassington-Hope believes her brother was murdered, and she turns to Maisie Dobbs for help. Maisie's investigation takes her from the desolate beaches of Kent to the dark underbelly of London's art world. Still fragile after her war-related breakdown, Maisie's immersion in her work could lead her to lose more than she bargained for, while a desperate family with strong ties to her heart urgently needs her help.	2007-05-17	John Murray		English				FIC022000
9780752867335	Three Great Novels,A Darkness More Than Night; City of Bones; Chasing the Dime	Michael Connelly		A DARKNESS MORE THAN NIGHT: Terry McCaleb's enforced quiet lifestyle is a far cry from the excitement of his former role as an FBI profiler. But when a small-time criminal is found dead, McCaleb becomes embroiled in a disturbing and complex case leading him to cross the path of Harry Bosch. CITY OF BONES: When the bones of a boy are found scattered in the Hollywood Hills, Harry Bosch is drawn into a case that brings up the darkest memories from his own haunted past. Unearthing hidden stories, he finds the child's identity and begins to reconstruct his fractured life. CHASING THE DIME: Henry Pierce has just moved into a new apartment but the first time he checks his phone messages, he discovers that someone had the number before him. The messages are for a woman named Lilly, and Pierce is quickly drawn into Lilly's night-time world of escort services, websites, sex and secret identities.	2004-12-20	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780747242659	The cat who went into the closet	Lilian Jackson Braun		Jim Qwilleran and his sleuthing Siamese companions, Koko and Yum Yum, up sticks from their converted apple-barn home for the snowy winter months and move into the old Gage mansion. The house belongs to Junior Goodwinter's grandma, Euphonia, and is full of commonplace treasures hidden in dusty closets - a curious cat's heaven. Everything goes well until the phone rings announcing that Euphonia has been found dead at her new Florida home. The strange thing is that the apparently happy and healthy 88-year-old seems to have committed suicide.	1993-09-02	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780755322961	The Chapel of Bones	Michael Jecks		Murder is again polluting the Exeter Cathedral close, but this killer will not be easily caught. The victim, Henry Potell, was feared by many, and held secrets that some wished to keep hidden. For Sir Baldwin Furnshill, Keeper of the King's Peace, and his friend Bailiff Simon Puttock, events become increasingly mysterious. Who among Henry Potell's companions knows the truth about his death? What first appears to be a matter of lust or greed soon grows more troubling as Baldwin becomes aware of the ominous Chapel of Bones, built long ago in reparation for a terrible murder.	2005-05-05	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780600617242	City Dog,The Essential Guide for the Urban Owner	Sarah Whitehead		The city hound faces many challenges. He may have to adapt to a small living space and face a myriad of distracting sights and sounds including traffic, shopping malls and public transport. Raising a happy and obedient city dog requires planning, training and this book! Choose the right canine companion for your city home, train him for every situation that modern urban life can throw at him and turn him into the perfect dog-about-town.	2008-09-15	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780749940218	The Devil's Due	Jenna Black		Things aren't going well for exorcist Morgan Kingsley. She's been betrayed by the boyfriend of her dreams, her brother has been repossessed, and she's unable to escape from the hunky demon who shares her body. All Morgan wants is to curl up and avoid reality for a while. But she can't. A woman named Claudia Brewster seeks her services. During the brief time that Claudia had been on a cruise, her son, Tommy, changed from an invective-spewing member of the anti-demon society God's Wrath to a happy little demon host. Claudia smells a rat - as does Morgan - but all the paperwork looks legal. That is, until Morgan begins digging up the secrets of Tommy's past and finds herself deep in another deadly conspiracy...	2009-01-15	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780575081246	Altered Carbon	Richard Morgan		Four hundred years from now mankind is strung out across a region of interstellar space inherited from an ancient civilization discovered on Mars. The colonies are linked together by the occasional sublight colony ship voyages and hyperspatial data-casting. Human consciousness is digitally freighted between the stars and downloaded into bodies as a matter of course.But some things never change. So when ex-envoy, now-convict Takeshi Kovacs has his consciousness and skills downloaded into the body of a nicotine-addicted ex-thug and presented with a catch-22 offer, he really shouldnt be surprised. Contracted by a billionaire to discover who murdered his last body, Kovacs is drawn into a terrifying conspiracy that stretches across known space and to the very top of society.For a first-time SF writer to be so surely in command of narrative and technology, so brilliant at world-building, so able to write such readable and enjoyable SF adventure, is simply extraordinary.	2008-09-01	Gollancz		English				FIC028020
9781842551981	Amy Peppercorn,out of control	John Brindley		Amy's attraction to French popstar Adam Bede is getting stronger, but she's unsure if she can risk giving in to her to feelings; she still feels stung at being set-up and betrayed by Jag Mistri. In fact, she's all too aware that everyone seems to be in control of her life, except her. When she tests the boundaries of Solar Records' hold on her career, it backfires drastically. Could Ray Ray really end her dreams so easily? Through Adam's company PPM Amy has a chance to relaunch herself. Amy Peppercorn and the Static Cats tour Germany and then it's on to the American tour that Amy has longed for. Although Amy finds a mate in Angel, the new group is rife with rivalry and anger that threatens to drown the music. And will she listen to the warning bells back home from Beccs, who seems so distant, before it's too late?	2006-05-25	Orion Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780600617303	Hamlyn All Colour Cakes and Bakes,Over 200 Delicious Recipes and Ideas	Sara Lewis		No matter what your sweet tooth may be craving, Hamlyn All Colour Cakes & Bakes contains a selection of over 100 tasty recipes for all kinds of baked treats, whatever the occasion. With this complete guide to all things cake, you'll be able to bake everything from simple, delicious biscuits such as Chocolate & Cinnamon Shortbread Fingers and Coconut & Pistachio Fridge Cookies for your family to the impressive Apricot & Orange Swiss Roll and Chocolate & Hazelnut Meringue Gateau to impress guests. Every recipe is accompanied by a full-page colour photograph and clever variations and new ideas to give you over 200 delectable goodies to choose from.	2008-04-15	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780450019609	Hangman's holiday	Dorothy L. Sayers		Poisoned port . . . pet cats in peril . . . purloined pearls . . . Lord Peter Wimsey solves the mysteries of the man who was blown into the fourth dimension and the murder in fancy dress. He pursues miscreants across several countries and into unexpected hiding places. Montague Egg encounters a fugitive murderer and uncovers a killer in an Oxford cloister. The travelling salesman extraordinaire solves puzzles with a unique combination of matter-of-fact practicality and brilliant deduction.	1974	New English Library		English				ZZZ000000
9781933967813	Happily Never After	T. Wendy Williams		To family and friends, Dorothy and David Leonard's marriage appears to be made in heaven. David is one of Houston's most prominent physicians, while Dorothy is a loving, carefree housewife. But behind closed doors, the story is very different.	2009-03-31	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780753820353	Hard Revolution	George P. Pelecanos		It's the spring of 1968, the sun shines down on an America on the brink of civil war. Martin Luther King preaches in vain for non-violent protest and the ghettos of Washington DC seethe with anger. In the middle of this powder-keg is thrust a young black cop, barely out of school himself. Derek Strange believes passionately that he can make a difference, but his friends and family think he's a traitor and a patsy of the white establishment. On April 4th, 1968. Dr King is assassinated on the balcony of his motel in Memphis, Tennessee. And Black America rises as one to condemn the slaying of their hero. For one week, it seems that the whole country will fall. And Derek, his brother, his father, his mother and his whole community find themselves at the heart of a battle for the heart and soul of the new world.	2005	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780747268031	Shades of murder	Ann Granger		In 1889 Cora Oakley died by inhaling a poisonous gas in her sleep, and her husband William was put on trial for her murder. Over a hundred years later, the only remaining members of the family are two elderly sisters who live in the ancestral home. Unable to maintain the mansion, the sisters decide to sell up and live off the proceeds. Then a young Polish man named Jan appears, claiming to be William Oakley's great-grandson and threatening to ruin the sisters' plans. When he is found dead, it seems that the shadow of murder has returned to haunt the Oakley family again, and Superintendent Markby must look back at the events of a century ago to find the killer...	2001-02-01	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780340970126	Shakespeare's Tales	Beverley Birch		'The barge she sat in like a burnished throne, burned on the water: the poop was beaten gold, purple the sails...' A lyrical re-telling of Shakespeare's plays; Hamlet, The Tempest, Anthony and Cleopatra and Othello by respected children's author Beverley Birch, partnered with sublime illustrations by Stephen Lambert. A perfect introduction to these landmark plays.	2008-07-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781559706711	Shifu, You'll Do Anything for a Laugh	Mo Yan&Howard Goldblatt		In these stories, we see the breathtaking range of Mo Yan's vision--which critics have compared to those of Tolstoy and Kafka. The stories range from the tragic to the comic, though Mo Yan's humor is always tinged with a shade of black. They embody, too, the author's deep and abiding love of his fellow man, equaled only by his intense disdain of bureaucracy and repression--despite which his fiction is never didactic. Satire, fantasy, the supernatural, mystery: all are present in this remarkable and intensely enjoyable volume.- The release of award-winning director Zhang Yimou's major film adaptation of the title story (Happy Times) in summer 2002 heightened the visibility of both the author and this collection.- This paperback is being published simultaneously with the author's mangum opus, Big Breasts and Wide Hips--a return to the sweep and ambition of his bestelling Red Sorghum--which will receive major critical acclaim and further raise Mo Yan's profile in the States.- One of the stories in the volume serves as a companion piece to the author's hugely popular Red Sorghum.- Hardcover ISBN: 1-55970-565-5	2003-07-16	Arcade Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780752881812	Skin and Blister	Victoria Blake		When a student is found dead in his rooms at St Barnabas College, Oxford, it looks nothing more than an unfortunate suicide. A week later, when Sam Falconer's brother disappears, Sam begins to see a disturbing connection between the events. Then her mother receives a Catholic mass card, announcing that a funeral mass is to be said for their son. Sam begins desperately trying to trace her brother's last movements, attempting to locate the mysterious man he'd spent time with in the days before his disappearance. Behind it all is the nagging fear it could be connected to her father and the murders he committed in Northern Ireland in the seventies. As the trail leads from Oxford to Iraq and back to the troubles in Ireland, Sam learns just how strong blood ties can be ...	2007-10-17	Orion Publishing Group, Limited		English				FIC022000
9780340491812	The shell seekers	Rosamunde Pilcher		Artist's daughter Penelope Keeling can look back on a full and varied life: a Bohemian childhood in London and Cornwall, an unhappy wartime marriage, and the one man she truly loved. She has brought up three children - and learned to accept them as they are. Yet she is far too energetic and independent to settle sweetly into pensioned-off old-age. And when she discovers that her most treasured possession, her father's painting, The Shell Seekers, is now worth a small fortune, it is Penelope who must make the decisions that will determine whether her family can continue to survive as a family, or be split apart.	1989	Hodder and Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781842551547	The silver child	Cliff McNish		Six children leave the comfort of their homes. They are drawn to Coldharbour - an eerie wasteland of wind, rats, seagulls and rubbish tips. Emily and Freda, the twins, scuttle bright eyed and insect-like in search of the others. They find Thomas on a food tip. The gentle giant boy Walter joins them and so does Helen, who can read minds. And at the centre of it all is luminous Milo, his skin hot and bright with silver.Each of them has a unique gift, but they must learn to use their skills fast. Drawing ever closer in a maelstrom of fury is the Roar, something vast and dreadful that wants to destroy them all. As in The Doomspell trilogy, Cliff's characters really are 'the children next door' until they discover the powers they possess and he sweeps them and the reader into his worlds of magical fantasy, writing exciting, breathtaking adventures with richly imagined, vividly drawn characters, and an infectious energy, warmth and humour. The Silver Child is book 1 in a heart-stopping new sequence.	2004-08-26	Orion Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340995976	The Sixty Minute Marriage	Rob Parsons		Take an hour to read a book that will change your marriage forever! Rob Parsons presents an action plan to revolutionise every relationship. Includes: Are affairs good for a marriage? - How to argue - effectively - Why many men say, 'My wife's not interested in sex' - Why cutting your credit card in half can save your marriage - How a divorce will affect your children	2009-09-17	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780349121765	The Sound Of Wings: The Biography Of Amelia Earhart	Mary S. Lovell		When she disappeared in 1937 over a shark-infested sea, Amelia Earhart had lived up to her wish - internationally famous, a daring and pioneering aviator, and ambassador extraordinary for the United States. Married to a man with a genius for publicity, her life was crowded, demanding and adventurous.Mary S. Lovell's superb biography examines a legend to reveal the pressures and influences that drove Amelia, and shows how her life, career and manner of death foreshadowed the tragedies and excesses of a media-dominated age.	2009-08-06	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780575083158	Chasm City	Alastair Reynolds		Tanner Mirabel was a security specialist who never made a mistake - until the day a woman in his care was blown away by Argent Reivich, a vengeful young postmortal. Tanner's pursuit of Reivich takes him across light-years of space to Chasm City, the domed human settlement on the otherwise inhospitable planet of Yellowstone. But Chasm City is not what it was. The one-time high-tech utopia has become a Gothic nightmare: a nanotechnological virus has corrupted the city's inhabitants as thoroughly as it has the buildings and machines. Before the chase is done, Tanner will have to confront truths which reach back centuries, towards deep space and an atrocity history barely remembers.	2009-03-19	Orion Publishing Group		English				FIC028030
9781841490397	Child of flame	Kate Elliott		Lost and alone in an unknown country, Alain struggles to survive as he is unwittingly drawn into an ancient conflict between humankind and their old enemy, the Cursed Ones. Separated from her husband and child, Liath must undergo her greatest test in a land of exile. Only here can she hope to discover the truth about her parentage and learn the extent of her remarkable powers. Mourning the loss of his wife, the bastard prince Sanglant seeks to warn his father of a sorcerous conspiracy against the Lost Ones. But as a Quman army ravages the Wendish countryside, King Henry marches south, his gaze fixed on the throne of Aosta and the imperial crown. The great cataclysm, foretold in the stars, is approaching.	2001-07-05	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9781846165078	Clarice Bean, Don't Look Now	Lauren Child		There seems to be an awful lot in Clarice's life to worry about and when she finds herself unable to sleep at night, she follows Ruby Redfort's advice and devises a Worst Worries List. But Clarice soon realises that your worst worry is the worry you haven't even thought to worry about. And, as Clarice's world dissolves into chaos and confusion - falling down house, arguing parents, and another term with Mrs Wilberton - she realises just how true this is...	2007-09-01	Orchard Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781843629405	Just 16	Jean Ure		YA FICTION. A poignant, engrossing read from a prolific, best-selling author. Sam and his mates enjoy boasting about their success with girls, until Sam meets Priya. Suddenly, girls are no longer just sex objects or trophies. He can actually talk to Priya and he cares about her. But of course he fancies her too, and Priya feels the same way about him. Making love feels right for both of them. But what happens when Priya discovers she is pregnant?	2008-06-05	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781846164149	Elephant's Child	Shoo Rayner		The Elephant's Child wants to find out about everything. He especially wants to know what the Crocodile has for dinner. But the answer is not what he expects! Collect all the titles in the series: How the Camel Got Its Hump How the Whale Got Its Throat How the Leopard Got Its Spots How the Rhinoceros Got His Skin The Beginning of the Armadilloes The Sing-Song of the Old Man Kangeroo The Cat that Walked by Himself The Elephant's Child	2008-08-07	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9780446691772	Kid CEO,How to Keep Your Children from Running Your Life	Ed Young&Rick Warren		Ed Young is the senior pastor of Fellowship Church, which has over 18,000 members and has been featured on Fox News, CBS's Early Morning Show, and Good Morning America, as well as in the New York Times, Chicago Tribune, Dallas Morning News, BusinessWeek, and Washington Times, among other major publications.- In 10/03, Ed Young's weekly TV show, Creative Connection, debuted at #17 on the Trinity Broadcast Network; nine weeks later it was ranked at #4. It is also broadcast on the cable Daystar Network and The Church Channel. Young's daily radio broadcast of the same name is heard in 15 major markets, including satellite radio and OnePlace.com. In conjunction with these shows, he has launched a Creative Connection Web site on which he will promote this title.- KID CEO will be aggressively promoted on the Fellowship Church Web site, which averages 10.1 million hits per month.- Ed Young and his wife have been happily married for over 20 years and have four children.	2004-09-01	Warner Faith		English				ZZZ000000
9780446618557	Knight's Treasure	Amanda Scott		Some brides don't have all the luck. Adela Macleod has been kidnapped, held hostage (Lady's Choice), and on the eve of her wedding, watches her ancient husband, Ardelve, collapse during their wedding feast. Seeking escape from all her would-be comforters in the pitch-blackness of a fog-shrouded night, she meets a stranger with a soothing voice who will not even tell her his name.Sir Robert Logan is a serving knight who has long since left his family. No sooner does Rob meet the sorrowful but determined Lady Adela than he finds himself forced to take up his family duties again. Rob inherits his father's title and estates as the third baron Lestalric. But with rumours flying that the two of them clearly conspired to murder the second baron and his heir, as well as Ardelve, Rob and Adela become partners in the fight against common enemies. And as they work together to discover the truth, Rob and Adela realise that sometimes the best relationships aren't about luck. Sometimes it's about love.	2007-02-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781931933322	People,Seventy-Five Years of Oscar Style	Editors of People Magazine		From the glamorous gowns to the shocking mistakes, Oscar Style will capture the most memorable styles and fashion statements in Oscar history. The People editors will revisit the elegance of Grace Kelly and the audacity of Cher as they pronounce the best and worst dressed stars of all time. They track the evolving styles of celebrities such as Jodie Foster, Goldie Hawn, Nicole Kidman and Julia Roberts. They'll also highlight the famous personalities, couples, and dynasties that have made the Oscars a family affair. And they include lots of surprises-from the notorious streaker running on stage during David Niven's speech to Jack Palance's one-armed push-ups--that have made these ceremonies unforgettable. - Join the editors of People Magazine as they revisit 75 years of Oscar style. - From the elegant style of Audrey Hepburn to Cher's daring outfits, the editors of People pronounce the best and worst dressed stars of all time. - Includes the evolving styles of celebrities throughout the decades, from Bette Davis to Diane Keaton to Julia Roberts, among others. - Stroll down the red carpet into the Academy Awards and revisit famous couples and dynasties that have made the Oscars a long-time family event.	2003-03-01	People Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780752894188	Perfect Night	Peter Grimsdale		When ambitious young documentary film-maker Nick witnesses the death of a notorious arms dealer in Sri Lanka, he's lucky to escape with his own life. He was on his way to interview him on his yacht when it was blown to smithereens. But the head injuries he receives destroy his memory - and his burgeoning career. Years later, working as a film archivist, he uncovers an image in a forgotten reel of film that seems to totally rewrite the incident that derailed his life. But as he starts to search for the other pieces of the puzzle, he quickly realizes that this single, explosive piece of film could destroy him all over again. Soon he's on the run from people who want the lid put very firmly back on the past. His only option is to restore his memory - however painful it turns out to be - and find the whole truth before it kills him.	2009-07-01	Orion Publishing Group		English				FIC022000
9780752863979	Phoenix	John Connor		The 8th April 1996 was a bad day for Karen Sharpe, the eighth anniversary of something so deeply buried she had hoped to forget it ever happened. Each year she tries to cope in whatever way she can. Most years she turns to booze. But this year that wasn't going to work. Sometime after midnight Phil Leech, her DS and partner, is executed in a military style killing, whilst Fiona Mitchell, his pretty 21-year-old informant, ends up on a South Pennine moor with bullets through her face and chest. Karen had been due to meet both when drink and memories intervened, preventing her from getting there.As the investigation begins, odd details keep forcing Karen to examine her own unclear memories. As she follows her instincts, and some very disturbing clues embedded in her own secret history, she must confront her past and act quickly if she is to prevent the seed of destruction planted eight years before from wreaking devastating and brutal consequences.	2005	Orion		English				FIC022020
9780446678063	Planets and Possibilities,Explore the World of the Zodiac Beyond Just Your Sign	Susan Miller		The author believes that astrology is more than the study of star signs. In this guide, Susan Miller explains how the planets affect human affairs and shows how to use this understanding to follow a true path rather than lead a scripted life.	2001-11-01	Warner Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340824979	The natural way to beat depression	Basant K. Puri&Hilary Boyd		Professor Basant Puri has been at the forefront of dramatic new research into the treatment of depression. His work with EPA, a natural supplement which can be bought without prescription, has demonstrated a 100 per cent success rate in treating depressed patients who have failed to respond to prescribed anti-depressants. This breakthrough book tells the story of how and why the Omega 3 and Omega 6 fatty acids contained in fish oil and evening primrose oil are so extraordinarily effective. It also shows us how we can incorporate this natural supplement into a healthy lifestyle and diet to enjoy its benefits ourselves. Without the side-effects of commonly prescribed anti-depressants, this revolutionary discovery, easily available without prescription, will be excellent news for depression sufferers everywhere.	2005-02-14	Hodder Mobius		English				ZZZ000000
9780446344876	The New York City Cab Driver's Joke Book	James Pietsch&Jim Pietsch		Heard any good jokes lately? Jim Pietsch, a real New York City cabbie, has heard them all -- from business-people, unemployed laborers, Wall Street lawyers, prostitutes, writers, tourists, drug dealers and lovers...all from the back seat of his cab as he makes his way around New York City. In this follow-up to the widely successful New York City Cab Driver's Joke Book, Jim Pietsch has put together another riotously funny collection of more than 400 jokes that is sure to have everyone laughing.	1986-07-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780753822111	The Night Gardener	George P. Pelecanos		They never found the killer.All they knew, back in the winter of 1985, was that someone was taking teenagers, killing them and leaving their abused bodies in public parks. Three victims in all, with no link between them except a oddity of their names. They read the same back-to-front - Otto, Ava and lastly Eve.A lot has happened in the twenty years since. Detectives Gus Ramone and Dan Holiday - two of the leads on the case - have pursued very different paths. Gus has climbed to the heights of Detective Sergeant and built himself a reputation as a very good cop, whilst Dan has been drummed out of the force - his sleaze finally getting too much for his superiors. However, their paths are about to cross again. A boy named Asa - a close friend of Gus's teenage son - has been found in the public park, his skull shattered by gunfire. Now it seems that both men are once again in the path of this disturbed serial killer.THE NIGHT GARDENER is George Pelecanos's stunning new crime thriller - the story of two very different men united by the maliciousness of a deadly attacker.	2007	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9781844085293	A Game of Hide and Seek	Elizabeth Taylor		With a cover design by Celia BirtwellDuring summer games of hide-and-seek Harriet falls in love with Vesey and his elusive, teasing ways. When he goes to Oxford she cherishes his photograph and waits for the letter that never comes. Then Charles enters her life, and Harriet stifles her imaginings. With a husband and daughter, she excels at respectability: ornaments on the mantlepiece, remembered birthdays and jars of lilac. But when Vesey reappears, her marriage seems to melt away. Harriet is older, it is much too late, but she is still in love with him.First published in 1958, this is Elizabeth Taylor's subtlest and finest work.	2008	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780340896419	Delizia!	John Dickie		Everyone loves Italian food. But how did the Italians come to eat so well? The advertising industry tells us the answer lies in the vineyards and olive groves of Tuscany - among sun-weathered peasants, and mammas serving pasta under the pergola Yet this nostalgic fantasy has little to do with the real history of Italian cuisine. Because Italian food is city food. And telling its story means telling the story of the Italians as a people of city dwellers. For a thousand years, Italy's cities have been magnets for everything that makes for great eating: ingredients, talent, money, and power. In DELIZIA! the author of the acclaimed COSA NOSTRA takes a revelatory historical journey through the flavours of Italy's cities. From the bustle of Medieval Milan, to the bombast of Fascist Rome; from the pleasure gardens of Renaissance Ferrara, to the putrid alleyways of nineteenth-century Naples. In rich slices of urban life, DELIZIA! shows how violence and intrigue, as well as taste and creativity, went to make the world's favourite cuisine. With its mix of vivid story-telling, ground-breaking research and shrewd analysis, John Dickie's DELIZIA! is as appetising as the dishes it describes.	2008-05-01	Sceptre		English				ZZZ000000
9780749939212	Glitter Baby	Susan Elizabeth Phillips		From the earliest days of her career, supermodel Fleur Savagar has been nicknamed the Glitter Baby. The illegitimate daughter of a world-famous movie star, she had been brought up by her mother and stepfather and deliberately starved of emotional love. So much so that she has spent most of her nineteen years looking for it in all the wrong places. Fleur is an ugly duckling who refuses to believe she's turned into a swan. Now an actress, she finds herself falling for her co-star, tough guy Jake Koranda. However, all her illusions are shattered when she discovers that she has been betrayed by those closest to her. Disillusioned and destitute, Fleur embarks on a voyage of self discovery, determined to reinvent herself...	2009	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340704530	Oliver's Fruit Salad	Vivian French&Alison Bartlett		Oliver, star of Oliver's Vegetables, is back from his healthy week eating vegetables at his grandpa's house. Vegetables are one thing but children will love watching Oliver's mother Other titles in this series: Oliver's Fruit Salad Oliver's Milkshake	1998-04-15	Hodder Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780316033633	One Hundred Butterflies	Harold Feinstein&Fred Gagnon		In One Hundred Butterflies, photographer Harold Feinstein showcases butterfly varieties from around the world, turning exquisite details into mesmerizing works of art. Feinstein's breathtaking photographs capture the color, vibrancy, and infinite variety of patterns that occur on the wings of these ornate insects. One hundred impeccably reproduced, oversized photographs allow viewers to appreciate the Blue Morpho of Central America, the African Birdwing, and the Asian Swallowtail at a scale and depth impossible to experience in nature. An elegantly printed deluxe gift book, it is a treasure for butterfly enthusiasts and art lovers alike.	2009-11-04	Little, Brown and Company		English				ZZZ000000
9780340956588	One Year with Kipper	Mick Inkpen		Kipper has made a new year resolution not to throw snowballs at Tiger. He manages to keep to this for a whole month, but in February it snows! This wonderful picture book explores the fun that Kipper and Tiger have every month of the year, through the photos that Kipper takes. And at the end of the year, Kipper finds out that Tiger has a long memory and hasn't forgotten the snowball in February!	2010-01-21	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781841490649	Otherland,Sea of silver light	Tad Williams		The spectacular conclusion to the classic Otherland seriesOtherland is out of control. Fleeing through broken realities, a small band of adventurers struggle to avert the nightmare that Otherland could become. The only hope may lie in an alliance with their enemy. But time is running out - and Otherland's most terrifying secret is yet to be revealed.	2002-05-02	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9780753825419	Past Imperfect	Julian Fellowes		Damian Baxter is very, very rich - and he's dying. He lives alone in a big house in Surrey, looked after by a chauffeur, butler, cook and housemaid. He has but one concern: who should inherit his fortune...PAST IMPERFECT is the story of a quest. Damian Barker wishes to know if he has a living heir. By the time he married in his late thirties he was sterile (the result of adult mumps), but what about before that unfortunate illness? He was not a virgin. Had he sired a child? A letter from a girlfriend from these times suggests he did. But the letter is anonymous.Damian contacts someone he knew from their days at university. He gives him a list of girls he slept with and sets him a task: find his heir...	2009-04-30	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780821227725	Raven and other poems and tales	Edgar Allan Poe&Daniel Alan Green		Poe shaped the development of both the detective story and science-fiction genres and his poems remain among the favourites of American literature. This collection contains popular tales and poems including, To Helan and Dream-land.	2001-10-01	Bulfinch Press		English				ZZZ000000
9780340826393	River Cottage Family Cookbook	Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall&Fizz Carr		'Fizz Carr and I share the view that there are no really good cookbooks for the whole family to use together. It is our immodest intention to write a classic of this genre' Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall's well-loved RIVER COTTAGE books have become a phenomenon, inspiring hundreds of thousands of people all over Britain to cook and enjoy good food.His new book THE RIVER COTTAGE FAMILY COOK BOOK, co-written with Fizz Carr, brings the River Cottage philosophy to the whole family. It will give pleasure to everyone: toddlers and grandparents, families discovering the fun of cooking together, and everyone who enjoys simple home-cooked food. From how to make butter from a jar of cream to how to make your own sausages, THE RIVER COTTAGE FAMILY COOKBOOK will inspire everyone with the magic and fun of cooking. 'A great way to learn the basics without feeling patronised ... You come away from the experience not just with a tasty supper but with a better knowledge of food ... comfortingly old-fashioned ... will almost certainly go on my shelf of "genuinely useful cook-books", cross-referenced with my folder of "ways to entertain the kids at weekends"' Time Out	2009-09-03	Hodder & Stoughton Canada		English				ZZZ000000
9780446610865	The Rules for Marriage,Time-Tested Secrets for Making Your Marriage Work	Ellen Fein&Sherrie Schneider		You did the Rules-And They Worked! You captured the heart of your Mr. Right and are, at the very least, engaged. Maybe you're married ... or perhaps you and your partner got together without the help of The Rules. Now You're Looking for Ways to Keep Your Relationship Happy and Healthy. The Rules For Marriage is Here! In this new book, the authors of The Rules offer forty-two time-tested tips for keeping your marriage healthy and happy. Some will sound familiar, others are completely new. But they all lead to the same wonderful future-the one in which you and your husband stay together forever! Discover: * Rule #4: Keep up your own interests (have a life!) * Rule #15: Say what you mean, but don't say it mean * Rule #21: Don't force him to "talk" * Rule #35: Don't find fault with things you knew about when you married him So whatever your marital problems, The Rules for Marriage can help.	2002-04-01	Warner Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780446400534	The Serpent Prince	Elizabeth Hoyt		Country bred Lucy Craddock-Hayes is content with her quiet life. Until the day she trips over an unconscious man - a naked unconscious man - and loses her innocence forever.Viscount Simon Iddesleigh was nearly beaten to death by his enemies. Now he's hell-bent on vengeance. But as Lucy nurses him back to health, her honesty startles his jaded sensibilities - even as it ignites a desire that threatens to consume them both.Charmed by Simon's sly wit, urbane manners, and even his red-heeled shoes, Lucy falls hard and fast for him. Yet as his honor keeps him from ravishing her, his revenge sends his attackers to her door. As Simon wages war on his foes, Lucy wages her own war for his soul using the only weapon she has - her love.	2007-09-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781841493190	Danse Macabre	Laurell K. Hamilton		The newest volume in Hamilton's "New York Times" bestselling series finds Anita less interested in vampire politics than she is in an ancient, ordinary dread shared by women through the ages: she may be pregnant. Includes an excerpt from Hamilton's upcoming hardcover, "The Harlequin."	2007-06-30	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9781420103007	Dark Rapture	Michele Hauf		Scarlet Rose has fallen madly in love with Sebastian DelaCourte, a dark, wild rock idol who is bound to an unholy fate. After a terrifying curse sweeps her to 18th-century Paris, Scarlet finds herself in a desperate struggle to change destiny. Reissue.	2008-09-01	Zebra Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780747249412	Dead ringer	John Francome		When twelve-year-old David Tredington vanished, his father, one of England's top breeders, vowed never to give up the search for his son. Now, fifteen years later, David has been found alive and well in County Mayo. When the charismatic young man returns to the family's Devonshire estate, he receives a mixed welcome. His elder sister, Lucy, distrusts him from the start. Jason, David's brother-in-law and David's cousin, George, are even less pleased to see another heir to the Tredington fortune. But David's natural skills as a jockey soon attract favourable attention in the steeple-chasing world. Then a terrifying accident leads to an innocent stable lad's death, and David suspects that his own life is in danger. Someone knows the truth about his past and wants him to disappear all over again. David must find out who and why before it's too late...	1995	Headline Book Publishing		English				FIC022000
9780758231932	Demon Can't Help It	Kathy Love		"USA Today"-bestselling author Love delivers a sexy, thoroughly original novel that combines paranormal romance with wit and humor.	2009-04-28	Kensington Pub Corp		English				ZZZ000000
9780749942182	Lose Your Middle-Aged Middle!	Eades&Mary Dan/eades&Michael. R		Medical doctors Mary Dan Eades and Michael Eades are experts in nutritional health and weight loss. In their new book they present a quick and effective diet plan for all those middle-aged women and men who have bulging waistlines which they find very hard to lose. The Eades reveal the chief causes of the middle-aged bulge and explain how bad this is for your health. The good news is that, by following their special diet high in protein, you can eliminate visceral fat fast and regain your figure and improve your health.LOSE YOUR MIDDLE-AGED MIDDLE! includes a simple 6-week programme and dozens of delicious recipes. Menus for vegetarians are included, so this is a diet everyone can follow.	2010-02-01	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781408303405	Lulu's Busy Day	Caroline Uff		She has puddles to jump in, blocks to build, pictures to draw and stories to read! Join Lulu on her busy day. A perfect first picture book with a simple text, bright illustrations and strong paper pages.	2009-08-06	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9780446577267	Making Marriage Work,The Advice You Need for a Lifetime of Happiness	Joyce Meyer		Previously published as Help Me, I'm Married, MAKING MARRIAGE WORK offers Joyce's insights on how to make a marriage succeed, thrive, and bless the lives of entire families.Joyce shares with married couples how God can transform a marriage. Whether newly wed, happily married, in a marriage crisis, or just in a relationship rut, Joyce's principles will help energize and revitalize a relationship.Discover how to: Take the focus off yourself and your spouse and look to the LordUnleash powerful truths from God's Word for you and your marriageUnderstand the opposite sexOvercome roadblocks to a triumphant marriageLive successfully with an insecure personCreate peace and order in your heart and in your home.Joyce's practical, how-to advice will guide couples along the path to releasing God's power on their lives, and in their marriage.	2006-07-27	Faithwords		English				ZZZ000000
9780446541008	Marked by Passion	Kate Perry		Gabrielle Sansouci Chin is turned for a loop when she receives the ancient scroll that she was marked to protect. Her possession only means one thing...her father is dead. Gabe has no idea how she is going to balance her new responsibilities as a Guardian being a painter by day and a bartender by night. Having just been contracted for her new "Enter the Light" series, Gabe tries to handle it all. But it seems like her luck has run dry when she's ill trained to take her proper place as guardian, having a dry spell at painting, and for some reason can't help but fall for Rhys Llewellyn, the sexy Brit who offers his help in more ways than one.	2009-02-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780747238638	Mayfield	Joy Chambers		Eve Herman and her sister Clare find themselves orphans in Sydney town, 7000 miles from the land of their birth. Clare ndash; beautiful, impressionable, addicted to pleasure ndash; soon takes the easy way to earn a living, and Eve ndash; strong and reliable ndash; is left alone. Naval sea captain Alan Fletcher intends to take up his rightful position as Squire of Long Moss. But his ruthless cousin's plotting means he is instead transported on a convict ship bound for New South Wales. Revered and respected throughout the colony, John Stuart Wakeman is the owner of Mayfield, the largest, richest, and most renowned property in New South Wales. The first moment he sees Eve he is captivated. On their wedding day, Eve's life is forever altered by a fateful meeting in the bush, and the realisation that there is a secret she must keep from her husband. When she is brutally attacked, her secret comes back to haunt her and cause bitter estrangement between her and her husband. Heartbroken, Eve is all too vulnerable to the magnetism of Alan Fletcher ndash; the man her husband has sworn to destroy...	1993-02-01	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780751537611	Rosetta	Barbara Ewing		As a child, Rosetta is fascinatedby words and loves being told stories. She thinks she isnamed after the Princess Rosetta of the fairytales, whomarried the King of the Peacocks and lived happily everafter. But when she finds that it is a mysterious smallport town in Egypt that gave her her name, her interestin hieroglyphics is born. Years later, when Rose is anolder, wiser and sadder woman, it is her love of languagethat saves her life.The French Revolution; the rise of the power of theEnglish church; the battles for Egypt between the Britishand the French; the discovery of the hieroglyphs on theRosetta Stone in that same small port town - and aboveall the machinations of a rich, amoral, social-climbingmember of the 'new' aristocracy andthe extraordinary characters that surround him - allwhirlpool together to carry Rose into France and a sharedmoment with Napoleon Bonaparte, and into the dark,unknown world of North Africa in her search to understandthe meaning of words, and to find a child of herown.	2007-05-29	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9780340954935	Second Chance,However Far You Fall, God Can Use You Again	R. T. Kendall		'God can use anybody. If he could use Peter, Moses, Jonah, David, Judah or Gideon, he can use you and me.' The empowering new book by bestselling Christian writer, R. T. Kendall. All of us have fallen short of God's standards, and it may be that you have fallen further than most. It is easy for you, and those who know you, to believe that you have blown your chance to fulfil God's plan for your life. But God has not finished yet! He is the God of second chances. His love is everlasting and unconditional, no matter what we have done to grieve him in the past. The path to restoration will not be easy but, through faith, God can use you again. R. T. Kendall's inspiring new book will show you how.	2009-01-22	Hodder And Stoughton Ltd.		English				ZZZ000000
9780753824146	Second Violin	John Lawton		March 1938. The Germans take Vienna without a shot being fired. Covering Austria for the English press is a young journalist named Rod Troy. Back home his younger brother joins the CID as a detective constable. November 1938. Kristallnacht. The Jews leave Vienna - Sigmund Freud with an American escort on a sleeper train, Josef Hummel tied to the underside of a boxcar. June 1940. Sergeant Troy is seconded to Special Branch to help in the round-up of 'enemy' aliens, among whom are Hummel and his brother Rod. Rod and Hummel are interned on the Isle of Man ... meanwhile a lunatic is killing rabbis in the East End of London. Troy asks for time off from Special Branch to return to his true calling ... Murder. London is now under siege, from German bombers, from its own prejudices and paranoias. Is London any better than Vienna?	2008-11-04	PHOENIX		English				FIC030000
9781904233824	The secret hour	Scott Westerfeld		Strange things happen at midnight in the town of Bixby, Oklahoma. Time freezes. Nobody moves. For one secret hour each night, the town belongs to the dark creatures that haunt the shadows. Only a small group of people know about the secret hour - only they are free to move about the midnight time. These people call themselves Midnighters. Each one has a different power that is strongest at midnight: Seer, Mindcaster, Acrobat, Polymath. For years the Midnighters and the dark creatures have shared the secret hour, uneasily avoiding one another. All that changes when the new girl with an unmistakable midnight aura appears at Bixby High School.Jessica Day is not an outsider like the other Midnighters. She acts perfectly normal in every way. But it soon becomes clear that the dark creatures sense a hidden power in Jessica . . . and they're determined to stop her before she can use it.	2006-04-06	Atom		English				ZZZ000000
9781846163166	Handsome and Gruesome	Laurence Anholt		There was once . . . a smart gnome called Handsome and a tatty gnome called Gruesome. The evil scarecrow in the garden was especially mean to poor Gruesome and plotted to get rid of the gnomes. But his plan might just backfire . . .	2009-09-03	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9781843911029	The secret life of nuns	Pietro Aretino		A prequel to The School of Whoredom, The Secret Life of Nuns is a witty and salacious dialogue between Nana, and her confidante Antonia. Nanna is in a quandary as to what to advise her daughter, Pippa, as she chooses her path in life. Should she become a nun, a whore, or a wife? In pondering this, Nanna begins to tell of her own experiences as a nun, relating the adventures that ensued as she was accepted and initiated into convent life. In subverting the popular literary form of the dialogue, Aretino uses bawdy humor and colorful narrative to expose the human foibles and vice that he saw as inherent in religious life. The result is a vivid piece of prose that has endured for centuries. Italian satirist and poet Pietro Aretino was one of the most versatile writers of the 16th century; the author of plays, poetry, and letters, he is now principally remembered as the originator of European pornography.	2004-10-01	Hesperus		English				ZZZ000000
9780753810873	The Templars	Piers Paul Read		Sifting myth from history, Piers Paul Read reveals the Templars - the multinational force of warrior monks, in their white tunics with red crosses over chainmail. They were not only unique among Christian institutions but constituted the first uniformed standing army in the western world and became pioneers of international banking. Expropriated by Philip IV of France in 1307, and confessing under torture to blasphemy, heresy and sodomy, the Order was finally suppressed by Pope Clement V in 1312. In a narrative that incorporates the story of the crusades and the many colourful characters who had links with the Templars, Piers Paul Read examines the question of their guilt and identifies their relevance to our own times. 'A highly readable and nicely paced book that draws on the lessons of modern historical scholarship while also communicating a sense of narrative excitement and drive' 'Evocative, measured and engaging' Evening Standard 'Magnificent in every way' Mail on Sunday	2000-09	Phoenix		English				HIS037010
9781846169984	Skor the Winged Stallion	Adam Blade		The Dark Wizard has sent six fearsome Beasts to capture the good Beasts of Avantia.They are imprisoned in the Dark Realm, and it is Toms quest to save them. He and his companions must undertake a perilous journey and defeat Skor the Winged Stallion.Dont miss:TORGOR THE MINOTAUR NARGA THE SEA MONSTER KAYMON THE GORGON HOUND TUSK THE MIGHTY MAMMOTH STING THE SCORPION MAN	2008-10-02	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781408300008	Narga the Sea Monster	Adam Blade		In the perilous Black Ocean lurks Narga the Sea Monster. As well as preying on the rebels fighting evil wizard Malvel, Narga is holding one of the good Beasts of Avantia captive. Can Tom set the good Beast free, or will it remain trapped in the Dark Realm for ever?Don't miss:TORGOR THE MINOTAUR SKOR THE WINGED STALLION KAYMON THE GORGON HOUND TUSK THE MIGHTY MAMMOTH STING THE SCORPION MAN	2008-10-02	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9781408300015	Kaymon the Gorgon Hound	Adam Blade		In a ruined castle in the Dark Realm prowls Kaymon the Gorgon Hound. Kaymon is one of six fearsome Beasts unleashed by the wicked wizard, Malvel, to capture the good Beasts of Avantia. Join Tom on his quest to save the good Beasts and avoid being captured himself...Don't miss:TORGOR THE MINOTAUR SKOR THE WINGED STALLION NARGA THE SEA MONSTER TUSK THE MIGHTY MAMMOTH STING THE SCORPION MAN	2008-10-02	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9781408300022	Tusk the Mighty Mammoth	Adam Blade		Tusk the Mighty Mammoth rules the rotting forests of Gorgonia. She terrorises the rebels at war with evil wizard Malvel and holds a good Beast captive. All the good Beasts are imprisoned and Tom must save them. Will he defeat Tusk before Malvel's guards track him down?Don't miss:TORGOR THE MINOTAUR SKOR THE WINGED STALLION NARGA THE SEA MONSTER KAYMON THE GORGON HOUND STING THE SCORPION MAN	2008-10-02	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9781408300039	Sting the Scorpion Man	Adam Blade		The good Beasts of Avantia are imprisoned in the kingdom of Malvel the evil wizard. Each is guarded by a terrible new Beast. Tom's quest to free the good Beasts takes him to the tunnels under Malvel's castle, where Sting the Scorpion Man is waiting...Don't miss:TORGOR THE MINOTAUR SKOR THE WINGED STALLION NARGA THE SEA MONSTER KAYMON THE GORGON HOUND TUSK THE MIGHTY MAMMOTH	2008-10-02	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781841493220	The Ethos Effect	L. E. Modesitt		Van C. Albert is a commander in the Republic Space Force of Taran. His bravery led to the defeat of a larger enemy ship but caused the inadvertent destruction of a civilian liner. Although his name was cleared, he now seems doomed to a life of backwater postings. He can only watch as a simmering cold war erupts into a fierce interstellar war, fuelled by the pull of religious fanaticism, economic and political rivalry.Van is seriously wounded on assignment, and wakes from a coma to find that he has been decorated and summarily retired from military service. Desperate to escape boredom, he jumps at the chance to fly a starship for the Integrated Information Systems foundation. Seemingly harmless, the IIS's influence is far reaching and Van soon finds himself at the centre of the action, a key player in a war which will shake all human worlds.	2005	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9780752890630	Every day is like Sunday	Paul Vlitos		That Sunday feeling...The weekend's over, everything's shut, there's nothing on TV except for the Antiques Roadshow. The only thing you can do is face the fact that the working week is just around the corner. And for Matt Bletch, the working week is not a prospect to be relished. He's moved to the middle of nowhere and taken a job at the only school that would have him. Surrounded by social misfits, clowns and psychopaths (and that's just his fellow teachers) he's left his girlfriend, social life and sanity back in London in the hope of earning some cash and maybe even finishing off his novel in the school holidays.Unfortunately, no-one told Matt that a year spent in the dead-end town of Buxdon is unlikely to get the creative juices flowing. Walking through town before the first week of term, every thing is grey, damp and smells slightly dubious. Will he ever tempt his girlfriend down to stay? Will the kids lynch him? And will Matt survive a year in the place where every day is like Sunday?Funny, honest and horribly accurate, EVERY DAY IS LIKE SUNDAY is a tour de force of contemporary comic writing.	2008-09-04	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780752863894	Every secret thing	Laura Lippman		It is early evening, summer time and hot. Two eleven-year-old girls, Alice and Ronnie, are on their way home from a swimming party when they happen to see a baby's stroller, with baby girl sleeping inside, left unattended on the top step of a house. Ronnie says to Alice: 'We have to take care of this baby.' But what exactly does she mean? Four days later the body of little Olivia Barnes is discovered in a hut in Baltimore's rambling Leakin Park by a young rookie detective, Nancy Porter. What can have happened in those four days to bring about this appalling crime? The girls are arrested and found guilty. Seven years later Ronnie and Alice, now eighteen, are released from their separate prisons, back into their old neighbourhood where the mother of baby Olivia still lives. Another child goes missing, and Nancy Porter and her partner get the case ...	2004-06-24	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780708804919	The Executioners	Phil Robin Clarke&Liz Hardy&Anne Williams		Anglo-Saxon invaders first introduced hanging by the neck as capital punishment to England, and it was used by William the Conqueror as punishment for his conspirators. Other forms of formal excution over the years were carried out by lethal injection, electrocution, lethal gas, firing squad or the guillotine.The Pierrepoints were the most famous family of executioners. They took their job very seriously and were involved in around 800 executions, getting rid of murderers, spies and Nazis.William Marwood, a 19th-century cobbler, introduced the 'long drop method of hanging which ensured that the prisoner's neck was broken instantly, which removed all the gruesome struggling and convulsions of previous methods.	2008-05	Futura		English				SOC030000
9781841812755	Explore Your Past Lives	Paul Roland		Those who believe in past lives say clues are everywhere: you meet a complete stranger you're sure you've known before; visit a new place that seems hauntingly familiar; awake from a dream that seems eerily real. You can either dismiss such experiences--or follow established techniques to look more deeply into the evidence. Start by examining the testimony of world religions, modern experts, and first-person accounts. Then practice common methods for past-life regression such as visualization and a self-hypnosis script. Get insights into why you've chosen your friends and lovers--even your parents and children! Then identify and heal your fears, addictions, and ailments, and work with a psychic to clear "karmic debts"--lingering unresolved issues from your former lives.	2005-08-28	Godsfield		English				ZZZ000000
9781841495637	The Lair of Bones	David Farland		The stars fall from heaven and thevery earth trembles in pain. With Gaborn's kingdom ofMystarria in ruins, four powerful kings march to claimits spoils, even as a vast army of reavers sallies forthfrom the underworld, intending to put an end to mankind.In one last-ditch effort to heal the earth, thewizardborn Averan leads the Earth King, Gaborn Val Orden,far below the surface to the Lair of Bones, to face theleader of the reaver hordes. There Gaborn must confrontan ancient evil - before the world is torn apart. ..	2007-03-01	ORBIT		English				FIC009000
9781841494524	Lamb,the Gospel according to Biff, Christ's childhood pal	Christopher Moore		The birth of Jesus has been wellchronicled, as have his glorious teachings, acts, anddivine sacrifice after his thirtieth birthday. But no oneknows about the early life of the Son of God, the missingyears - except Biff, the Messiah's best bud,who has been resurrected to tell the story in thisdivinely hilarious, yet heartfelt work'reminiscent of Vonnegut and DouglasAdams' (Philadelphia Inquirer).Verily, the story Biff has to tell is a miraculous one,filled with remarkable journeys, magic, healings, kungfu, corpse reanimations, demons, and hot babes, Even theconsiderable wiles and devotion of theSaviour's pal may not be enough to divertJoshua from his tragic destiny. But there's noone who loves Josh more - except maybe'Maggie,' Mary of Magdala - and Biffisn't about to let his extraordinary pal sufferand ascend without a fight.	2007-08-02	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9781843910022	Last letters of Jacopo Ortis ; and, Of tombs	Ugo Foscolo		Written as an epistolary monologue,Last Letters of Jacopo Ortisis a compelling portrayal of a troubled mind. Published here for the first time in the English language, it is presented with Foscolo's highly acclaimed poem,Of Tombs.Banished from his homeland and from the woman he loves, Jacopo Ortis lives with the insufferable feelings of disillusionment and betrayal. Gone are his youthful dreams of literary glory, and in their place only his embittered laughter at fortune, at men, and at God. In the anguish of his state he feels himself compelled to make one final, titanic, and tragic gesture to the rulers of his age.	2002-07-01	Hesperus		English				FIC019000
9780755341207	Last of the Good Guys	John Carbone		Stunning concept, totally engrossing read - a new generation of Mafia thriller is born. All Marco wants is to be a stand-up guy. To make his way in the world without too much trouble. Right? But in 1970s New York, that's not so easy. Marco has the Mafia in his blood and at onlyAcirc; sixteen years old he hears the streets calling. So he goes into business with a few guys. Dealing a little pot. Then Marco's ruthless Uncle Tony gets involved. Uncle Tony is the man Marco most looks up to, but heAcirc; wants Marco and his friends to help him out. Just a little cocaine. A few more deals - and then Marco'll be set for life... But when it all goes wrong, it's more than Marco's life on the line. It's those he loves and the struggle to break free from the chains of crime which bind him... which stop him. Can he survive toAcirc; be A GOOD GUY?	2008-01-10	Headline		English				FIC031000
9780304367320	Last Post,The Final Word from Our First World War Soldiers	Max Arthur		From the author of the bestselling Forgotten Voices of the Great War comes a final look at the last 21 living British veterans of the First World War. These interviews, conducted in 2004, will never be repeated, as the youngest was 106 years old, and most are now gone. These first-person accounts follow the young soldiers from their homes throughout Britain to the raging battles while in the service of the Royal Field Artillery, Black Watch, Royal Navy, and others. These combat experiences should never be forgotten.	2007-05-01	Cassell Military		English				ZZZ000000
9780747259268	Safe Bet	John Francome		Only when it's too late does Mike Powell realise that he's wasted his talents as a jockey and spoilt his marriage. His riding career is in decline; his beautiful wife, Tessa, has left him. And, to cap it all, he's almost bankrupt, having tried to build a future by pinhooking. Then, on the way to the Sports Personality of the Year Awards, Mike is killed in a car crash. When his old friend Jed Harvard discovers that Mike's estate has been left to an American called George Parker - a man he's never heard of before - his suspicions are aroused. While tracking down George, Jed discovers that Mike's business deals have left a number of bitter enemies, and he realises that all is not what it seems...	1999-03-11	Headline Book Publishing		English				FIC000000
9781842551127	Savannah Grey,A Horror Story	Cliff McNish		15 year old Savannah Grey has never felt she's belonged. She keeps her distance, so she's surprised by her attraction to the new boy Reece. Then strange things begin to happen: nature, it seems, is exerting an overpowering force on the world. Birds behave strangely; gusts of wind blow leaves so fiercely they seem to lure people away. And Savannah learns she has supernatural powers. Nature has a purpose for Savannah and her friends. For they are on course to meet the vile and evil Orcrassa, who wants to destroy the world by corrupting nature. And it wants Savannah Grey to help realise its savage intent.	2010	Orion Children's		English				FIC000000
9780755312252	SBS,the inside story of the Special Boat Service	John Parker		The men of the SBS are the maritime equivalent of their counterparts in the SAS; they are the elite of the British Special Forces and also the most secretive. Although SAS activity has been extensively documented, the SBS has remained in the state it prefers ndash; a shadowy silhouette, with identities protected and missions kept from public view. Formed during the Second World War, when they took part in many daring raids (one of which was filmed as The Cockleshell Heroes), they were active in the jungle campaigns in the Far East, in the Falklands, the Gulf War and Bosnia. Since this seminal book was published in 1997, John Parker has been privy to much more inside information about the SBS's original operations and he brings the book right up to date with accounts of their exploits in East Timor, Somalia, Sierra Leone, Kosovo and most recently in Iraq.	2004-06-17	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780297853206	The Lighted Rooms	Richard Mason		Joan, once-passionate and creative, is now trapped in an expensive care home, seeking comfort in the richer worlds of the past and her own mind. Eloise, her daughter, is a relentlessly disciplined businesswoman, torn between guilt and filial responsibility, who has gambled everything on a chance remark made by her old lover. Moving between 19th-century England and South Africa, war-time Paris and 21st-century London, this is a stunningly-written novel about family, history and duty.	2008-05-08	Weidenfeld & Nicolson		English				ZZZ000000
9780340924785	The Likeness	Tana French		Detective Cassie Maddox is still trying to deal with the events of In the Woods. She is out of the Murder Squad and has started a relationship with fellow detective Sam O'Neill but is too badly shaken to commit to Sam or to her career. Then Sam is allocated a new case, that of a young woman stabbed to death just outside Dublin. He calls Cassie to the murder scene and she finds the victim is strangely familiar. In fact, she is Cassies double. Not only that, but her ID says she is Lexie Madison the identity Cassie used, years ago, as an undercover detective. With no leads, no suspects and no clues, Cassies old undercover boss spots the opportunity of a lifetime: to send Cassie undercover in the dead girls place. She could pick up information the police would never hear and tempt the killer to finish the job. So Cassie moves into Whitethorn House, poses as a post-grad student, and prepares to enter Lexie's world.	2008-08-11	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780349105291	1876,a novel	Gore Vidal		The centennial year of the United States should mark its coming of age as a great nation. Instead the election to succeed President Ulysses Grant is the least salubrious of the century.Into the rarefied atmosphere of a world where money has begun to talk very loudly - usually through the mouths of people called Astor - step Charles Schuyler and his daughter Emma. Charlie is the unacknowledged bastard son of Aaron Burr: Emma is formidably beautiful; both think it prudent to return from penury in Europe and secure a wealthy marriage for Emma.But America is no longer a young republic; it's a fledgling international superpower with its attendant seedy administration, dubious election campaigns, snobbery, 'popped corn', 'speaking tubes', and 'perpendicular railways' (lifts). It's a world that will welcome into its social and political bosom these two attractive exotics with the right names.	1994-04-02	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780755344758	A Family Affair	June Tate		Tragedy and abuse threaten to tear two sisters apart in June Tate's latest gripping and passionate Second World War saga. Kathy Bates is happily looking forward to an idyllic future with fiance Jimmy Greene. But her younger sister Maisie is pretty and flirtatious, and Kathy finds herself constantly looking out for her, especially as Southampton floods with young servicemen on their way to Europe. After putting herself in danger to protect her sister Kathy becomes the victim of a horrible rape. Terrified and deeply ashamed, she tells no one. But when she discovers she is pregnant, her loyalty to her sister as well as her treasured relationship with Jimmy are tested...	2009-08-06	Headline Book Publishing		English				FIC000000
9781584764892	A Kids Guide to Giving	Freddi Zeiler&Ward Schumaker		A Kids Guide to Giving is a must have for every classroom, library and child's book collection. This book by Freddi Zeiler is about getting involved! Everyone can make a difference - no matter how small - and this book gives kids the information they need to get started. After deciding to donate the money from her piggy bank to a worthy cause, 14-year-old Freddi Zeiler researched over 100 charitable organizations until she found the ones that meant the most to her. She presents her findings to kids in this comprehensible guide to giving money, volunteering, donating goods, and organizing charity events.	2006-10-01	Innovative Kids		English				ZZZ000000
9780340827291	Cricket's Great Entertainers	Henry Blofeld		As a widely respected cricket historian, with an encyclopaedic knowledge of the game, and also a writer with a great sense of fun, Henry Blofeld is the ideal man to select the great characters of cricket who have livened up the sport. We learn of the exploits of the legendary Ian Botham, a man who made up his own rules and has been at the centre of controversy on countless occasions; Garry Sobers, an immensely popular all-round great; and Dennis Lillee, the temperamental fast bowler who once held up a game with a tantrum when ordered to change his aluminium bat. Henry Blofeld regales us with marvellous - sometimes mischievous - stories to add to the "Boy's Own" nature of the book, and highlights those players who would make cricket lovers cancel their appointments to see them, even on a cold April day.	2004-09-13	Coronet		English				ZZZ000000
9781845332556	Crochet jewellery,35 fantastic pieces of jewellery to make & wear	Sophie Britten		Crochet jewellery is the latest cool craft that will have you reaching for your hook and yarn and making amazing things in no time at all. Crochet Jewellery is packed full of thirty-five original and exciting ideas for all different styles of jewellery at all different levels. Whether you re going for boho chic, high glamour, or sexy sophistication, there are ideas here for every occasion! The book includes a fully illustrated how-to section, which will give you all the basics of crochet and jewellery making, plus all the materials you might need, and loads of useful tips. All the patterns are skill-rated and include illustrated step-by-step instructions. Most patterns are easy enough for a beginner, with some more challenging and intricate pieces for the more experienced crocheter.	2007-03-15	M. Beazley		English				ZZZ000000
9781841880310	D-Day,June 6, 1944 : the Normandy landings	Richard Collier		No one who was alive on June 6, 1944, will ever forget that day...and this minute-by-minute account of the Normandy landings by Allied forces unforgettably reconstructs, in pictures and first-person reminiscences, every important minute of the invasion. "The best sort of popular military history."--Times Literary Supplement. "Nearly 200 photographs grace this volume on the planning, execution and aftermath of Operation Overlord. Collier, a war correspondent, interlaces taut accounts of events with eyewitness testimony, reports and writings by journalists and poets to recount this climactic event. Photographs and maps, reproduced in crisp black and white and lush color, document the people, landscape, and equipment that played crucial roles in this effort."--Army Magazine.	1999	Seven Dials		English				ZZZ000000
9780753817049	Dancer	Colum McCann		This novel opens on a battlefield: trudging back from the front through a ravaged and icy wasteland, their horses dying around them, their own hunger rendering them almost savage, the Russian soldiers are exhausted as they reach the city of Ufa, desperate for food and shelter. They find both, and then music and dance. And there, spinning unafraid among them, dancing for the soldiers and anyone else who'll watch him, is one small pale boy, Rudolf. This is Colum McCann's dancer: Rudolf, a prodigy at six years old, who became the greatest dancer of the century, who redefined dance, rewrote his own life, and died of AIDS before anyone knew he had it. This is an extraordinary life transformed into extraordinary fiction by one of the most acclaimed writers of his generation. One kind of masculine grace is perfectly matched to another in Colum McCann's beautiful and daring new novel.	2003	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780755326044	I'll Be Your Sweetheart	Joan Jonker		Not a day goes by without Molly Bennett and Nellie McDonough counting their blessings. But when an elderly neighbour, Flora Parker, is robbed of her most treasured possession, and left without a penny to her name, the two mates jump at the chance of setting their detecting skills in motion. Meanwhile, Molly's youngest daughter, Ruthie, and her best friend, Bella, are making plans for their joint sixteenth birthday party. Ruthie is determined to look glamorous, a real knock out, to catch the eye of a certain boy for whom she's got more than a soft spot.	2005-11-03	Headline Book Publishing		English				FIC000000
9781584764823	Ibaby: Goodnight, Baby	Ikids&Ana Larranaga		Babies can choose the appropriate animal for each page and slip the chick into the nest, the lamb into the hay, and the baby into the bed in this board book. Includes play pieces that fit into the bed-shaped pockets. Full color. Consumable.	2006-08-01	Innovative Kids		English				ZZZ000000
9780349107042	The moral animal,evolutionary psychology and everyday life	Robert Wright		A lucid and provocative study of the ground-breaking new science of evolutionary psychology, The Moral Animal examines the significance of this extraordinary shift in our perception of morality and what it means to be human. Taking the life and work of Charles Darwin as his context, Robert Wright brilliantly demonstrates how Darwin's ideas have stood the test of time, drawing startling conclusions about the structure of some of our most basic preoccupations. Why do we commit adultery, express suicidal tendencies and have the capacity for self-deception? Wright not only provides the answers to such fundamental moral questions from the perspective of evolutionary psychology, but challenges us to see ourselves anew through the clarifying lens of this fledging and exciting science.	1996	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9781841491691	Moving target	Elizabeth Moon		Ky Vatta was a military cadet destined for great things, until an act of kindness incurred her Academy's wrath and ended her career.Instead of the expected disgrace, her rich trader family gave her captaincy of a small ship, to sell for scrap. In flagrant disregard of orders, she saw the opportunity to make a profit and save the ship. Several upgrades later, Ky is determined to retain the ship and her independence in the cut-throat world of interplanetary trading. But a threat emerges that challenges even her sharp wits and, if she survives, could leave the military forever in her debt . . .	2004-05-06	Orbit		English				FIC028000
9780758212726	Mr. and Miss Anonymous	Fern Michaels		"New York Times"-bestselling novelist Michaels delivers an unforgettable story about the unexpected turns in life that can pull people apart--and the twists of fate that bring them back together.	2009-04-28	Kensington Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749936211	Seeing Stars	Christina Jones		Praise for Christina Jones: 'H.E. Bates for the 21st Century!' Katie Fforde 'sexy . . . Unputdownable . . . Heart-thumping read' Company 'feisty tale of friendship and laughter, loyalty and love...engaging' The Times 'Bloody good read. . . Funny, romantic book . . . a lively romp through rural England' New Woman	2005-10-06	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9781856752251	The Healing Energies of Earth	Liz Simpson		Beginning with an overview of the planet's physical structure, this celebration of the Earth's bounty explores mineral springs, crystals and magnetic fields, meridians and geographic chakras, and other naturally occurring centers of power for healing. Throughout, photographs and diagrams highlight nature's ever-changing form, helping foster a deep, holistic understanding of the Earth's remarkable energies.	2005-04-28	Gaia		English				ZZZ000000
9780758238054	The Healing Powers of Olive Oil,A Complete Guide to Nature's Liquid Gold	Cal Orey		From the author of "The Healing Powers of Vinegar" comes the definitive guide to one of nature's most miraculous foods. This practical resource details the health benefits, home uses, and dozens of delicious recipes using olive oil.	2009-01	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9781559706162	The Hitler Virus,The Insidious Legacy of Adolf Hitler	Peter Wyden		In spring 1945, as the Russians moved on Berlin and it became clear the Nazi cause was lost, Adolf Hitler assured his most trusted henchmen that even if he were to die, "the seed of National Socialism will grow again one day [in] ... a radiant rebirth." Several times after the war, the distinguished author Peter Wyden, himself a victim of the Nazis, returned to Germany to discover, to his dismay, that Hitler's prediction was all too true. In these unsettling pages, Wyden documents the reality that the "Hitler virus" is still very much alive. A harrowing companion to Daniel Goldhagen's Hitler's Willing Executioners, this book is Wyden's legacy to the world.	2002-05-06	Arcade Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780753811023	The keepers of truth	Michael Collins		It is the mid-80s in post-industrial America. In a small town graced with the decaying hulks of defunct factories, young journalist and college dropout Bill churns out lengthy essays on the death of industry and of America itself for The Daily Truth, whose scoops rarely rise above the latest home-bake contest. The static summer is punctured when local bad boy Ronny Lawton reports his father missing. A dismembered finger is found and all suspect the son of murdering his hated father, but nothing can be proved. The sorry tale of the white trash Lawtons hypnotises the town and Ronny Lawton becomes a local icon. Bill becomes increasingly obsessed with the story - he gets involved with Ronny's estranged wife, finds a decomposing human head, and ends up as a suspect in the murder case himself. Things come to a head and Ronny Lawton holds his wife, child and Bill hostage in a confrontation with the FBI. Bill escapes with the woman and child and contemplates the American dream gone sour.	2001	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780786021963	Wagons West,Nebraska!	Dana Fuller Ross		Autumn, 1837. Blazing onward from New York to Missouri, the legendary wagon train sent by U.S. President Andrew Jackson has reached the last outpost of civilization. Now five hundred strong, these brave pioneers set a course across the great rolling plains toward the treacherous Rockies, hoping to stake a claim in the American West. Led by their new wagon master "Whip" Holt, they must unite as a team if they are to survive, despite their vast differences. For among them is an independent young woman who leaves everything she loves, a black man who dreams of freedom, a Native American who knows the harshness of the land - and hundreds of others willing to risk their lives for a new beginning. Set upon by Indians and enemies, nature and fate, this magnificent caravan would face any challenge to make their own destiny - and change the course of history forever. Their story is the story of America.	2009-12-01	Pinnacle Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340894491	Walking on My Hands,Out of India-The Teenage Years	Jamila Gavin		Born to an Indian father and an English mother, Jamila Gavin's childhood was divided between two worlds. Having spent her childhood in India, Jamila and her mother move to England. It is the time of the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth and England is experiencing a post-war boom, a time of positive anticipation and enthusiasm for the future. Jamila recounts how she experiences teenage life in England as she grapples with British culture, develops long-lasting friendships and harnesses her musical talent. An engaging and evocative insight into a young girl growing up and struggling with identity and culture.	2007-07-26	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780446697736	What Your Doctor May Not Tell You About Cholesterol,The Latest Natural Treatments and Scientific Advances in One Breakthrough Program	Stephen R. Devries&Winifred Conkling		Heart disease is largely preventable, but conventional cholesterol management is often inadequate. According to university cardiologist and leading prevention specialist Dr. Stephen R. Devries, avoiding heart disease requires a far more comprehensive approach that balances new high tech testing with low tech treatments. Now, in WHAT YOUR DOCTOR MAY NOT TELL YOU ABOUT CHOLESTEROL, Dr. Devries combines natural treatments with the latest scientificadvances. New types of cholesterol tests are highlighted that go far beyond routine testing to identify hidden risks. Expanding the traditional medical model, Dr. Devries illustrates the role of mind/body interventions, lifestyle, supplements, vitamins, and conservative use of medication for optimal prevention.	2007-06-26	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780749924423	Boost your child's immune system,what you need to know about allergies, vaccinations, antibiotics and diet, including over 160 recipes	Lucy Burney		'Ideal for all parents - whatever their children's age.' Good Health Magazine Healthy children need healthy immune systems, to fight off bugs and infections they can pick up at school. The most effective way to strengthen your child's immune system is through a healthy diet. With suggestions to suit children from 0-18, top nutritionist Lucy Burney shows you how. Discover: The importance of good nutrition The immune-boosting diet for all children, from babies to teenagers The pros and cons of vaccinations for kids The latest research on food allergies - and how to avoid them How to fight infections naturally, and avoid antibiotics Tips on food storage and preparation, to avoid bugs and preserve nutrients Easy-to-follow menu plans and over 160 easy-to-make recipes that all your family will love	2003-06-26	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780304366682	Bridge Is Fun,Learn and Laugh with Ron Klinger	Ron Klinger		Bridge Is Fun contains more than 80 problems from recent tournaments, covering constructive and competitive bidding, opening leads, and defensive and declarer play. The book will also show you the lighter side of bridge after each solution.	2004-05-01	Cassell		English				ZZZ000000
9780755308422	Every Mother's Son	Lyn Andrews		Two young mothers fight to keep their families safe as the shadow of World War II falls over Liverpool.Molly and Bernie have been friends forever. As young girls they left Ireland seeking new beginnings in Liverpool. Now they are marrying their sweethearts and looking forward to enjoying the lives they've worked so hard to build. But as the Liverpool Blitz begins, it seems as if their dreams are about to be destroyed. Night after night, horrific bombing tears the city apart. As wives and mothers, both women know that they could face great tragedy. But they also know that their friendship, and their love for their husbands and sons, will give them the strength to find the happiness they deserve...	2006-09-07	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781840915303	Everyday Harumi,Simple Japanese Food for Family and Friends	Harumi Kurihara		In Everyday Harumi, Harumi Kurihara, Japan's most popular cookery writer, selects her favourite foods and presents more than 60 new home-style recipes for you to make for family and friends. Harumi wants everyone to be able to make her recipes and she demonstrates how easy it is to cook Japanese food for every day occasions without needing to shop at specialist food stores. Arranged by her favourite ingredients, Harumi presents recipes for soups, starters, snacks, party dishes, main courses and family feasts that are quick and simple to prepare, all presented in her effortless, down-to-earth and unpretentious approach to stylish living and eating. Every recipe is photographed and includes beautiful step by steps that show key Japanese cooking techniques such as chopping skills or how to serve rice. Texture and flavour are important to Japanese food and Harumi takes you through the basic sauces you can make at home and the staples you should have in your store cupboard. Photographed by award-winning photographer Jason Lowe, this warm and approachable cookbook invites you to cook and share Japanese food in a simple and elegant style.	2009-09-07	Conran Octopus		English				ZZZ000000
9780316113465	Everything... Pirates!,My First Pirate Book & Treasure Chest	Alex Toys&Sea Lass Lou		Ahoy! Little mateys will sail the seven seas like real pirates with this innovative package full of swashbuckling adventures.This deluxe activity kit includes:-Red Striped Bandana-Eye Patch-Navigator's Compass-2 Face-Paint Crayons-Temporary Tattoos-Stack of Pirate CoinsThe 46-page full-color activity book includes lots of exciting pirate-themed activities that little captains can do on their own or with their crew. Kids will send a message-in-a-bottle, build their own telescope, make a new parrot friend, and much more!	2007-09-01	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers		English				ZZZ000000
9781841491134	The Eye of Eternity	Maggie Furey		The Curtain Walls safeguarding the kingdoms of Myrial tremble on the point of collapse. If they fall, the world will fall with them. Its fate lies in the hands of the Shadowleague, but they have been shaken to the core by the return of the renegade Amaurn. Claiming what he believes to be his rightful place - at the head of the Shadowleague - the man who long ago betrayed the Loremasters must first persuade them to follow him. But time is fast running out, and it seems that now only a miracle can save the world of Myrial . . .	2003	Orbit		English				FIC009000
9780340956915	I Want My Mummy	Mij Kelly		This is the story about the day, a baby blue egg came out to play. First came one leg, then the other, then it yelled, 'I want my mother!' Join Baby Blue Egg on his search for his mother. The other dinosaurs are happy to help as long as the Egg stops making such a noise. They don't want to wake the scary Tyrannosaurus Rex!	2009-05-21	Hodder Children's Division		English				JUV000000
9780752869346	Complete short stories: a good hanging, beggars banquet & atonement	Ian Rankin		Ian Rankin has amassed an incredible portfolio of short stories, which all share the best qualities of his phenomenally popular novels. Now his two critically acclaimed short story collections - A GOOD HANGING and BEGGARS BANQUET - come together in one volume, along with ATONEMENT - a new Rebus story, written especially for this collection.A GOOD HANGING - Twelve Inspector Rebus mysteries, including the hanging of a student during the Edinburgh Festival, a gruesome arson attack, and the apparent witnessing of a miracle. Step off the tourist trail and into the macabre heart of Rebus's Edinburgh.BEGGARS BANQUET - Ranging from suburban murders to the sinister workings of a serial killer's mind, here are twenty-one tales all bearing the hallmark of great crime writing. Included are seven Inspector Rebus mysteries, and the Dagger award-winning story 'Herbert in Motion'.ATONEMENT - When Rebus comes to the aid of an old friend, he uncovers some hard-to-swallow truths about life, and death, at a local home for the elderly.	2005-07-21	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780752856735	Rebus,the lost years	Ian Rankin		LET IT BLEED: Struggling through the bleak Edinburgh winter Rebus finds himself sucked into a web of intrigue that throws up more questions than answers. Was the Lord Provost's daughter kidnapped or just another runaway? And why on earth is Rebus invited to a clay pigeon shoot at the home of the Scottish Office's Permanent Secretary? Sucked into the machine that is modern Scotland, Rebus confronts the fact that some of his enemies may be beyond justice.BLACK & BLUE: Rebus is juggling four cases trying to nail one killer. And he's doing it under the scrutiny of an internal inquiry led by a man he's just accused of taking backhanders from Glasgow's Mr Big. Added to that there are TV cameras at his back investigating a miscarriage of justice, making Rebus a criminal in the eyes of a millions of viewers. Just one mistake is likely to mean a slow and unpleasant death or, worse still, losing his job.THE HANGING GARDEN: DI John Rebus is on the paper trail of a WWII war criminal...until a running battle between two rival gangs on the city streets arrives at his door. When his own daughter is the victim of a hit-and-run Rebus is forced to acknowledge that there's nothing he wouldn't do to bring down the prime suspect - even if it means cutting a deal with the devil.	2003-05-08	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9781584763543	Play Pockets,Shapes, Numbers, Colors	Karen Craig		Flaps reveal numbers for early-learning counting. Shape pockets and color/pattern cards for learning colors and shapes.	2006-03-31	Innovative Kids		English				ZZZ000000
9781584766285	Elmer	David McKee		Elmer the colourful patchwork elephant has been a nursery favourite since this first book was published in 1989. A modern classic, this picture book is known to millions, and continues to be the strongest seller of the whole series, having sold over 2 million copies around the world. The subtle message is that it is OK to be different, and combined with the vibrant colour and cheeky humour of the main character, this paperback and CD edition is a celebration of its continued popularity.	2007-09-25	Andersen		English				ZZZ000000
9781846163128	Elves and the Story Maker	Laurence Anholt&Arthur Robins		There was once . . . a very silly story writer who ran out of ideas. Who would write his silly stories now? Elves? Gorillas? Aliens?	2009-06-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781843627081	Draglins in Danger	Vivian French		Charming Borrowers-style stories about mini-dragons who move from their home in the attic to the great Outdoors. Wowling has been heard near the draglins' home in Under Shed! Daffodil, Dora, Dennis and Danny come face to face with a scary chat for the first time ever ndash; are four little draglins a match for terrible teeth and sharp claws?	2008-05-08	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781843627111	Draglins Lost	Vivian French		Charming Borrowers-style stories about mini-dragons who move from their home in the attic to the great Outdoors. Here comes a fierce crow with a big beak is this the end of Dennis? It was meant to be a splendid day out from school, but he's got himself lost in a field. Will Daffodil, Dora and Danny find him in time?	2008-08-05	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781843627067	Draglins to the Rescue	Vivian French&Chris Fisher		Charming Borrowers-style stories about mini-dragons who move from their home in the attic to the great Outdoors. Daffodil, Dora, Dennis and Danny have moved Outdoors, but their things are trapped Under Roof! Dennis has a PLAN to rescue them ... But will the gigantic Human Beanies get in the way?	2008-08-05	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9780297844983	The Elements of Organic Gardening	Wales&Stephanie Donaldson		In THE GARDEN AT HIGHGROVE, HRH The Prince of Wales gave an overview of how the garden had developed over 20 years. In this more practical book he describes the organic practices that have turned Highgrove into one of the finest gardens in the country. The same organic principles are also employed at Clarence House and Birkhall, each with their quite different conditions and problems. Birkhall, photographed for the first time, has an extensive cutting garden used by the Duchess of Cornwall for the flower arrangements with which she fills the house. THE ELEMENTS OF ORGANIC GARDENING covers compost, healthy soil and propagation, plant combinations and rotations, and how to deal with pests the organic way. There is a calendar describing what is done at Highgrove throughout the year, all beautifully photographed by Andrew Lawson.	2008-05-13	Weidenfeld & Nicolson		English				ZZZ000000
9780349400037	The Elusive Bride	Stephanie Laurens		Gareth Hamilton is stunned when he recognizes Emily Ensworth on his ship. The veil she wears is not enough to disguise her from h - or from the man hired to kill her. Whisking Emily to safety, Gareth realizes that the Black Cobra is on to them. In order to protect her, Gareth must let Emily in on the dangerous plot she is now intimately involved in. Emily Ensworth is no wilting flower. She knew the packet the dying soldier thrust upon her held vital information, and she has every intention of seeing it into safe hands. But she is also determined to bring the men trying to kill her to justice. Together, she and Gareth do their best to lure the Black Cobra and his men into the open. Putting their lives at risk draws Emily and Gareth ever closer together, the constant danger sparking a passion neither one can resist. But with threats lurking around every corner, Gareth and Emily must work harder than ever to make sure that their newfound love isn't snuffed out before it ever has a chance.	2010-02-04	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781846165023	Princess Ellie and the Enchanted Fawn	Vivian French		A little fawn has lost its way in Hollyberry Wood. Can the Pearl Palace Princesses help Witch Windlespin find his mother? Princess Ellie has an idea, but nasty Princess Diamonde has one too...	2010	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781846162923	Princess Georgia and the Shimmering Pearl	Vivian French		Princess Georgia designs a beautiful bouquet for a special princess. but horrible Princess Diamonde and Princess Gruella say it was their idea! Can Fairy G's magic pearl help find out who is telling the truth?	2007-05-03	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781408305805	Starlight Surprise	Vivian French		Princess Freya and Princess Lisa have got to stay at the Princess Academy over Christmas! They're feeling a bit homesick, but lovely Fairy G knows just how to make their holidays extra speciaL.	2009	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9781584764885	The Tooth Fairy Rules	Melanie Marks&Jennifer Kalis		From hiding lost teeth in a safe to burying them outside, Max does his best to outsmart the tooth fairy. This enchanting tale comes with a soft pillow that has a built-in tooth box.	2006-10-01	Innovative Kids		English				ZZZ000000
9780340989791	Full Moon	Paul Van Loon		Alfie and Tim are looking forward to their school trip, until Tim gets flu and has to stay behind. Alfie will have to cope without his best friend for once, but at least it's not Full Moon and he won't be turning into a werewolf ... or so he thinks! A calendar mix-up means that Alfie will be camping out with his classmates in the woods during full moon with a crazy hunter as their guide. How on earth will Alfie keep his werewolf identity a secret from his friends and avoid being the hunter's prey? And as if that wasn't enough, something scary is lurking in the forest ...	2010	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780751512953	The alienist	Caleb Carr		Some things never change. New York City, 1896. Hypocrisy in high places is rife, police corruption commonplace, and a brutal killer is terrorising young male prostitutes. Unfortunately for Police Commissioner Theodore Roosevelt, the psychological profiling of murderers is a practice still in its infancy, struggling to make headway against the prejudices of those who prefer the mentally ill - and the 'alienists' who treat them - to be out of sight as well as out of mind. But as the body count rises, Roosevelt swallows his doubts and turns to the eminent alienist Dr Laszlo Kreizler to put a stop to the bloody murders - giving Kreizler a chance to take him further into the dark heart of criminality, and one step closer to death.	1995-01-12	Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9780752893136	All for Love,A Romantic Anthology	Laura Stoddart		In her long-awaited third book, Laura Stoddart turns her attention to the theme of romantic love. Her book of brief quotations, with her own distinctive illustrations, includes sections on the pursuit of love, love and marriage, and the love affair, as well as reflections on the nature of love. Wodehouse chumps chase unsuitable girls, Dorothy Parker makes acidic comments about men, Byron complains that there's nothing to write about in a happy marriage, and scores of other writers from ancient Greece to the present day supply nuggets of wisdom and humour, and delight in the strange antics of humans in the grip of love. For every sweet sentiment Laura Stoddart has found a robust antidote, and in deliciously delicate drawings she casts a sharp eye on the follies of love. The many fans of this remarkable artist will be entranced again by her tiny, exquisite pictures and by the originality of her vision.	2008-01-24	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780340924129	All of Me	Patsy Palmer		When Patsy Palmer landed the part of Bianca on EastEnders at the age of 16, it was a dream come true for a girl who'd grown up in Bethnal Green longing for stardom. Money, fame and lots and lots of parties were soon part of daily life and it wasn't long before Patsy was addicted to hedonism and then drowning in sea of drugs and drink. She had her first baby when she was 19 but nothing really slowed down the self-destrutive spiral of substance abuse. It wasn't until much later, after near death encounters and relationship breakdown with the family she adored but who were also troubled with drug problems and mental health issues, that Patsy found her way to stop. These days she is happy and healthy but getting there was a struggle that nearly cost her her kids, her marriage and her life. ALL OF ME is the scrupulously honest account of how Patsy decided to choose life and in so doing, finally found out who she really was.	2007-10-18	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780340981535	Motorbike in the Mountains	Jenny Alexander		There's a shiny new motorbike in the Car Supermarket this week. Soon Jack is transported far away to the Scottish Highlands, where Clark can't annoy him ... or can he?	2010-05-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				FIC000000
9780340981542	The Marvellous Minibus	Jenny Alexander		Jack is disappointed when there are no exciting new cars in the Car Supermarket this week. But then Granny Bright turns up and transforms a boring minibus ride into one crazy, eventful journey ...	2010-05-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				FIC000000
9780340981511	The Speedy Sports Car	Jenny Alexander		There's a really exciting new car at the Car Supermarket ' a shiny red sports car. Jack could become a racing driver with a car like that ...	2010-05-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				FIC000000
9780316014816	Dracula	Bram Stoker&Elizabeth Kostova		Originally published in 1897, this masterpiece of horror and suspense was an instant bestseller, transcending generation, language, and culture to become one of the most perennially popular novels ever written. Now, Dracula is strikingly repackaged to include a foreword by Elizabeth Kostova, the author of the instant #1 New York Times bestseller The Historian. Bram Stoker has created a horrific and bleak allegorical saga of an eternally cursed being whose malevolent deeds reflect the questions of identity, sanity, morality, sexuality, and desire that plagued Victorian societyand continue to plague the modern world.	2005-09-07	Little, Brown and Company		English				ZZZ000000
9780340961070	Duchess by Night	Eloisa James		Disguise is a dangerous game . . . After a lifetime as a wallflower Harriet, the Duchess of Berrow, is finally seeking a little pleasure of her own. And where better to begin than at the house of one of the most disreputable men in the country, Lord Strange? However, the high-stakes games of lust and chance that rule Strange's household mean that to cross the threshold could entirely ruin her reputation. So Harriet swaps her hoops and corsets for a pair of breeches and transforms herself into a young male relative of the Duke of Villiers. Before she knows it she's writing bawdy missives on behalf of a young actress, not to mention winning card games played by the most powerful men in England. But when she starts attracting male attention, Harriet must decide whether to stay in her disguise or to reveal that she's really a duchess by night . . .	2009-02-19	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780460878319	Dylan Thomas	Dylan Thomas&Walford Davies		Praised for his verbal inventiveness, image-making power and almost pagan metaphysics, Dylan Thomas's poems are visions of creation and morality.	1997	Dent		English				LIT004120
9780749951139	The Eagles,Flying High	Laura Jackson		The Eagles have enjoyed colossal success spanning three decades. They are a remarkable mesh of lyrical and musical talent, twined with an explosive blend of personalities. They are a group of individually diverse and vivid characters - something which played a crucial part in propelling them to global success but has also led to bitter personality clashes, paranoia and tension, leaving them at bitter odds with one another, burned out and depressed at the start of the 1980s. The Eagles have one of the most fascinating sex, drugs and rock and roll stories that there is. At their decadent height, they enjoyed an insatiable appetite for drugs and groupies, and threw some of the wildest parties in the business. Laura Jackson follows their fascinating story from the early '70s when they established an immediately identifiable sound that was unique to them, through their career and personal highs and lows, to their break up in 1982 and their eventual reform in 1994. The Eagles: Flying High provides a definitive insight into one of the best selling bands in recording history.	2008	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780751541526	Half Light/Let's Dance	Frances Fyfield		Half Light Elisabeth is a restorer of paintings, delighting in her work as she coaxes secrets from damaged canvas. One day she disappears. Her lover Francis, his fears dismissed by the police, searches for her with the help of Annie Macalpine, an antiques dealer. Annie finds out that Elisabeth is trapped in an elegant prison, restoring art for a wealthy collector, whose grip on reality is giving way as his grip on Elisabeth is tightening... Let's Dance Isabel Burley returns to her childhood home to look after her mother, who has Alzheimer's disease. Serena is prey to the threats of failing memory, her inability to run her own home ? and the local villains who are eyeing her isolated house. But Isabel finds that a further threat comes from within, as the two women struggle with their love/hate relationship that has roots deep into the past.	2008-06-05	Little Brown Books Group		English				ZZZ000000
9781844081646	Hallelujah! The Welcome Table	Maya Angelou		Throughout Maya Angelou's life food has played a pivotal role at important moments. In HALLELUJAH! THE WELCOME TABLE she narrates some of these tales and then gives us recipes for the food that helped shape her memories. There was the time she cooked a cassoulet for M.F.K. Fisher on the very day she moved into her new house in California. Or how her mother made a delicious maple cake for her when she was expelled from school for not being able to speak. Then there's a story about how once Decca (Jessica) Mitford made a delicious chicken - and the recipe is for 'Chicken Drunkard Style'. The recipes cover fried meat pies, caramel cake, Minnisota wild rice, chicken livers and many more. Maya Angelou's kitchen is a social centre, she cooks while she entertains and is renowned for what she serves.	2006-10-05	VIRAGO		English				ZZZ000000
9780749647070	Sausages!	Anne Adeney		A follow-up series to Leapfrog, our successful first readers, Hopscotch is a series of fiction readers for children developing their basic reading skills and for older reluctant readers. These exciting reads focus on key areas of interest for the age range and tie in with the fiction genres of the NLS at Years 1 and 2. Fun stories are brought to life with full-colour illustrations. Sausages! - A traditional French tale, telling the hilarious story of the hapless Albert and the new shoes that he cannot afford. The shoemaker has a plan, but Albert isn't sure how saying 'Sausages!' will help!	2003-03-13	Franklin Watts Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749658762	Best Den Ever	Anne Cassidy&Deborah Allwright		Brightly illustrated, fun, "real" stories by top authors and illustrators. Ideal for newly independent readers. Ages 5-7.	2005-04-21	Franklin Watts		English				ZZZ000000
9780749647063	The Playground Snake	Brian Moses		After the children in the school playground stop playing with him, a snake finds a better home in one of the classrooms.	2003-03-13	Watts		English				ZZZ000000
9780749646189	The queen's dragon	Anne Cassidy&Gwyneth Williamson		When the queen gets tired of her dragon, Harry, and starts to look for a replacement, the royal parrot tries to help him reclaim the queen's affections.	2003-01-09	Watts		English				ZZZ000000
9780749647087	The truth about Hansel and Gretel	Karina Law&Elke Counsell		The owner of the gingerbread house that Hansel and Gretel came upon in the woods tells her side of the story.	2003-03-27	Franklin Watts		English				ZZZ000000
9780749679606	Pets on Parade	Jillian Powell		It's Bring Your Tet to School Day - what could possibly go wrong?	2009-04-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780749679552	Queen Rosie	Penny Dolan&Flory Denis		Queen Rosie LOVES pink, and only pink. But when she decides to make everything pink, not everybody is happy...	2009-01-29	Franklin Watts Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749679538	Raindrop Bill	Anne Bryant&O'Kiff		Follow Raindrop Bill on his crazy ride, and learn about the water cycle at the same time!	2008-09-11	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780749679590	Red Riding Hood Rap	Penny Dolan		Little Red Riding Hood is off to see her poorly Granny. As she skips through the woods, a cheeky wolf is following. What happens next is not what you might expect!	2009-06-12	Franklin Watts Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749638290	Bill's baggy trousers	Susan P. Gates&Ann Axworthy		Leapfrog is a series of first reading books for new readers and older reluctant readers. The stories are presented in large text format and are accompanied by bright, full-colour illustrations. Bill's Baggy Trousers - Bill's mum buys him some new fashionable, baggy trousers with which he is very pleased. One windy day, Bill's mum sends him to the shops and all sorts of strange things start to happen to his trousers!	2001-04-26	Franklin Watts		English				ZZZ000000
9780753710333	Miracle Soups	Amanda Cross		Amanda Cross presents over 70 delicious and nutritious soups to beat ailments from allergies to high blood pressure. Each soup is quick and easy to prepare, yet is packed full of health enhancing vitamins and minerals.	2004-11-04	Bounty books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749922689	A Modern Girl's Guide to Getting Hitched,How to Plan, Survive and Enjoy Your Wedding	Sarah Ivens		This fun, witty, self-help book for brides-to-be tells the modern woman the truth about weddings. Entertaining and informative, it's aimed at real women and tells the truth about weddings that magazines don't dare to mention, including tips, guidance, and case studies on how to plan for the big day, cope with families and friends, and achieve personal goals. Topics covered include: Looking like a princesswithout having to behave like one; Speecheschoosing the right people for the job and controlling their content; Choosing a bridesmaid without losing all your female friends; Learning how to balance being a wedding bore with a full-time job; Judgment Dayincluding common disasters and last minute fixes.A Modern Girl's Guide to Getting Hitchedis a must-have, light-hearted guide to one of the most unintentionally stressful days of a girl's life.	2002-02-27	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749928179	A Modern Girl's Guide to Getting Organised,How to Save Time and Stress and Avoid Sleepless Nights	Sarah Ivens		A Modern Girl's Guide to Getting Organisedis a fun, info-packed guide that shows you how to take the stress out of everyday life so you have more time for yourselfand for fun! The modern girl is faced with more and more demands: climbing the career ladder, having a busy social life, looking gorgeous and conducting successful relationshipsand sometimes we need a bit of help. Packed full of time-saving ideas, stress-reducing plans, and useful hints, tips, and personal stories from women, this book will help you in all areas of your life, from your work to your wardrobe, from your home to your holidays.	2007-12-20	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340756232	Money, sex & power,the challenge of the disciplined life	Richard J. Foster		'No issues touch us more profoundly or universally,' writes Richard Foster. 'No topics cause more controversy. No human realities have greater power to bless or curse. No three things have been more sought after or are more in need of a Christian response.' Money, Sex and Power discerns the biblical principles that enable us to live out a relevant and authentic response to the three greatest temptations of our age.	2005-05	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781843625193	Poppy and Max and the Big Wave	Sally Grindley&Lindsey Gardiner		Poppy and Max are at the beach. Poppy can't wait to surf the big waves, but Max isn't so sure. He thinks he will be much safer chasing crabs on the sand. But then one crab gets very close to the water . . . and suddenly Max is surfing!	2009	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781843623939	Poppy and Max and the Fashion Show	Sally Grindley&Lindsey Gardiner		Poppy and Max see a sign asking for models for a fashion show and Poppy is desperate to volunteer. Poppy loves dressing up in exciting outfits, but Max does not like wearing clothes . . . until he gets the chance to be the star of the catwalk!	2008-04-01	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781843623946	Poppy and Max and the Lost Puppy	Sally Grindley&Lindsey Gardiner		Poppy and Max have found a lost puppy. Poppy thinks he's adorable, but Max isn't so sure, especially when Poppy seems to like the puppy better than him!	2008-10-01	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340932117	Sniff	Ian Whybrow&Tony Ross		Large, slobbery and lost, Sniff picks up Ben in the playground - and after that, there's never a dull moment for the Moore family. He's nuts! He's adorable! He's hopeless! Well, OK, he might save the day - but only by accident ...	2007-08-02	Hodder Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340932124	Sniff Bounces Back	Ian Whybrow&Tony Ross		Sniff: big-hearted, brainless and untrainable! Has Sniff been dog-napped by mad scientists? Or acirc;euro;oelig;eated by a moocowacirc;euro;yen;? And why are Ben and his family hiding in the bushes with no clothes on acirc;euro;brvbar;? Welcome back to the puzzling world of the most hilarious and chaotic canine ever!	2007-08-02	Hodder Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340932148	Sniff the Wonderdog	Ian Whybrow&Tony Ross		Sniff: the dog whose hobbies are biting bees and chasing motorbikes! Ben's parents are hoping for a relaxing family holiday. With Sniff around? No chance! But, brainless though he is, Sniff still manages to save the day!	2007-08-02	Hodder Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780753820094	Snobs,a novel	Julian Fellowes		'Fellowes doesn't try to hide his love of the funny, sealed, above-stairs world of dukes, duchesses, marquesses, nursery maids, herbaceous borders and breakfast kedgeree, all of which makes Snobs such a a good, fresh read' Mary Wakefield, Daily Telegraph Edith Lavery is a woman on the make. The attractive only child of a middle-class accountant, she leaves behind her dull job in a Chelsea estate agents and manages to bag one of the most eligible bachelors of the day - Charles Broughton, heir to the Marquess of Uckfield. But is life amongst the upper echelons of 'good' society all that it seems? Edith soon discovers there's much more to the aristocracy than dancing in Anabel's, shooting small birds and understanding which fork to use at dinner. And then there is Charles's mother, the indomitable Lady Uckfield, or 'Googie' to her friends, who is none too pleased with her son's choice of breeding partner. With twists and turns aplenty, this is a comical tale worthy of a contemporary Jane Austen.	2005-03-17	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9781584760214	Big and Little	Bob Filipowich&Ikids		Original foam bath books with early-learning concepts and pop-out play pieces.-- Introduction to early-learning concepts-- Learning identification of working vehicles, dinosaurs, tidal creatures, and animals with highly textured coverings-- Practice in matching-- Development of fine motor skills	2000-04-01	Innovative Kids		English				ZZZ000000
9781842555286	The dead days omnibus	Marcus Sedgwick		The days between 27 December and New Year's Eve are dead days, when spirits roam and magic shifts restlessly just beneath the surface of our everyday lives. There is a man, Valerian, whose time is running out, who must pay the price for the pact he made with evil so many years ago. His servant is Boy, a child with no name and no past; a child he treats with contempt, but who serves his master well and finds solace in the company of his only friend, Willow. Unknown to any of them it is Boy who holds the key to their destiny. But before that is revealed, Boy and Willow are held captive in the palace of the Emperor Frederick. Here they are plunged into a world of gilded finery and splendour. Beneath the golden veneer lies cruelty and madness. They are in terrible danger as they confront the whirlwind furies of the Emperor, the calculating ambitions of his confidante, Maxim, and follow a trail which will lead them to the murderous Phantom. THE BOOK OF DEAD DAYS and THE DARK FLIGHT DOWN are mesmerising stories of sorcery and desperate magic spanning dark cities, deadly courtrooms, and the threatening, frozen countryside. The truth about Valerian's past, Boy's identity and many other shattering secrets are laid bare as the Book of Dead Days is opened for the final time...	2006-10-12	Orion Children's		English				ZZZ000000
9780316010801	The Devil's Highway,A True Story	Luis Alberto Urrea		The author of "Across the Wire" offers brilliant investigative reporting of what went wrong when, in May 2001, a group of 26 men attempted to cross the Mexican border into the desert of southern Arizona. Only 12 men came back out. "Superb . . . Nothing less than a saga on the scale of the Exodus and an ordeal as heartbreaking as the Passion . . . The book comes vividly alive with a richness of language and a mastery of narrative detail that only the most gifted of writers are able to achieve.--"Los Angeles Times Book Review."	2005-09-19	Little, Brown and Company		English				ZZZ000000
9780340883990	The Disgusting Dictionary,An A to Z of Rude and Horrid Words	Tracey Turner		The Disgusting Dictionary is a collection of all the rude, horrible, and fascinatingly foul words you can imagine, and a few more besides. Find out how to be disgusting in different languages and different centuries, learn about the world's most disgusting animals, and discover who were the most disgusting people in history.	2004	Hodder Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781843627104	Draglins and the Fire	Vivian French		Charming Borrowers-style stories about mini-dragons who move from their home in the attic to the great Outdoors. Human Beanies are dangerous, especially when they're blowing smoke. Now there's a fire in Under Shed, and the flames are spreading! Can Daffodil, Dora, Dennis and Danny save their home?	2008-06-05	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9781846166099	Gruffen	Chris d'Lacey		When Lucy Pennykettle suspects there's a monster in her bedroom, her mum knows exactly what to do. She makes a guard dragon Gruffen to look after Lucy. But soon Gruffen realises there's a mystery behind the monster...	2010-05-01	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9781846162329	Tiger-Lily Gold	Fiona Dunbar		Rorie and Elsie's parents are missing, and time is running out. The mission to rescue them will take the girls on a dangerous journey, deep into the nerve centre of the corporate machine that is robbing people of their identities. Can the Silk sisters reach their mum and dad before it's too late?	2009-05-07	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9780753826324	Spitfire,Icon of a Nation	Ivan Rendall		Designed to be the best fighter in the world the creators of the Spitfire married science, technology and art to create both 'a thing of beauty' and a deadly weapon that changed the course of the war. 'You don't just strap yourself in, you buckle the Spitfire on, like girding on armour...' Squadron Leader William Duncan Smith The Spitfire is part of popular culture and from the Battle of Britain to the present day it has remained a national celebrity. As a focus of appeals, for scrap aluminium - 'turn your saucepans into Spitfires' - for the 'Spitfire Fund' and 'Wings for Victory Week' the British people had a stake in the Spitfire. Working People contributed through their companies to present Spitfires to the RAF in return for letters from the pilots. After the war, no victory flypast was complete without a Spitfire, and today no air show is over until the roar of the Merlin engine has been heard overhead. This book, with its wealth of unusual contemporary imagery, modern photography, first-person reminiscence and high production standards is the last word on a subject of enduring appeal.	2009-08-20	PHOENIX		English				HIS027140
9780751539738	Wasted	Mark Johnson		Mark Johnson?s father had ?LOVE? tattooed across his left hand, but that didn?t stop the beatings. The Johnson children would turn up to school with broken fingers and chipped teeth, but no one ever thought of investigating their home life. Mark just slipped through the cracks, and kept on falling. For years.Constantly in trouble at school, Mark began stealing at the age of seven, was drinking by the age of eight, and took his first hit of heroin aged eleven. A sensitive, intelligent boy, he could never stay on the right path, and though Art College beckoned, he ended up in Portland prison instead.With searing honesty, WASTED documents Mark?s descent into the depths of addiction and criminality. Homeless, hooked on heroin and crack, no one - least of all Mark - believed he would survive. And yet - astonishingly - he somehow pulled himself through, and now runs his own thriving tree surgery business, employing and helping other recovering addicts. His story is at once shocking and inspiring - a compelling account of his struggle to save himself, and help save others in the process.	2008-01-01	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9780340818862	Watching the English,the hidden rules of English behaviour	Kate Fox		In WATCHING THE ENGLISH anthropologist Kate Fox takes a revealing look at the quirks, habits and foibles of the English people. She puts the English national character under her anthropological microscope, and finds a strange and fascinating culture, governed by complex sets of unspoken rules and byzantine codes of behaviour. The rules of weather-speak. The ironic-gnome rule. The reflex apology rule. The paranoid-pantomime rule. Class indicators and class anxiety tests. The money-talk taboo and many more . . . Through a mixture of anthropological analysis and her own unorthodox experiments (using herself as a reluctant guinea-pig), Kate Fox discovers what these unwritten behaviour codes tell us about Englishness.	2005-04-11	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780719565526	Waxing mythical : the life and legend of Madame Tussaud	Kate Berridge		Marie Tussaud led a remarkable life and with grit and audacity she overcame reversals of fortune to build an extraordinary spectacle. Of lowly birth, Marie became apprentice to a charismatic Paris showman who taught her wax modelling. They lived among a colourful cast of 'Italian singers, pastry cooks, restaurant keepers, marionettes, acrobats, giants, dwarves, ferocious beasts'. In her memoir she also claimed friendship with royals and revolutionaries including Marie Antoinette and Voltaire. But, as a born entrepreneur, did Marie's flair for publicity extend to moulding her own story? After the Revolution, she came to England and took her show on the road. She pursued the punishing lifestyle of the travelling show for years and secured a lasting reputation in the Dickensian world of 19th century popular entertainment. More than a biography, this captivating cultural history plunges the reader into the escapist delights of canine cabaret, living skeletons, phantasmagoria and waxworks. It reveals a truth that Madame Tussaud harnessed from the outset - the appeal of glamour and gore is enduring and universal.	2007-05-03	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780755302932	We Shall Not Sleep	Anne Perry		"It's October 1918 on the Western Front and Chaplain Joseph Reavley can barely bring himself to look at the body lying discarded outside the operating tent. Four years of facing the death and horror of the trenches, yet nothing could have prepared him for the mutilation wrought upon young nurse Sarah Price. Charged with tracking down the man responsible, Joseph will do whatever it takes to bring him to justice." "Meanwhile, Joseph's brother Matthew, of the British S.I.S., is crossing the treacherous British channel, bound for Ypres. Once there he is to meet with a man who claims to know the identity of the Peacemaker - a dangerous figure, determined that a German Empire should rule. If Matthew can track the Peacemaker down and put a stop to his schemes then there is a chance for lasting peace but if he fails then freedom and liberty could cease to exist for generations to come."--BOOK JACKET.	2008-05-01	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780747264514	A rare Ruby	Dee Williams		When Ruby's father returns, shell-shocked, from the front lines of the Great War, the young girl realises that things will never be the same again. Forced to leave school and help her mother wash clothes, Ruby closes the door on her childhood. When she takes a job at the local laundry, Ruby enjoys the friendship of the other women there, but there's also bitchiness and jealousy amongst the workers. At home there's growing tension with the live-in landlord as Ruby grows into an attractive woman, but not the kind who's willing to use her charms to win favours. Ruby's heart belongs to one man only, a local boy she's known all her life, but there are many battles to be fought before they start a life together...	2002-08-19	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780719597909	Along the enchanted way,a Romanian story	William Blacker		When William Blacker first crossed the snow-bound passes of northern Romania, he stumbled upon an almost medieval world.There, for many years he lived side by side with the country people, a life ruled by the slow cycle of the seasons, far away from the frantic rush of the modern world. In spring as the pear trees blossomed he ploughed with horses, in summer he scythed the hay meadows and in the freezing winters gathered wood by sleigh from the forest. From sheepfolds harried by wolves, to courting expeditions in the snow, he experienced the traditional way of life to the full, and became accepted into a community who treated him as one of their own. But Blacker was also intrigued by the Gypsies, those dark, foot-loose strangers of spell-binding allure who he saw passing through the village. Locals warned him to stay clear but he fell in love and there followed a bitter struggle.Change is now coming to rural Romania, and William Blacker's adventures will soon be part of its history. From his early carefree days tramping the hills of Transylvania, to the book's poignant ending, Along the Enchanted Way transports us back to a magical country world most of us thought had vanished long ago.	2009-07-09	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780753819388	A social history of the Third Reich	Richard Grunberger		The Nazis developed a social system unprecedented in history. It wasrigidly hierarchical, with the seemingly beneficent and ascetic figure ofHitler at the top - focus for the homage and aspirations of every man,woman and child. How did the 'ordinary citizen' live under such asystem? The author discusses such subjects as beauty in the Third Reich (no cosmetics, no slimming) as well as charting how you progressed to the elite Nazi cadres - administrators, propagandists or coercers. It shows childhood with the Hitler Youth and describes the intense medieval ritual injected into every phase of life from school and university to farm labour. It shows life in the office, in industry, in the professions - doctors, lawyers, artists - and in the Nazi Party itself. Finally, it documents what happened at the two extremes of German society - to the aristocrats and to the Jews.	2005	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780755331376	Before the Storm	Judith Lennox		A gripping multi-generational family drama set in London and Cornwall, from 1908 until the 1950s. On an autumn day in 1909 wealthy young Richard Finborough catches sight of twenty-year-old Isabel Zeale at the harbour at Lynmouth in Devon. Her beauty captivates him. Aware of shameful secrets in her past, Isabel has no intention of letting anyone into her life, but Richard's persistence and ardour eventually win him her trust - and her hand in marriage. The decades pass and Isabel and Richard raise a family through the turbulent times of the First World War and the 1920s. As her children reach adulthood, Isabel is convinced her secret is safe - until an old acquaintance emerges from the shadows, turning her world upside down. To protect the happiness of those she loves most, Isabel must find the courage to confront what came before, and live with the consequences...	2008-04-07	Headline Review		English				FIC014000
9780316027557	Best-Loved Fairy Tales	Hans Christian Andersen&Brothers Grimm&Isabelle Brent		A beautifully designed collectionof well-loved fairy tales, including such favourites asRumpelstiltskin, Little Snow-White, Rapunzel, TheEmperor's New Clothes and many more.The book is illustrated throughout by Isabelle Brent'smagical watercolours, lavishly embellished with gold leafand her mastery of decorative style, making this a bookthe whole family will treasure.	2007-05-20	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780747263241	Better days	June Tate		Gemma Barrett has a good job in a Southampton department store and a blossoming romance with the enigmatic Nick Weston, a first officer with Cunard. Life would be good if it wasn't for her mother, Eve, who likes more to drink than is good for her. And when Gemma's dad walks out and Eve starts bringing strange men home, Gemma doesn't know where to turn. Desperate to escape, she seizes the opportunity to be a stewardess on the Queen Mary, voyaging to and from New York. But a chance encounter with Vince Morelli, a gang boss in the New York docks, looks set to jeopardise her newfound happiness.	2002-06-05	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780550101655	Chambers Large Print Thesaurus	Martin H. Manser		The Chambers Large Print Thesaurus is ideal for those who need a thesaurus that provides large, clear text without compromising the content. It contains an extensive and up-to-date selection of synonyms and antonyms, presented in a large font on uncluttered and easy-to-read pages. Like its companion volume, the Chambers Large Print Dictionary, it has been designed and compiled with the advice of the RNIB and the British Dyslexia Association. The RNIB reports that three million people in the UK are being denied the right to read because they have a sight problem, dyslexia or another reading disability. 96 per cent of books are not available in large print. The RNIB's new Right to Read campaign aims to make more texts available.	2005-10-15	Chambers		English				REF022000
9780550101471	Mini School Dictionary	IAN BROOKES		Packed with essential vocabulary and usage notes, this durable pocket-sized dictionary will help students develop their language skills. Paying close attention to terms from key curriculum subjects, it is ideal for classroom use or helping with homework.	2005-08-17	Chambers		English				ZZZ000000
9780550102966	Chambers Paperback Thesaurus	Chambers Harrap Publishers Ltd		Providing alternatives for about 9,000 common British English words, "The Chambers Paperback Thesaurus" is a great resource for anyone who needs to write or use British English.The portable companion to the "Chambers Paperback Dictionary", the "Chambers Paperback Thesaurus" includes:*More than 180,000 synonyms and antonyms, with the most useful meanings given first*Lists of thematically related words*Extra supplements on "getting the most from your thesaurus" and lists of words with the same suffixes: -isms, -ologies, etc.	2007-11-21	Chambers		English				ZZZ000000
9780550104069	Chambers Pocket Crossword Dictionary	KATE SLEIGHT		Small but perfectly-formed,Chambers Pocket Crossword Dictionaryis the key reference for crossword solvers on the move. This new compact crossword dictionary is packed with thousands of words and phrases; each word list is sorted by word length and then alphabetically, to make finding the solution easy and fast. The convenient size means it can be slipped into a briefcase, beach bag or pocket and, thanks to the clear design, it is a joy to use.A portable treasury of words and phrases,Chambers Pocket Crossword Dictionaryis an indispensable tool for solving even the most fiendish crossword puzzles. Crossword fans shouldn't leave home without it.	2008-11-02	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780550102546	Chambers Pocket Dictionary	Chambers		Chambers Pocket Dictionary is a clear, reliable and up-to-date dictionary that is suitable for home and office use. It focuses on contemporary English, providing straightforward definitions as well as numerous notes to help with tricky points of language. This new edition has been brought fully up to date and incorporates new words from modern culture and technology.	2006-09-18	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781933231037	Decorate,Insider's Tips from Top Interior Designers	Michael Lassell		Each issue of "Metropolitan Home magazine is filled with photographs of some of the world's most beautiful houses. But making your own home special isn't just about copying photos. Good designers have a vision of what they want to create, and come up with a plan for how best to achieve it. Understanding first the ideas, and then the methods, is the key to taking a house from drab to fabulous. In this book, Michael Lassell, who has been writing for "Metropolitan Home since 1992, goes behind the photos. He uncovers the secrets of the professionals by asking: What did the designer want to do? And how did the designer do it? Each room or style is accompanied by insider's tips where designers reveal their trade secrets. In each case, introductory text explores the homeowner's and designer's goals. The book also explores how they achieved those goals: a "key to the style" box explains the designer's approach with a few key concepts; and "What the Pros Know About" boxes explains how the designer went from ideas to reality. With 200 color photographs, "Decorate provides all the inspiration and expertise to help any home decorator find and achieve high style.	2005-11-01	Filipacchi Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781409100652	Dexter,An Omnibus	Jeff Lindsay		DARKLY DREAMING DEXTER: Dexter Morgan can't stand the sight of blood. Which makes his job as a blood spatter analyst for the Miami PD a little tricky. But it means that he's very tidy when it comes to his hobby: murder. After all, even though Dexter only ever kills bad people, he doesn't want to draw attention to it. But now there's another killer out there who's being a whole lot less subtleDEARLY DEVOTED DEXTER: Miami's best-dressed serial killer is getting twitchy - he hasn't killed for months. Ever since their paths first crossed, Sergeant Doakes hasn't let Dexter Morgan out of his sight. Then a body turns up, mutilated and barely alive. To trap the torturer, Doakes and Dexter will have to work together, if they can trust each other. It's a devil's pact and one of them will have to be the bait...DEXTER IN THE DARK: When Dexter is brought in to analyse a charred headless corpse, it seems he's dealing with a killer even more sinister than he is, and one with a personal interest in him. And with Dexter now having a wedding to plan and a family to protect, the stakes are high. As he realises his step-children might share his blood-lust, if he's ever to help them target it, Dexter will first have to stay alive himself.	2008-11-06	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780575085121	Fire	Kristin Cashore		A must-read title for all fans of Patrick Rothfuss and Trudi Canavan, FIREis an exceptional fantasy novel. From the deft characterisation to the gripping story, the fast-paced action to the evocative prose, this is one of the strongest fantasy novels of the year. Set in a world of stunningly beautiful, exceptionally dangerous monsters, Fire is one of the most dangerous monsters ofall - a human one. Marked out by her vivid red hair, she's more than attractive. Fire is mesmerising. But with this extraordinary beauty comes influence and power. People who are susceptible to her appeal will do anything for her attention, and for her affection. They will turn away from their families, their work, and their duties for her. They will forget their responsibilities to please her . . . and worse, crush nations, neglect kingdoms and abuse their power. Aware of her power, and afraid of it, Fire lives in a corner of the world away from people, and away from temptation. Until the day comes when she is needed - a day when, for her king, she has to stand against not only his enemies, but also against herself . . .	2009-09-17	Victor Gollancz Limited		English				FIC009000
9780340944998	Fire-eaters	David Almond		There he was, below the bridge, half-naked, eyes blazing. He had a pair of burning torches. He ran them back and forth across his skin. He sipped from a bottle, breathed across a torch, and fire and fumes leapt from his lips. The air was filled with the scent of paraffin. He breathed again, a great high spreading flag of fire. He glared. He roared like an animal. That summer, life had seemed perfect for Bobby Burns. But now it's autumn and the winds of change are blowing hard. Bobby's dad is mysteriously ill. His new school is a cold and cruel place. And worse: nuclear war may be about to start. But Bobby has a wonder-working friend called Ailsa Spink. And he's found the fire-eater, a devil called McNulty. What can they do together on Bobby's beach? Is it possible to work miracles? Will they be able to transform the world?	2008-06-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780751502961	Firefox down	Craig Thomas		The sequel to "Firefox". After a forced landing, the hijacked Firefox lies entombed in a frozen lake 20 miles from the Norwegian frontier. Its pilot, Mitchell Gant, is running for his life from the tracker dogs and helicopter patrols of the KGB border guard.	1995-05	Time Warner Paperbacks		English				ZZZ000000
9781841211466	Jack and the Beanstalk	Margaret Mayo		Jack wakes up to find that his five magic beans have grown into a gigantic beanstalk. He can't wait to find out what's at the top! And what about the beautiful princess, asleep for a hundred years? Will anyone be able to break the spell and wake Sleeping Beauty? A wonderful series of fairy tales, with clear, easy-to-read type and irresistibly colourful illustrations throughout. These straightforward retellings by Margaret Mayo are ideal as readalones and are perfect Key Stage 1 reading material.	2003-03-27	Orchard Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780349115801	Hearing birds fly,a nomadic year in Mongolia	Louisa Waugh		After two years of working in the capital of Mongolia, journalist Louisa Waugh moved to the remote village of Tsengel, in the extreme west of the country. This is the story of the year she spent there, living and working with the people who have made a home in the stark but beautiful landscape. The villagers and their culture vividly emerge as she shares her happiness, frustrations, and occasional extreme loneliness and fear.	2003	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780340944974	Heaven Eyes	David Almond		Erin, January and Mouse live in a children's home, Whitegates. They often dream of escape, and frequently journey into the outside world. Running away is something they know all about. But this time January builds a raft, and the three of them head precariously down river. Towards the Black Middens. This time they might never come back. When they stumble across a disused factory and its strange inhabitants - Grampa and Heaven Eyes - they wonder if they'll even have the choice. Heaven Eyes is the girl who should have drowned at sea. The mysterious girl desperately searching for her family, hoping that these three might be the family she has lost. She has a secret history only Grampa knows. And does he trust these three invaders enough to tell them? Erin feels a sisterly responsibility for Heaven Eyes, Mouse longs to belong anywhere and anyhow, but January thinks Grampa's a murderer. Whatever happens, all three have a part to play. . .	2007-11-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780747264323	Hemlock at vespers,a collection of Sister Fidelma mysteries	Peter Tremayne		Sister Fidelma originally made her debut as one of the decade's most interesting sleuths in short story form. The sharp-witted religieuse captured the hearts of many readers as she successfully tackled the most baffling of crimes in her other role as advocate of the law courts of Ireland, using the ancient Brehon Law system. HEMLOCK AT VESPERS is the first collection of these stories ever to be published. With its breathtaking range of settings and crimes, it is guaranteed to entertain and intrigue - and is an anthology that no lover of Celtic culture or historical crime should be without.	2000-11-02	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780755329465	Isabel's Bed	Elinor Lipman		Isabel is a glamorous blonde with a sensational past; Harriet is a bookish single would-be writer who never takes risks ndash; except once. That risk is to answer an advert; Isabel wants to tell her story and only a ghostwriter, constantly on-hand in her luxurious Cape Cod hideaway, will be able to do it for her. The job goes to Harriet, who quickly discovers that living with Isabel is a lesson ndash; in sex-appeal, in secrets and in seizing the moment ndash; she's needed all her life.	2006-06-05	Headline Book Publishing		English				FIC027000
9780747250999	Island	Richard Laymon		Rupert Conway's getaway cruise with seven others abruptly ends when their yacht explodes and all are stranded on an deserted island. Rupert and the other castaways soon discover that in the dense jungle a murderous maniac--with a clever mind and a taste for blood--is on the loose. He doesn't like his new neighbors and plans to slaughter them--one by one.	1996-02-22	Headline Feature		English				ZZZ000000
9782850186462	Living Rooms	Editors of Elle Decor		As the central room of the home where one can relax and linger, today's living room must be both convivial and comfortable. Living Rooms visually guides the reader on a tour of unique and innovative living rooms-from those of renowned interior designers to those of ordinary individuals-offering the reader the opportunity to discover how to express refinement and re-create various decorative styles with a myriad of design combinations. Whether striving for a sleek, modern look or preferring to stress old-style elegance, this book provides inspiration on how to arrange your living room to best express your taste and imagination.	2003-09-01	Filipacchi Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780340899649	Loads More Lies to Tell Small Kids	Andy Riley		The man who put the funny in "Bunny Suicides" returns with loads more laughs for the truly twisted. Illustrations.	2006-10-05	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780316067591	Lone survivor,the eyewitness account of Operation Redwing and the lost heroes of SEAL Team 10	Marcus Luttrell&Patrick Robinson		On a clear night in late June 2005, four U.S. Navy SEALs left their base in northern Afghanistan for the mountainous Pakistani border. Their mission was to capture or kill a notorious al Qaeda leader known to be ensconced in a Taliban stronghold surrounded by a small but heavily armed force. Less then twenty-four hours later, only one of those Navy SEALs remained alive. This is the story of fire team leader Marcus Luttrell, the sole survivor of Operation Redwing, and the desperate battle in the mountains that led, ultimately, to the largest loss of life in Navy SEAL history. But it is also, more than anything, the story of his teammates, who fought ferociously beside him until he was the last one left-blasted unconscious by a rocket grenade, blown over a cliff, but still armed and still breathing. Over the next four days, badly injured and presumed dead, Luttrell fought off six al Qaeda assassins who were sent to finish him, then crawled for seven miles through the mountains before he was taken in by a Pashtun tribe, who risked everything to protect him from the encircling Taliban killers. A six-foot-five-inch Texan, Leading Petty Officer Luttrell takes us, blow-by-blow, through the brutal training of America's warrior elite and the relentless rites of passage required by the Navy SEALs. He transports us to a monstrous battle fought in the desolate peaks of Afghanistan, where the beleaguered American team plummeted headlong a thousand feet down a mountain as they fought back through flying shale and rocks. In this rich , moving chronicle of courage, honor, and patriotism, Marcus Luttrell delivers one of the most powerful narratives ever written about modern warfare-and a tribute to his teammates, who made the ultimate sacrifice for their country.	2007-06-12	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780340286456	The lonesome road	Patricia Wentworth		There were times when Rachel Treherne fervently wished that her beloved father had left his fortune to somebody else, so overburdened did she feel with the administration of her estate. And never more so than now for, although she was surrounded by relatives who depended on her, whom she loved and who must surely love her, there was no doubt in her mind that somebody was trying to kill her.Threatening letters could be ignored, odd tasting chocolates can be rejected but when snakes are left in her bed, Rachel is convinced that someone means here terrible harm. Her only chance of a future life lay with Miss Silver, and Miss Silver was well on the way to unmasking the murderer when they struck again.	1988	Hodder and Stoughton		English				FIC022040
9780747255369	Maggie's Market	Dee Williams		Maggie Ross loves her life amongst the stallholders of Kelvin Market, where her husband Tony has a stall. But when Tony disappears into thin air, Maggie's world collapses. Struggling on her own, Maggie cannot tell who her friends are, like Inspector Matthews, to whom Maggie is increasingly drawn.	1997-09-11	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781584764809	Make a Match,A Preschool Sorting Game	Tish Rabe&Mary Anne Lloyd		To help young children learn color, shapes, and object recognition, this story and game combination features more than ten games to play, offering dozens of ways to match and sort. Includes a built-in sorting tray, 40 matching pieces, and ten matching cards. Full color. Consumable.	2006-07-01	Innovative Kids		English				ZZZ000000
9780340988831	My Summer on the Shelf	Lara Fox		After a stint as the school agony aunt, Anya's forthcoming summer as an intern at a London publishing house comes as a breath of fresh air. It'll take her mind off Al - her AWOL boyfriend - at least, and maybe she'll get tips on how to be a writer, too. But it's clear that Anya's role is senior dogsbody - and involves reading terrible stories, listening to her colleague's Katie's domestic woes, and taking on a nightmarish teenage author, who is about five years late delivering his next 'best selling novel'. It's not quite the gltiz and glamour Miss Understanding thought it would be, but it does have its plus points: Delicious Seth Hodges being one of them...Anya is torn between the swarve Seth, the notorious waste of time The Boy, her lost boyfriend Al, not to mention the intriguing teenage writer Casper...So many boys, so little time. Another fresh, original and witty journey through Miss Understanding's life...	2010-01-07	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780340822524	Mission Canyon	Meg Gardiner		Evan Delaney, novelist and legal go-fer, is dressed as Diana Ross in order to crash a fancy-dress party and serve a summons, when she hears that Franklin Brand is back in town. Brand is the hit-and-run driver who sentenced Evan's lover Jesse to life in a wheelchair, and killed his best friend. Since the accident, Brand has been avoiding justice overseas; but if he's back, Evan and Jesse are determined to get him, helped by the dead boy's brother Adam. Brand had been a high-flier in Mako Technologies, a cyber-security firm, and this is where Evan starts looking. She quickly uncovers evidence that Brand was embezzling funds, and that Adam's brother knew all about it. So maybe that hit-and-run wasn't an accident at all?Then the policeman investigating is killed, and Adam and Jesse both come under suspicion. The plot has more twists, thrills and spills than a white-knuckle ride, and is complicated by the confused emotions of the main parties involved: Jesse feels a survivor's guilt; Adam resents the fact that Jesse is alive while his brother died. But there are more corpses - including a near miss for Evan herself - to come before the bad guys are finally brought to book.	2004-04-12	Coronet		English				ZZZ000000
9780749923907	A Modern Girl's Guide to Dynamic Dating,How to Play and Win the Game of Love	Sarah Ivens		This fun self-help book tells the modern girl the truth about playing the dating game and winning at it. A Modern Girl's Guide to Dynamic Dating gives tips, guidance and case studies on how to find the right man and then how to keep him. Packed full of common dilemmas and disasters as well as advice and experience, this book is a must-have for every single woman. Topics covered include: Where to look to find love, How to attract the opposite sex, Spotting a winner, The first date, How to play it cool when you're on fire, Meeting his friends and family, Working out if it is love, and What to do with Mr Perfect when you've got him. A Modern Girl's Guide to Dynamic Dating is a must-have, light-hearted guide to finding the right man with the minimum of stress.	2003-01-23	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781843916062	On Tremendous Trifles	G. K. Chesterton		In a popular series of articles first published in 1909, G. K. Chesterton sought to celebrate the everyday objects and activities that are frequently taken for granted and yet which enrich life inestimably. These essays offer an uplifting tour of the preoccupations of one of the preeminent writers of his day and serve as a valuable insight into daily life in the early 20th century.	2010	Hesperus Press		English				LCO010000
9780758226877	Once Upon a Fastball	Bob Mitchell		When a cryptic poem left by his grandfather, who had vanished four years earlier, leads him to an old baseball, Harvard professor Seth Stein is taken back in time to the streets of 1950s New York and to the greatest baseball game ever played, where all of his questions are finally answered.	2008-05-01	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9781846166167	Swordfights and Slimeballs!	Sue Mongredien		Prince Jake usually loves being part of a royal family ndash; he gets helicopter rides, amazing holidays and the best sweets in the world! But sometimes it can be a right royal bore ndash; especially when he has to wear one of his itchy suits or be taught lessons by 'The Prune'. Fortunately, Jake's jokes always keep him entertained ndash; even when they get him into trouble too! Prince Jake ndash; Swordfighter Supreme! Jake is going to learn how to swordfight ndash; or so he thinks, until he realises he'll be using a bendy 'foil'. That's not half as fun! Then he hears about the King Samuel the Great, and his sword called Deathblade, hidden somewhere in the castle. Maybe Jake can find Deathblade and prove he's a true swordsman after all...	2008-07-03	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781865087986	Problem periods,natural & medical solutions	Kaz Cooke&Ruth Trickey		Problem Periods: Natural & Medical Solutions covers a wide range of menstrual topics, offering explanation and treatment.	2003	Allen & Unwin		English				ZZZ000000
9781844036455	Property Ladder,Design for Profit	Sarah Beeny		Property Ladder: Designed For Profit coincides with a brand new series of Property Ladder on Channel 4. Amid a highly competitive market, home-owners and property developers are looking for new ways to make the most of their investment. Whether the need is to release your property's potential in a cooling market, or you are renovating in order to let out or sell-on your home; if you have a growing family and changing needs from your home, this book is a must-have. Perfect for anyone with an eye for design who is simply sprucing up or designing from scratch, this takes you through the essential design dos and don'ts. Sarah has a wealth of tricks up her sleeve, from maximising awkward spaces to identifying key themes to apply to decor. In Property Ladder:Designed For Profit she pulls out all the stops in D.I.Y. and design, to prove a little bit of creativity goes a long way. Property Ladder includes all the design tools you need to design your home. From colour schemes and furniture to storage solutions, aspect amd furniture. Packed full of case studies from a wide range of real-life projects, it reveals success stories along with examples of bad design and development failures and everything you should and shouldn't do.	2009-06-01	Cassell Illustrated		English				ZZZ000000
9780752817378	Prophecy	Peter James		Non Omnis MoriarI shall not altogether dieA young boy watches his mother die. A sadistic man dies in agony. Drunk students play with a Ouija board in a damp cellar. Can bricks and mortar retain imprints of the emotions experienced within them?Frannie is delighted when a chance meeting with a handsome man and his son leads to a romance. The fact that the relationship is marred by gruesome tragedies, she dismisses as an unsettling coincidence. But eventually she can no longer ignore the fact that she is the only thing linking these horrible events. Is it a murderous practical joke?Or worse ... ?	1999	Orion		English				FIC000000
9780755307432	Protection	Claire Allen		An intense, suspenseful and surprising story of three damaged characters, and of a mother's touching struggle to hold on to her child. 'There's nowhere you can go?' Marina is homeless, and struggling to keep her toddler son, Oscar, out of care. Liam has received a letter from the father he has not seen for twenty years the father who is in prison for his mother's murder. Hannah is an elderly widow running a B&B peopled by memories rather than guests. Swallowed up again by the pain of his childhood, Liam flees to the coast but finds the hardest of welcomes there. Marina steals a dealer's stash of money and takes a train to the remotest spot she can find, where she quickly encounters Hannah. Hannah can see that Marina is trouble, but loses her heart to Oscar, and cannot resist taking them in. So three lives unexpectedly intersect. But will they find a way through their fears and suspicions to help each other?	2007-05-24	Headline Book Publishing		English				FIC000000
9780446406895	Simple Wishes	Lisa Dale		GOING HOME IS THE LONGEST JOURNEY OF ALL... Adele Matin couldn't wait to put her lonely childhood and hometown behind her. Amid the bright lights and hustle and bustle of New York, she built a life for herself--until one terrible mistake brought it crashing down. Now Adele is running again, this time to a cottage she inherited from her mother in rural Pennsylvania. And she's about to realize that a small town has more to offer than she ever dreamed. An artist and woodworker, Jay Westvelt knows a thing or two about living in the country. Adele is intrigued by her mysterious and sexy green-eyed neighbor, a man who took care of her house and soon cares deeply for her. But even as Adele's heart begins to soften toward him, secrets from her mother's past threaten to send her fleeing back to the city. Can Jay convince her to stay with him? Only if she can learn an important truth: that happiness begins with SIMPLE WISHES.	2009-01-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780749936884	Simply Unforgettable	Mary Balogh		Balogh's protagonists are complex and charismatic - the kind of people you hope to be sitting next to at a party. With its impeccable plotting and memorable characters, Balogh's book raises the bar for Regency romances. PUBLISHERS WEEKLY a powerful love story with the special touch only Mary Balogh can bring. JO BEVERLY	2006-08-03	Piatkus Books		English				FIC027070
9781408302743	Sir Laughalot	Tony Mitton&Sarah Warburton		Sir Laughalot is a very brave knight. He needs to find some foes to fight. He has his shield. He has his sword. But Laughalot is feeling bored. What can he do? Where can he go? Let's find Sir Laughalot a foe... Sir Laughalot is a knight who isn't afraid of a challenge. He's quite prepared to go out into the world to face any fearsome opponent. However, Sir Laughalot has a very different, yet effective way of dealing with his foes, and one that isn't strictly in keeping with his 'tough knight in armour' look... A hugely exciting, hilarious tale of a brave knight, an enormous dragon and a damsel in distress makes this an absolute gem of a picture book. The thread of fun running throughout Sir Laughalot is incredibly infectious - reading this story will make you feel instantly more cheery.	2010-07-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				JUV000000
9780340933084	Skin and Bone	Kathryn Fox		The corpse of a young woman is found bludgeoned, frozen and burnt to death. Then the post-mortem reveals that she recently gave birth. And evidence suggests the baby may still be alive. Detective Kate Farrer must find the missing newborn if it's going to have any chance of surviving. And catch the dead woman's murderer before her own personal demons overwhelm her...	2008-02-21	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9781409102670	The Best Day of Someone Else's Life	Kerry Reichs		Vi Connelly got the wedding bug at just six years of age. The thrill, the attention, the big white dress - it's the Best Day of Your Life, and it's seriously addictive! Unless, of course, it's always the best day of someone else's life. Now in her late twenties, Vi finds herself a bridesmaid time and again. She's honoured to perform her wedding duties, but watching everyone else's big day begins to make Vi wonder about her own.After years of dating, Vi's got an arsenal of funny stories to tell her friends, but deep down, her heart's still stuck on her ex - the gorgeous, eternally unobtainable Caleb. Then she meets someone new, someone who could turn out to be more than just another dating war-story. But just as love finally seems to be within reach, matters take an unexpected turn. To top things off, Vi is about to embark on the mother of all wedding seasons - her mission, should she choose to accept it, is to attend eleven weddings in eighteen months, and survive with her sanity, and her relationships, intact.	2009	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9781409100447	Great British Feast,Over 100 Delicious Recipes from a Great British Chef	Marco Pierre White		From Venison Pie, made from deer shot by Marco himself, through to Croustade of Quails Egg Maintenon; from Yew Tree Fish and Chips to Souffle of Raspberries, the food at Marco Pierre White's Berkshire pub, the Yew Tree, blends traditional pub fare with the very best of modern English cooking. The approach that has been so successful there inspires this wonderful book.In this fascinating but accessible book from one of the world's greatest chefs, Marco Pierre White shows how to find and catch the best food, from mushrooms to salmon, and then what to do with those ingredients to make truly stunning food without spending hours preparing it. Throughout, there are inspirational tips on how to get the best results, beautiful photographs of the recipes and a real insight into the natural goodness of food brought in from the wild. Accompanying the series on ITV, this is sure to be one of the most popular cookery books of the year.	2008-08-05	Orion Books (including Asterix		English				ZZZ000000
9780752893648	The Best of Matt 2008	Matthew Pritchett		'Every day a witty, sharp gem of social comment ... his brilliant work is the yardstick by which the rest are judged' Terry WoganMatt started drawing his much-loved cartoons for the Daily Telegraph in 1988. Now, in addition to the best of 2008, multi-award-winning cartoonist, Matt has taken a look back over the last twenty years and chosen his favourites.His cartoons are on the front page of the Daily Telegraph and three slots on Sundays, giving his own take on the world we live in. From the often-absurd world of politics, to sport, the beleaguered heath service and seemingly endless transport traumas, Matt takes a unique and brilliantly entertaining look at life, giving it a brighter, funnier twist.'That rare thing: a daily cartoonist who never fails' The Times.	2008-10-02	Orion Books Limited		English				HUM001000
9781840915051	The Bibendum Cookbook	Terence Conran&Simon Hopkinson&Matthew Harris&Lisa Linder		Housed in the historic Michelin building, Bibendum restaurant has been an iconic part of the London restaurant scene for 25 years. Celebrated head chef Simon Hopkinson takes the ethos of Bibendum cookingfine seasonal ingredients prepared simplyand brings it to the home with this unique volume. More than simply a classic cookbook, these 40 superb recipes are a gastronomic testament to an iconic landmark. Try the spiced artichoke salad, Piedmontese peppers, roast mallard with spiced quince compote, or even the infamous Sussex pond pudding. This is stripped-down, stylish food at its best: easy to prepare, generous in flavor, and great to share with others. With stunning color photography throughout, this is a culinary journey worth savoring.	2008-11-04	Conran		English				ZZZ000000
9780340934111	The Long-Player Goodbye,The Album from Vinyl to IPod and Back Again	Travis Elborough		"For nearly sixty years, since the arrival of the long-playing record in 1948, the album has provided the soundtrack of our lives. Self-confessed music obsessive, Travis Elborough, explores the way in which particular albums are deeply embedded in cultural history, revered as works of art or so ubiquitous as to be almost invisible. Musical movements have come and gone but the album has been constant, from the challenges of free jazz to the aural wallpaper of easy listening via the omnipresence of The Beatles, the absurdities of prog and the supposed iconoclasm of punk." "But these days, the format that survived the invention of the cassette, the Walkman and the CD is an endangered species. In the age of the iPod when we can download an infinite number of single tracks and need never listen to a whole album ever again, does the concept of the album still mean anything? This book is a brilliant piece of popular history, an idiosyncratic tribute to a much-loved part of our shared consciousness and a celebration of the joy of records."--BOOK JACKET.	2009-08-01	Sceptre		English				BIO004000
9780755325504	The lost art of keeping secrets	Eva Rice		Rice, daughter of the famed lyricist Tim Rice, has written a captivating and wonderfully stylized novel about a group of friends in postwar London's glamorous and daring young society.	2005	Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780755328727	The Loveday Loyalty	Kate Tremayne		Scandal, drama, sexual obsession, dissent, rivalry ndash; these potent ingredients make for an engrossing and passionate tale set against the dramatic scenery of Cornwall, the turbulent criminal underworld of London and the climactic events of the French revolution. In this seventh novel in the series, life with the Lovedays is not confined to England and France. America has won its independence but the Lovedays have connections in Virginia and the new penal colony in Australia has become the residence of one Loveday who took a chance too many. Loyalty to and pride in the Loveday name has held the family together through unstable times, but with the fierce rivalry that exists between family members, will loyalty be enough to honour the family's heritage?	2006-09-07	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780755324194	The Loveday Pride	Kate Tremayne		Pride, the curse of the Loveday family, may also be its salvation. While Adam Loveday struggles to maintain the family shipyard and to develop his new lands at Boscabel, his twin, St John, bears a bitter grudge against him for having won the yard he considers his birthright. Then Desiree Richmond arrives unexpectedly from Virginia, and Adam is appalled to learn that she believes herself engaged to St John though his brother's wife is still living. In London, young Tamasine tries to keep faith with Rupert Carlton, who, seems oddly elusive. And on a convict ship bound for Botany Bay, the family's blackest sheep is battling to survive. Yet both Tamasine and Japhet, the former highwayman, are fiercely proud of the Loveday name and resolved to honour their heritage.	2005-12-08	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9781841210681	There's a house inside my mummy	Giles Andreae		A young boy eagerly awaits the birth of his brother or sister, while imagining that the baby is in a house inside his mother.	2002-03-28	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9780758216595	Things I learned about my dad in therapy,essays	Heather B. Armstrong		This collection of hilarious stories by some of the brightest and most outrageous bloggers celebrates the joys (and otherwise) of fatherhood.	2008	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780749936044	Thirty bytes of solitude	Lawrence Robinson		A British journalist hopelessly adrift in California is assigned by his editor to spend a month living on the Internet, hunting for the American Dream and reporting back in a daily column. Cut off from the outside world for thirty days, he journeys through the depths of cyberspace in search of meaning. Instead, he finds a weirdness and depravity that strangely mirrors his own wild ride from London to Los Angeles. In hot pursuit of an irresistible, if somewhat psychotic ex-girlfriend, he had travelled across the globe, conveniently ignoring the fact that she was engaged to someone else. As their relationship sours, he neglects a couple of things, like work permits and green cards. Suddenly, his dreams of movies, perfect bodies and endless sunshine are quickly replaced with the grim realities of being strip-searched at the County Jail. This is the LA they don't tell you about in guidebooks...	2005-09-08	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9781408302439	Werewolf Wail	Shoo Rayner		Mission Alert! There's a full moon in the Forest tonight! Connor's on standby to deal with any monster madness. He's not going to get much sleep...	2010-03-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780755347094	West Coast	Kate Muir		Een jongeman, die is opgegroeid in een vissersplaatsje aan de westkust van Schotland, weet zijn horizon te verbreden en wordt een wereldberoemd fotograaf in Londen.	2008-09-04	Headline Review		English				ZZZ000000
9781841493763	Western Shore	Juliet E. McKenna		Warlord Daish Kheda has been building political alliances, working to consolidate power over his new realm. Although he has saved his people from the twin evils of wizardry and dragons, he feels tainted by association with forbidden magic and fears he may bring great ill-fortune to his people.So Kheda resolves to once more join his Northern wizard allies in the hope of removing the dragon threat once and for all, and to seek whatever purification he can find. Only time can tell whether he will be condemned for his actions, or whether magic is less a sin than he was brought up to believe . . . He tells his son in secret that he may not return, and sets his face to the future.	2005-09-27	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9780749927677	What French Women Know,About Love, Sex and Other Matters of Heart and Mind	Debra Ollivier		Have you ever wondered how French women seem to live life on their own terms? How they balance love, sex, work and children with a grace and pragmatism that allows them to be sexy, forthright and in control of their futures no matter what age they are? What French Women Know About Love and Sex is an antidote to the strident love dogma of our times, going beyond the French woman's reputation as a sex goddess and looking at the guiding principles that play out in her world. Saucy and smart, What French Women Know About Love and Sex will peel back the layers on the land of oo-la-la, debunking long-standing myths about French women and ourselves, all the while letting us in on the ways French women have learned to take life as they want to live it. Chapters include: - -Sexing the French: A Short Look at a Long History of Love -When Sexy is a State of Mind: On Being Fully Loaded for Love -When Passion Comes in Shades of Gray: On Discretion and Confession -Dating, Mating and Other Occupational Hazards -When Love Sets Sail: On Marriage, Motherhood and Love at High Sea -When Love Grows Up: On Growing Older and Growing Your (Secret) Garden	2009-09-03	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340682388	What I loved	Siri Hustvedt		This is the story of two men who first become friends in 1970s New York, of the women in their lives, and of their sons, born the same year. Both Leo Hertzberg, an art historian, and Bill Weschler, a painter, are cultured, decent men, but neither is equipped to deal with what happens to their children Leo's son drowns when he's 12, while Bill's son Mark grows up to be a delinquent, and the acolyte of a sinister, guru-like artist who spawns murder in his wake. Spanning the hedonism of the eighties and the chill-out nineties, this multi-layered novel combines a plot of mounting menace with a deeply moving account of familial relationships and a superbly observed portrait of an artist, set against the backdrop of a society reaching new depths of depravity in its frenetic quest for the next fashion, drug and thrill.	2003	Sceptre		English				ZZZ000000
9780446618595	A Black Tie Affair	Sherrill Bodine		SUITED FOR SEDUCTIONFashion curator Athena Smith will do anything to get her perfectly manicured hands on the Clayworth family's celebrated couture collection for her exhibit. So when she's called in to make sure the gowns are the real deal, she's ecstatic...until a dress she's examining turns out to be loaded with toxins (talk about killer threads!) and Athena faints, only to wake up face-to-face with the One That Got Away, notorious Chicago bachelor Drew Clayworth.Drew still believes Athena betrayed him all those years ago, and he's sure he can't trust her. But when the priceless gowns go missing, she offers to help track them down. Reluctantly allied in the quest, Drew and Athena are soon stunned by the barely restrained passion still sizzling between them...and memories both bitter and sweet. Is their new partnership just a business arrangement? Or is this something more than...A BLACK TIE AFFAIR	2010-01-04	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781420112221	A Capital Holiday	Janet Dailey		Life in the White House means never having a moment to yourself. As the President's daughter and official hostess, Jocelyn Wakefield longs to escape the media circus that surrounds her every move for just one day. Impossible? Not with a wig, some very different clothes, a secret tunnel, and a grandmother with a butler, both of whom are willing accomplices. But being anonymous in Washington, D.C. at Christmas time may turn out to be an impossible dream after all when she collides with political columnist Grady Tucker -- a man who could publish her exploits in papers nationwide. But Jocelyn is about to discover that Grady is more than just a journalist looking for a story -- and that the magic of love can never be disguised.	2009-10-06	Kensington Pub Corp		English				ZZZ000000
9780758221926	A Catered Halloween	Isis Crawford		Hired to cater a charity haunted house at the old Peabody School, sisters Bernadette and Libby Simmons find murder on the menu when the death of wealthy socialite Amethyst Applegate could hold the key to solving the decades-old "accidental" death of a young girl.	2008-08-26	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780747267416	Child of Jarrow	Janet MacLeod Trotter		To escape her possessive and drunken step-father, Kate Fawcett is sent away from Tyneside and finds work at Ravensworth Castle. She soon attracts the attention of charming Alexander Pringle Davies and allows herself to be seduced, but Alexander is forced abroad by his father and into an unwanted betrothal. Discovering she is carrying Alexander's child, Kate goes home to face the wrath of her step-father and the censure of their neighbours and resigns herself to a lonely life of drudgery. But it is her daughter Catherine who gives her life meaning and keeps Kate from giving up.	2003-05-06	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780821228937	A world of butterflies	Brian Cassie&Kjell Bloch Sandved&Robert Michael Pyle		A small-format gift book offers stunning full-page photographs of two hundred butterflies from around the world, accompanied by informative essays on butterfly migration, watching and collecting butterflies, butterflies and the environment, and butterfly gardening. 30,000 first printing.	2004-05-05	Bulfinch		English				ZZZ000000
9781599830513	A Worthy Love	Rena A. Finney		After being abandoned by her first love, Asia attends a family reunion aboard a cruise ship, believing that this is just what she needs to mend her broken heart and move on. When he boarded the ship, Raymond never imagined he would run into Asia again. Back then, there were many women in his life - but he always thought that Asia deserved better. Now that he's finished playing, Raymond is ready to make his move. Convincing Asia that they belong together, however, turns out to be harder than Raymond thought. Will he ever be able to prove to a broken-hearted woman that he is worthy of her love?	2009-11	Urban Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780753816813	A.A. Gill is away	A. A. Gill		A. A. Gill is probably the most read columnist in Britain. Every weekend he entertains readers of the SUNDAY TIMES with his biting observations on television and his unsparing, deeply knowledgeable restaurant reviews. Even those who want to hate him agree: A. A. Gill is hopelessly, painfully funny. He is one of a tiny band of must-read journalists and it is always a disappointment when the words 'A.A. Gill is Away' appear at the foot of his column. This book is the fruit of those absences: 22 long travel pieces that belie his reputation as a mere style journalist and master of vitriol: this is travel writing of the highest quality and ambition.	2003-03-06	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780758211941	Antiques Maul	Barbara Allan		After a body is found at the antiques mall, and Brandy's 10-year-old son disappears, Brandy and her diva mom are on the hunt to find the boy before a devious killer can maul again. Includes tips on antiques.	2008-08-26	Kensington Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781845333003	Miller's antiques price guide 2008	Jonty Hearnden&Elizabeth Norfolk		Miller's Antiques Price Guide 2008 is the definitive antiques price guide with a brand-new makeover. Whether you are buying or selling, with nearly 8,000 colour items sourced new each year from the antiques trade - this is the one book no collector can afford to be without. As well as traditional antiques such as furniture, pottery, porcelain, glass, and silver, the latest trends are covered in expanded decorative arts and 20th century sections. Special features give an in-depth look at Faberg, Picasso Pottery, Black Forest Furniture, Chandeliers, and Pin Cushions. For 29 years Miller's Antiques Price Guide has been the benchmark for authority and accessibility as the most comprehensive illustrated guide to antiques from all over the world. New features include 'Experts Eye' which shows detailed views of antiques and 'Essential Reference' where the experts share their in-dept knowledge about antiques backed up with illustrations.	2007-07-15	Mitchell Beazley		English				ZZZ000000
9781845334970	Antony Makes it Easy	Antony Worrall Thompson		All of the 120 dishes in Antony Makes it Easy are simple to make. Some can be russled up in a flash, while others can be quickly prepared and left to cook in the oven for hours. From speedy dishes, such as Parmesan-crusted chicken with a white bean stew, to hearty mains such as Rustic roast lamb, that can be quickly prepared and slowly cooked, Antony Makes it Easy is the perfect companion to the way we live today.	2010-03-01	Octopus Publishing Group		English				HOM000000
9780752881898	Anyone Can Do It	Duncan Bannatyne		At 30, Duncan Bannatyne had no money and was enjoying life on the beaches of Jersey. He saw a story of someone who had made himself a millionaire, and decided to do the same. Five years later he had done it, and now he is worth 168 million.In this remarkable book, Bannatyne relives his colourful path to riches, from ice cream salesman to multi-millionaire, explaining how anyone could take the same route as he did - if they really want to.Hugely articulate, and with numerous fascinating and revealing stories to tell, this is an autobiography and a business book unlike any other - but then Bannatyne isn't like any other businessman, either.	2007	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9781585712878	Anything But Love	Celya Bowers		Dr. Kendall Matthews channels all of her energy into her job, and she wants nothing to do with love. Her world is soon turned upside-down when she's reunited with her childhood crush in the emergency room. Original.	2009-02-24	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780753821657	The battle for Spain,the Spanish Civil War 1936-1939	Antony Beevor		The civil war that tore Spain apart between 1936 and 1939 and attracted liberals and socialists from across the world to support the cause against Franco was one of the most hard-fought and bitterest conflicts of the 20th century: a war of atrocities and political genocide and a military testing ground before WWII for the Russians, Italians and Germans, whose Condor Legion so notoriously destroyed Guernica.Antony Beevor's account narrates the origins of the Civil War and its violent and dramatic course from the coup d'etat in July 1936 through the savage fighting of the next three years which ended in catastrophic defeat for the Republicans in 1939. And he succeeds especially well in unravelling the complex political and regional forces that played such an important part in the origins and history of the war.	2007-06-07	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780752882345	Battles at Thrush Green	Miss Read		Children's voices ring out from the school playground; in the distance there is the gentle hum of a lawnmower; and all around the village birdsong can be heard. But despite all evidence to the contrary, in the village of Thrush Green, feelings are running high...The rector has a plan for the neglected churchyard which doesn't meet with universal approval; there is a clash of personalities at the local school; and someone has returned to the village after an absence of fifty years.Before long, the tranquillity of the Cotswold village is shattered.	2008-02-21	Orion		English				FIC000000
9780753827314	Be Cool	Elmore Leonard		The sequel to Chili Palmer's hit movie tanked and now Chili's itching for a comeback. So when a power lunch with record-label executive and former associate Tommy Athens ends in a mob hit, he soon finds himself in an unlikely alliance with organized-crime detective Darryl Holmes and the likely next target of Russian gangsters. But where others see danger, Chili Palmer sees story possibilities.Enter Linda Moon, a singer with aspirations that go further than her current gig in a Spice Girls cover band. Chili takes over as Linda's manager, entering the world of rock stars, pop divas, and hip-hop gangstas. As he wings his way to success in the music business with his trademark cool, Chili manipulates his adversaries and advances his friends, all the while basing the plot of his new film on the action that results.	2010-02-18	Orion Publishing Group, Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9781846164873	Epos the Flame Bird	Adam Blade		An evil wizard is using Avantia's magical beasts to destroy the land. Epos the Flame Bird is said to be the most terrifying of the beasts - can Tom free her from her enchantment and save Avantia? Don't miss FERNO THE FIRE DRAGON, SEPRON THE SEA SERPENT, ARCTA THE MOUNTAIN GIANT, NANOOK THE SNOW MONSTER, TAGUS THE HORSE-MAN	2007-07-05	Orchard Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780755329892	Blue Water	Manette Ansay		When the thing you love most is taken from you, how do you move on? When Megan and Rex Van Dorn sail into Houndfish Cay, they look to all the world like a couple who have left the cares of the shore behind them to live their dream. But when people ask, 'Do you have children?', Megan doesn't know how to answer. For Megan and Rex took to the water following the death of their only child, Evan, in a road accident - killed by Cindy Ann Kreisler, who, back when they were teenagers, had been Megan's best friend. Impassioned, intense and insightful, BLUE WATER is a story of the desire for revenge, the impact of tragedy upon a marriage, and of Megan's coming to terms with the ties she shares with the woman who has wounded her so badly.	2006-01-01	Headline		English				FIC025000
9780786019540	Body Parts	Caitlin Rother		Based on previously sealed testimony and interviews, this disturbing true account paints a horrifiying portrait of Wayne Adam Ford, a twisted man who, unable to control his perverse sexual appetites, brutally tortured, mutilated, and murdered four women. Original.	2009-02-24	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780446698757	Boink,College Sex by the People Having It	Christopher Andersen&Alecia Oleyourryk&Vanessa White		BOINK is what happens when a group of undergrads from Boston University decide to publish a sex magazine. Now comes their explosive book, the definitive college guide to carnal knowledge. Openly exploring sexual themes that are relevant to all men and women, these 4-color, beautifully designed pages are filled with never-before-published true stories, prescriptive advice, graphic confessions, and no-holds-barred nude pictures of real university students (not the fake "college co-eds" all over the internet). With student contributors from named major universities, BOINK vividly details what goes on under the dorm room sheets across the country.	2008-02-11	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781844085439	The bolter,Idina Sackville - the woman who scandalised 1920s society and became White Mischief's infamous seductress	Frances Osborne		On Friday 25th May, 1934, a forty-one-year-old woman walked into the lobby of Claridge's Hotel to meet the nineteen-year-old son whose face she did not know. Fifteen years earlier, as the First World War ended, Idina Sackville shocked high society by leaving his multimillionaire father to run off to Africa with a near penniless man. An inspiration for Nancy Mitford's character The Bolter, painted by William Orpen, and photographed by Cecil Beaton, Sackville went on to divorce a total of five times, yet died with a picture of her first love by her bed. Her struggle to reinvent her life with each new marriage left one husband murdered and branded her the 'high priestess' of White Mischief's bed-hopping Happy Valley in Kenya. Sackville's life was so scandalous that it was kept a secret from her great-granddaughter Frances Osborne. Now, Osborne tells the moving tale of betrayal and heartbreak behind Sackville's road to scandal and return, painting a dazzling portrait of high society in the early twentieth century.	2008-05-01	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780340794999	Carter Beats the Devil	Glen David Gold		Charles Carter, dubbed Carter the Great by Houdini himself, was born into privilege but became a magician out of need: only when dazzling an audience can he defeat his fear of loneliness. But in 1920s America the stakes are growing higher, as technology and the cinema challenge the allure of magic and Carter's stunts become increasingly audacious. Until the night President Harding takes part in Carter's act only to die two hours later, and Carter finds himself pursued not only by the Secret Service but by a host of others desperate for the terrible secret they believe Harding confided in him. Seamlessly blending reality and fiction, Gold lays before us a glittering and romantic panorama of our modern world at a point of irrevocable change.	2002-05-16	Sceptre		English				ZZZ000000
9780316997669	Cartographia,mapping civilizations	Vincent Virga&Library of Congress		CARTOGRAPHIA offers a stunning array of 200 of the most beautiful, important, and fascinating maps in existence, from the world's largest cartographic collection, at the Library of Congress. These maps show how our idea of the world has shifted and grown over time, and each map tells its own unique story about nations, politics, and ambitions. The chosen images, with their accompanying stories, introduce the reader to an exciting new way of "reading" maps as travelogues---living history from the earliest of man's imaginings about planet earth to our current attempts at charting cyberspace. Among the rare gems included in the book are the Waldseemuller Map of the World from 1507, the first to include the designation "America"; pages from the Ortelius's Theatrum Orbis Terrarum of 1570, considered the first modern atlas; rare maps from Africa, Asia, and Oceania that challenge traditional Western perspectives; William Faulkner's hand-drawn 1936 map of the fictional Yoknapatawpha County, Mississippi; and even a map of the Human Genome. In an oversized format, with gorgeous four-color reproductions throughout, Catrographia will appeal to collectors, historians, and anyone looking for a perfect gift.	2007	Little, Brown and Company		English				ZZZ000000
9780600613657	Casino games	Anna Southgate&Peter Arnold		Be ready for the gaming tables before you set foot in the door with this ultimate guide. Increase your chances of winning with expert advice on the strategy and mathematics of each game, as well as tips on bluffing and reading the opposition. The rules of Poker, Roulette, Baccarat, Craps, and Blackjack are explained in jargon-free terms and thoroughly illustrated. Includes variations of the games and a special section on on-line casinos.	2006-05-15	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780304362257	Cassell's dictionary of word and phrase origins	Nigel Rees		Have any idea where the word "nerd" came from, or "twerp"? This dictionary starts where ordinary references beg off. Discover that bad hair day was originated by California teenagers in the early 1990s. Learn that bikini comes from the name of a Pacific island used in the 1940s for atomic bomb tests. Learn why a flight data recorder is called a black box--even though it's orange.	2002-05-28	Cassell		English				ZZZ000000
9781841497136	Changes	Jim Butcher		I answered the phone, no big deal, until I heard the message: 'They've taken our daughter.' Harry Dresden, professional wizard, has never faced anything like this. Arianna Ortega, Red Court vampire, blames Harry for her husband's death - and she's out for revenge. So her discovery that Susan Rodriguez had borne Harry a daughter was an unexpected gift. Arianna's next step was to kidnap the girl and she plans to use her blood in a violent ritual sacrifice designed to kill Harry, Susan and their daughter.With the White Council of Wizards and the Red Court in a state of detente, Harry finds himself alone except for a handful of allies - resources utterly inadequate to challenging the Red King and his entire vampire Court. With the life of his child at stake, Susan's humanity hanging in precarious balance and with his own death looming, Dresden must find a new source of strength. In the past, there had always been a line Harry wouldn't cross, and though dark powers have tempted h time and again, he never gave in. But then, only his own life was at stake.	2010-04-01	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				FIC009000
9780752884226	Changes at Fairacre	Miss Read		Over the years, Fairacre has seen many changes, some for the better, some less so. But the declining number of children at the village school has again threatened it with closure, and for Miss Read this means maybe losing her livelihood and her home. And as she loses a dear friend, it is with heavy heart that Miss Read inherits the cottage of Miss Clare. Some things, however, never change: Miss Read's stout housekeeper, Mrs Pringle, continues her tirades; the harvest fair and fete remain cherished events; Amy has a problem with a most unwelcome guest; and a snowstorm and hurricane hit the village.	2010-01-01	Orion Books Limited		English				FIC000000
9780749918927	Channelling,what it is and how to do it	Lita De Alberdi		Lita de Alberdi is a gifted spiritual teacher who has taught hundreds of people to channel their guides. In this accessible and practical book, she explains how you too can learn to contact and channel your own spiritual guide. Full of easy-to-follow meditations and exercises based on her successful courses, Channelling will enable you to: Shift your awareness to an expanded state of consciousness Work with guides and angels Use psychic protection effectively Channel to receive help with health and past-life issues Conduct channelled readings for others Understand the changes happening on Earth today Enhance your confidence and creativity. Throughout the book, Lita de Alberdi includes channelled material from her own guides and answers the many questions that people ask. If you want to learn to channel successfully and safely, this is the book for you.	1998-10-29	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780749927165	The chaos point,the world at the crossroads	Ervin Laszlo		We have a choice: Breakdown or Breakthrough Revered author and systems theorist Ervin Laszlo provides a concise yet encompassing overview of the present world situation, showing where we are, and how we got here. Where we are, Laszl	2006-06-08	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9781408300084	I Am Not Sleepy and I Will Not Go to Bed	Lauren Child		Charlie has this little sister, Lola. Sometimes he has to try and get her to go to bed. This is a hard job because Lola likes to stay up late . . . This irresistibly tactile pop-up book is a must have for Charlie and Lola enthusiasts everywhere!	2008-10-01	ORCHARD BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9781846168840	I am not sleepy and I will not go to bed,featuring Charlie and Lola	Lauren Child		Charlie's little sister Lola likes to stay up late, 'I am not sleepy and I will not go to bed.' she says. Charlie tries everything to get Lola to go to bed - from making tigers pink milk to shooing whales down plugholes...Will Lola ever be sleepy and want to go to bed? A very funny follow-up to I Will Not Ever Never Eat a Tomato (featuring Charlie and Lola):	2007-10-18	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781444000078	Charmseekers 1and 2	Amy Tree		Thirteen precious and magical silver charms have been lost in the kingdom of Karisma. But Sesame Brown will track them down and YOU can be a Charmseeker too!In THE QUEEN'S BRACELET, join Sesame in her first adventure as she explores the enchanting world of Karisma, meets the friendly tunganoras, Fig and Hob, gets lost in the Queen's palace gardens, and comes face to face with the ghastly gribblers. The race is on to find the charms, and Sesame is determined to win!In THE SILVER POOL, Sesame has the heart charm safe, but there are still twelve missing charms to be found and returned to Queen Charm. In a new adventure, Sesame and her best friend, Maddy, must outwit the evil sorcerer Zorgan and his wicked pixie puppets, Nix and Dina.	2008-12-26	Orion Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780460878708	Geoffrey Chaucer Three Tales About Marriage	Geoffrey Chaucer&Malcolm Andrew		Three tales about marriage, its joys and sorrows, from "The canterbury Tales" by England's first great poet, told by the Wife of Bath, the Merchant and the Clerk.	1998-10-10	Everyman		English				ZZZ000000
9780749951115	Child of Tibet,The Story of Soname's Flight to Freedom	Soname Yangchen&Vicki Mackenzie		>This book tells the remarkable story of Soname's triumph over adversity, told against the backdrop of a turbulent and dangerous Tibet.>Soname was born in the harsh Tibetan countryside during the Chinese occupation. of noble descent, she had to endure a childhood in servitude in Lhasa, separated from her family and the world she loved. When she was just sixteen Soname risked death in a freedom trek across the Himalayas, finally arriving in Dharamsala, home in exile of the Dalai Lama. Even after managing to escape from Tibet, she faced further dangers and heartache in India, being forced by destitution to give her daughter away. Soname later managed to reach England, where she met and married an Englishman and came to live in Brighton. Her hidden talent was discovered when she sang a traditional Tibetan song at a wedding reception, unaware that a member of a famous band was a guest. Concerts followed. Tracing her long-lost daughter has long been Soname's preoccupation, and it is hoped that her daughter will finally join her in England later this year. Soname is a striking, funny and unsentimental woman. Hers is a story of immense will, unbelievable courage and, above all, an indomitable soaring free spirit.	2006-06-22	Portrait		English				ZZZ000000
9780751539684	The Chocolate Run	Dorothy Koomson		Amber Salpone thinks in chocolate -talk to her for three minutes and she'll tell you whatkind of chocolate you'd be. In fact, most days, if shewas asked to choose between chocolate and relationships,there'd be no contest. At least chocolate has never lether down. Unlike her family. Growing up in the Salponehousehold has taught Amber to avoid conflict - and love -at all costs. So, when she does the unthinkable and has aone-night stand with womaniser Greg Walterson, heruncomplicated, chocolate-flavoured life goes intomeltdown. Especially when Greg announces she's the loveof his life - and Amber finds it hard enough to decide ifshe wants plain or Fruit & Nut . . .Meanwhile, her best friend, Jen, seems to be launching abid to become Bitch Of The Year and Amberrs"sfamily are making unreasonable demands. Amber has twochoices: to deal with her past and the people around her,or to go on a chocolate run and keep on running . ..	2008-01-01	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9781847440914	The Choice	Nicholas Sparks		Set amid the austere beauty of the North Carolina coast, Nicholas Sparks's new novel tells the story of Travis Parker, a small town veterinarian who's perfectly content with the active life he leads. That is, until Gabby Holland enters his life. Gabby, Travis's new neighbour, is in love with her boyfriend of three years and wants nothing more than to start planning the wedding she's always dreamed about. But like a story within a story, the connection between Travis and Gabby is just a beginning. As their tale unfolds, their relationship becomes something different - with much higher stakes . . .	2007-12-06	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9780749670016	Dealing with Racism	Pete Sanders&Steve Myers		Explored from a personal as well as social perspective, investigating the reasons why social problems develop and ways of dealing with situations that may arise.	2007-01-11	Franklin Watts Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749670030	When Parents Separate	Pete Sanders&Steve Myers		Explored from a personal as well as social perspective, investigating the reasons why social problems develop and ways of dealing with situations that may arise.	2007-01-25	Franklin Watts		English				JNF019020
9780758222602	Christmas at Sea Pines Cottage	Sally Smith O'Rourke		Spending his days writing, tending to the local lighthouse, and nursing his injuries from the war, a young man named Robert, staying in the weathered Sea Pines Cottage, keeps company with only an adopted Golden Retriever puppy, until he rescues a young woman from sea. Original.	2008-10-28	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780600613305	Christmas Treats	Sara Lewis		Christmas is traditionally a time for spoiling yourself, family and friends. This book contains over 40 of the most indulgent treats, from classic truffles, tree decorations, and a beautiful iced cake, to more innovative ideas, including a tropical Christmas cake and cranberry blondies. Keep children entertained-let them join in the fun and help make ginger snowmen and reindeer cup cakes. Step-by-step instructions, beautiful illustrations mean that everyone can prepare the perfect Christmas gifts or cakes to enjoy at home.	2007-11	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780304366552	Churchill's Folly,Leros and the Aegean	Anthony Rogers		In 1943 Greek islands were the scene of the last successful German invasion of the Second World War. They had been occupied by the Italians since 1912 but with the downfall of Mussolini in 1943, Winston Churchill seized the opportunity to open a new front in the eastern Mediterranean. Rejected by the Americans, it was a proposal fraught with difficulties and, ultimately, one that was doomed to failure. British garrison troops occupied territory with the assistance of naval forces, but with little or no air cover. They were opposed by some of Germany's finest, including units of the esteemed Division Brandenburg, with ample air and sea support. Three months of operations ended in a British defeat and with the Aegean under German occupation until the end of the war.	2004-06-10	Cassell		English				ZZZ000000
9780575094178	Cities in Flight	James Blish		James Blish's galaxy-spanning masterwork, originally published in four volumes, explores a future in which two crucial discoveries - antigravity devices which enable whole cities to be lifted from the Earth to become giant spaceships, and longevity drugs which enable their inhabitants to live for thousands of years - lead to the establishment of a unique Galactic empire.	2010-02-25	Victor Gollancz Limited		English				FIC028000
9780758225283	The Vampress Girls,City of the Lost Souls	Jacy Nova&Nick Nova		Protectors of The Vampress Code, Passion, Raven, Sweet, and Page, ordinary college students by day, members of a rock'n roll band called The Vampress Girls by night, must stop their arch-enemies from allowing demons to freely roam the earth. Original.	2008-04-29	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780719568442	Civilisation,a personal view	Kenneth Clark		Kenneth Clark's sweeping narrative looks at how Western Europe evolved in the wake of the collapse of the Roman Empire, to produce the ideas, books, buildings, works of art and great individuals that make up our civilisation. The author takes us from Iona in the ninth century to France in the twelfth, from Florence to Urbino, from Germany to Rome, England, Holland and America. Against these historical backgrounds he sketches an extraordinary cast of characters -" the men and women who gave new energy to civilisation and expanded our understanding of the world and of ourselves. He also highlights the works of genius they produced -" in architecture, sculpture and painting, in philosophy, poetry and music, and in science and engineering, from Raphael's School of Athens to the bridges of Brunel.	2005-08-18	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780340839898	The clan of the cave bear	Jean M. Auel		Ayla is a courageous and indomitable young woman whose story begins when she is a five-year-old orphan adopted by the Clan, a group of Neanderthal. Ayla is cared for by the Clan's medicine woman Iza and its wise holy man Creb. Iza teaches her how to find food and the healing skills known only to her line, but Ayla must also learn the ways of the Clan. Full of curiosity, interest and rebelliousness, she does not always obey the Clan's rules and so she makes an implacable enemy of the group's future leader. Broud will do all he can to destroy her, but Ayla is a survivor.	2006	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780751543384	Class,The Secret Diary of a Teacher in Turmoil	Jane Beaton		It's about love lives . . .Maggie has been dating Stan for years - safe, comfortable and about as exciting as soggy toast. Can their relationship survive? Especially when Maggie meets David McDonald, her opposite number at the boys boarding school over the hill. Every single girl in the school has a crush on him, but not Maggie . . . yet.It's about school lives . . .Two girls. Same form. Simone Kardashian has won a scholarship and is determined to make her parents proud. Fliss Prosser is furious at being so far from home and her friends. As Simone tries desperately to fit in, Fliss tries desperately to get out.It's about private lives . . .Veronica Deveral knows how to manage a school. Routine and discipline are fundamental to her role. But Veronica has a secret that could ruin her career.	2010-03-18	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				FIC000000
9780340713204	Classic FM one hundred favourite poems	Mike Read		Classic FM One Hundred Favourite Poems is a rich and varied treasury which includes not only the famous, best-loved poems you would expect to find - and all the famous poets - but also some wonderful, less well-known works. This is a selection that will enthrall, move and delight, whether the poems are familiar or being read for the first time.	1997-12-04	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781845333621	Classic Paula Pryke	Paula Pryke		This guide presents the very best of Paula Pryke's ideas for creating stunning floral displays. Paula shares her artistic vision and explains her use of colour, shape, and style to set the mood for any occasion. She also looks at the unique demands of fu	2008-02-15	Mitchell Beazley		English				ZZZ000000
9781844081868	Cliffs of Fall,and other stories	Shirley Hazzard		Shirley Hazzard's stories are sharp, sensitive portrayals of moments of crisis. Whether they are set in the Italian countryside or suburban Connecticut, the stories deal with real people and real problems. In the title piece, a young widow is surprised and ashamed by her lack of grief for her husband. In 'A Place in the Country,' a woman has a passionate, guilty affair with her cousin's husband. In 'Harold,' a gawky, lonely young man finds acceptance and respect through his poetry. Moving and evocative, these ten stories are written with subtlety, humour and a keen understanding of the relationships between men and women.	2005	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780340922415	Dark Flight	Lin Anderson		'..the face that stared at him through the glass was his mum's, but it didn't look like her. Stephen's mouth dropped open and real fear grabbed his stomach. His mum's face was chalk white, her mouth twisted in pain. Behind her was a dark shadow. Stephen dropped the bones. ' A six year-old boy has vanished, his mother and grandmother horrifically murdered. At the scene forensic scientist Rhona Macleod finds a chilling African talisman, made from the bones of a child. Can she decipher its meaning and track Stephen down before he becomes the next link in the killers' chain?	2008-06-02	Hodder & Stoughton Canada		English				FIC022040
9781420100549	Dark Hunger	Sara Reinke		In this sizzling paranormal romance, two vampires fuel each other with insatiable passion. Together they must overcome forces more dark and powerful than they can fight. Original.	2008-08-26	Zebra Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781585713127	Dark Storm Rising	Chinelu Moore		SPARKS FLEW WHEN THEY MET-- BUT DOES GETTING CLOSE MEAN GETTING BURNED? Earthy, giving, and sensual, Star Lassiter is a woman's woman and a man's dream. As fitness coordinator of a chain of thriving health clubs, she's both successful and independent. Which is why Daran Ajero upsets her balance more than she wants to admit. Gorgeous, wealthy, and exotic, the Nigerian oil trader both intrigues and excites her. But there's no doubt in her mind that he's as arrogant and sexist as they come. And she's come too far to walk behind any man. But Daran won't walk away. The cultural divide between Africans and African Americans isn't wide enough to thwart his desire nor his dreams. And despite their differences, he vows to convince Star that they want the same thing out of life: love in each other's arms. . . .	2008-06-01	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780749938673	Dark-hunter Companion	Sherrilyn Kenyon		'Dark-Hunters are immortal warriors who have traded their soul to Artemis for one moment of vengeance on their enemies. In return, they swear to spend eternity protecting mankind from the daimons and vampires that prey on them.'This handbook is essential reading for anyone who has recently made that deal with Artemis, and also a valuable companion to the Dark-Hunter series for us lesser mortals! Packed with insider knowledge and secrets mankind are rarely privy to, the handbook has witty advice on how to survive, how to kill, and even where to go to buy weapons. There is also a Dark-Hunter directory which includes Were-Hunters and Dream Hunters, some conversational Greek and Atlantean, handy tips on dealing with Squires and even a section on how to handle unexpected visits from ancient godsThe handbook also includes a brand new short story from every Dark-Hunter's favourite writer Sherrilyn Kenyon.	2007-11-14	Piatkus Books		English				LIT012000
9780751514049	Darkening echoes	Carol Smith		Five women meet in a hospital ward in west London. Five strangers from widely differing backgrounds, forced by cramped conditions into passing intimacy that will spark off rivalries as well as set the foundations for enduring friendship. Beth, the career cook - popular, successful, at ease with herself and very much her own woman; Vivienne, the jaded socialite, disillusioned with the tawdriness of her glitzy life and fearful for her marriage; sad Catherine with the domineering mother, frightened of the present and forever seeking refuge in a past that never really was; free-wheeling Sally, the wild colonial, with a spirit as unfettered as her morals; and Georgy, the New Yorker, a stranger, newly arrived in town in the singular pursuit of love. Five apples in a barrel . . . but one of them is bad.	1996	Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9780340728765	Down Stepney Way	Sally Worboyes		Emotions are running high in Stepney, with Blackshirts marching through the streets and the Jewish community under threat of violence. Jessie finds it alarming, particularly as her boyfriend Max is Jewish, but she is quickly learning that nothing is simple. Discovering a family secret, Jessie turns to her mother for answers, but Rose is reluctant to reveal the past - for there is something that Jessie must never know. In Bethnal Green, Rose's old friend Emmie is giving love and support to Hannah Blake, who is being forced by her cold-hearted mother to don the uniform and join the Blackshirts, despite her deep misgivings. Emmie is aware of the darkness surrounding Hannah's own wretched past, but is bound by a vow of silence not to reveal what she knows. And meanwhile, Emmie's son Tom, chipper and handsome, has just fallen for a blonde girl he wants to bring home to meet Emmie and Hannah. Her name is Jessie Warner...	1999	Hodder & Stoughton		English				FIC000000
9780340750599	Down Weavers Lane	Anna Jacobs		Emmy Carter's mother is a prostitute - and her life has made Emmy determined to avoid the same fate. But Emmy is beautiful, so attracts unwanted attention; her mother's protector has his eye on her, as does evil Marcus Armistead, her employer's nephew. Marcus is excited by Emmy's virginity and has her kidnapped, but Emmy hits him over the head and escapes. Marcus, futher enraged, kills her mother and becomes even more determined to rape Emmy, but the combined efforts of the local parson and Emmy's young suitor manage to keep her safe from harm. Finally Emmy sees Marcus get his just desserts, finds out who her father was, and attains the respectability she has so longed for.	2002-09-05	Coronet Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780316167161	Dr. Bernstein's Diabetes Solution,The Complete Guide to Achieving Normal Blood Sugars	Richard K. Bernstein		Since its first publication in 1997. DR. BERNSTEIN's DIABETES SOLUTION has become the treatment of choice in the medical field. His groundbreaking approach to diabetes care enables patients to take control of their disease and to live long and healthy lives by normalizing their blood sugar without the usual swings. Dr. Bernstein himself is living proof of the success of this method. In this revised and updated edition of his work, he provides an accessible, detailed guide to his revolutionary approach to regulating blood sugars and outlines his plan for preventing or reversing long-term complications of diabetes. He offers the most upto-date information on new products, medications, and supplements, and explains the connection between obesity and adult-onset diabetes. Dr. Bernstein discusses breakthrough science and potential cures, and has added new methods for treating the disease, including new uses of medication and exercise approaches, as well as 40 new gourmet, low carbohydrate recipes in addition to the original 50. The only book to detail step-by-step methods for normalizing blood sugars in both Type I and Type II diabetes, DR. BERNSTEIN's DIABETES SOLUTION will enable patients to take charge of their health and live longer, healthier lives.- Dr. Bernstein pioneered the tight control of blood sugar that is now accepted as the standard treatment for diabetes. An engineer by training, he entered medical school at the age of 45 to secure the credentials for publishing his discoveries.- Since publication, the original edition of DR. BERNSTEIN's DIABETES SOLUTION has remained at the top of Amazon's bestselling diabetes books and has more than 70,000 copies in print.-There are 17 million diabetics in America and their number is increasing by seven percent a year.	2007-03-22	Little, Brown and Company		English				ZZZ000000
9780446694384	Dr. John Lee's Hormone Balance Made Simple,The Essential How-to Guide to Symptoms, Dosage, Timing, and More	John R. Lee&Virginia Hopkins		The authors of the classice books on menopause andpremenopause bring women an easy-to-use guide on balancing hormonelevels safely and naturally	2006-08-23	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781585712779	Everlastin' Love	Gay G. Gunn		After a decade in denial, a Vietnam war widow comes to terms with her husband's death, and finds love again with her father's business partner.	2008-09-30	Genesis Press		English				ZZZ000000
9780758228505	Everlasting Bad Boys	Shelly Laurenston&Cynthia Eden&Noelle Mack		Three of the hottest paranormal authors team up for a sensationally sexy new anthology featuring heroes whose supernatural talents provide pleasure that lasts and lasts.	2008-08-26	Brava		English				ZZZ000000
9780752884592	Every Day Is Like Sunday	Paul Vlitos		That Sunday feeling...The weekend's over, there's nothing on TV except for the Antiques Roadshow. The only thing you can do is face the fact that the working week is just around the corner. And for Matt Bletch, the working week is not a prospect to be relished. He's moved to middle of nowhere and taken a job at the only school that would have him. Surrounded by social misfits, clowns and psychopaths (and that's just his fellow teachers) he's left his girlfriend, social life and sanity back in London in the hope of earning some cash and maybe even finishing off his novel in the school holidays.Unfortunately, no one told Matt that a year spent in the dead-end town of Buxdon is unlikely to get the creative juices flowing. Walking through town before the first week of term, everything is grey, damp and smells slightly dubious. Will he ever tempt his girlfriend down to stay? Will the kids lynch him? And will Matt survive a year in the place where every day is like Sunday?	2009-05-14	Orion Books Limited		English				FIC000000
9780349108704	Every man for himself	Beryl Bainbridge		For the four fraught, mysterious days of her doomed maiden voyage in 1912, the Titanic sails towards New York, glittering with luxury, freighted with millionaires and hopefuls. In her labyrinthine passageways are played out the last, secret hours of a small group of passengers, their fate sealed in prose of startling, sublime beauty, as Beryl Bainbridge's haunting masterpiece moves inexorably to its known and terrible end.	1997	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780340881446	Flirtology,100 Ways to Release Your Inner Flirt	Anita Naik		Ever wanted to get noticed? be irresistible? grab his attention? You're fabulous. But are you sure you're letting the world know just how gorgeous you are? Perfect the art of flirting with this fun and effective little guide. Flirting is all about improving your communication skills and increasing your self confidence, so you can shine in front of people you fancy, without changing who you are. How to send out positive messages to your chosen love god... how to develop a rapport... how to give and accept compliments... how to perfect the art of conversation... and much more! For girls 10-14 and all ages	2004-02-12	Hodder Children's		English				ZZZ000000
9780575080584	Flood	Stephen Baxter		Next year. Sea levels begin to rise. The change is far more rapid than any climate change predictions; metres a year. Within two years London, only 15 metres above the sea, is drowned. New York follows, the Pope gives his last address from the Vatican, Mecca disappears beneath the waves.Where is all the water coming from? Scientists estimate that the earth was formed with seas 30 times in volume their current levels. Most of that water was burnt off by the sun but some was locked in the earth's mantle. For the tip of Everest to disappear beneath the waters would require the seas to triple their volume. That amount of water is still much less than 1% of the earth's volume. And somehow it is being released. The world is drowning. The biblical flood has returned.And the rate of increase is building all the time. Mankind is on the run, heading for high ground. Nuclear submarines prowl through clouds of corpses rising from drowned cities, populations are decimated and finally the dreadful truth is known. Before 50 years have passed there will be nowhere left to run.FLOOD tells the story of mankind's final years on earth. The stories of a small group of people caught up in the struggle to survive are woven into a tale of unimaginable global disaster. And the hope offered for a unlucky few by a second great ark . . .	2008-07-17	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780575084827	Flood	Stephen Baxter		Next year. Sea levels begin to rise. The change is far more rapid than any climate change predictions; metres a year. Within two years London, only 15 metres above the sea, is drowned. New York follows, the Pope gives his last address from the Vatican, Mecca disappears beneath the waves.Where is all the water coming from? Scientists estimate that the earth was formed with seas 30 times in volume their current levels. Most of that water was burnt off by the sun but some was locked in the earth's mantle. For the tip of Everest to disappear beneath the waters would require the seas to triple their volume. That amount of water is still much less than 1% of the earth's volume. And somehow it is being released. The world is drowning. The biblical flood has returned.And the rate of increase is building all the time. Mankind is on the run, heading for high ground. Nuclear submarines prowl through clouds of corpses rising from drowned cities, populations are decimated and finally the dreadful truth is known. Before 50 years have passed there will be nowhere left to run.FLOOD tells the story of mankind's final years on earth. The stories of a small group of people caught up in the struggle to survive are woven into a tale of unimaginable global disaster. And the hope offered for a unlucky few by a second great ark . . .	2009-07-09	Orion Publishing Group		English				FIC028000
9780316289399	Flying Colours	Cecil Scott Forester		A prisoner of the French after he being forced to surrender his ship, Captain Horatio Hornblower faces a trial by his captor, or if he can escape, a court-martial back in England. Reissue. 10,000 first printing.	1989-04-05	Little, Brown and company		English				ZZZ000000
9780755301836	God breathes his dreams through Nathaniel Cadwallader	Charlotte Fairbairn		In an outlying village in a far-away valley a young woman is assaulted and falls pregnant. The beloved pastor's stiffened corpse is found on the forest path, and winter keeps its grip on the land until June. Despondency and unease take root. When rumours begin to spread of the approach of a mysterious figure, a stranger astride a magnificent brown stallion, the conviction grows that he alone can lead the village through its hour of need. Accepting the villagers' invitation to settle in the valley, Nathaniel Cadwallader ushers in a golden age of faith and tranquillity. Yet there are those who resent the ease with which he holds the village in the palm of his hand, and when a beautiful outsider attempts to claim the carpenter as her own, the spell is broken, with tragic consequences.	2003-04-07	Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780340964927	God's Smuggler	Brother Andrew&John Sherrill&Elizabeth Sherill		This edition has been repackages and resized to coincide with the B format publication of Brother Andrew's latest best-seller SECRET BELIEVERS. God's Smuggler has thrilled and inspired readers now for almsot forty years. It tells the true story of how a young Dutchman risked his life to bring faith and hope to believers behind the Iron Curtain.	2008-05-15	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780752848419	Godchildren	Nicholas Coleridge		On a luxurious Balinese island, the charismatic tycoon Marcus Brand entertains his six godchildren. By the end of the weekend, secrets will be revealed that will change everybody's life, a climax to the web of lies and betrayals spun over the course of thirty years.The godchildren are Charlie - the aristocratic Old Etonian, who's fascinated and enthralled by Marcus's wealth and who devotes his life to securing an inheritance; Mary - the daughter of one of Marcus's business colleagues, her life is blighted by tragedy; Jamie - feckless but utterly charming, he drifts from one job to another, crossing Marcus's path just once too often for comfort; Saffron - delicate and sensitive as well as stunningly beautiful, she is unaware of her power over men ... and of Marcus's power over her; Abigail - insecure and gauche, she blames Marcus for the disaster of her life; Stuart - the working-class son of Marcus's dead chauffeur, he is torn between admiration and hatred for his supremely successful, capitalist godfather.	2003-01-30	Orion		English				FIC030000
9780340931172	Hide and Seek Mr Croc	Jo Lodge		This beautifully designed and sturdy carousel house packaged with an adorable plush gives Mr CRoc fans a chance to really explore his world.	2008-06-19	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781841881706	Highgrove,Portrait of an Estate	Charles Clover		The Prince of Wales has spent the last twenty years turning his Highgrove estate in the Cotswolds into a model of environmentally benign farming and gardening. HIGHGROVE: PORTRAIT OF AN ESTATE records the successes, failures and lessons to be shared not only by gardeners, horticulturists and farmers but by everyone interested in the countryside and in the environment at large. The Prince of Wales writes about his vision for the countryside with infectious enthusiasm and passion, providing a fascinating introduction and conclusion, while Charles Clover, the Environment Editor of the Daily Telegraph, superbly sketches in the backcloth: the history of the estate, the making of the garden, how wildlife was encouraged and the reasons behind the decision to make the farm organic. The book is gloriously illustrated throughout with colour photographs by the expert garden photographer Andrew Lawson.	2002-02-28	Cassell		English				ZZZ000000
9781420108644	Highland Angel	Hannah Howell		Sir Payton Murray's reputation as a lover is rivaled only by his prowess with the sword, yet it is the latter gift that has captured the interest of Kirstie MacLye. Fleeing a murderous husband who left her for dead, she vows to expose the man for the vile scoundrel that he is. She also knows it will take planning, cunning, and the help of a brave, arrogant, and willing champion. Kirstie only prays that Sir Payton will accept her challenge.Risking the ire of his own clan and hers, Payton nonetheless cannot ignore Kirstie's desperate plea or her captivating beauty. For he knows that nothing will deter the spirited lass from bringing an evil man to justice, even if she must do it alone. Joining her on this crusade, he embarks upon a dangerous quest against a powerful enemy only too eager to destroy them both...Praise For Hannah Howell And Her Highland Novels. . . 'Few authors portray the Scottish highlands as lovingly or colorfully as Hannah Howell.' --Publishers Weekly'Expert storyteller Howell pens another Highland winner.' -Romantic Times	2010-01-05	Kensington Pub Corp		English				ZZZ000000
9781420108873	Highland Honor	Hannah Howell		Nigel Murray saw through her masquerade from the first: a young woman trying to pass herself off as a page. It almost worked-until she was unmasked in battle with the English, at the point of a sword. Recklessly, Nigel saved the beauty whose secrets now endangered them both. He spirited her off to Scotland, determined to erase the terror he tasted in her kiss. Gisele knew the dark side of men, having barely escaped the brutality of her highborn husband, Lord Deveau. Now, with Deveau murdered and a price on her head, she was every man's prey-hunted for a crime she did not commit. Nigel is her only refuge, a handsome stranger whose fiery sensuality burns all fear in its wake. But to truly trust him, Gisele must leave the past behind, and let her heart accept the simple truth---of his undying love.	2010-05-31	Kensington Publishing Corporation		English				FIC027050
9781846163265	I Love You, Muddy Bear	Jane Simmons		When Mousse wakes up there is snow EVERYWHERE! So she grabs her favourite toy, Muddy Bear, and races round best friend Nut's house. It isn't long before they're both jumping about in the snow but hang on...where has Muddy Bear gone? The two best friends set off on a journey to find the precious toy...but perhaps it's closer than they think. A gorgeous sequel to Together from the creator of Daisy the little duck with big feet!	2009-12-31	Hodder Children's Division		English				JUV000000
9781599830636	I Was Your Fool	Jacqueline M. Smith		After her therapist's advice backfires, a troubled young lady seeks revenge and tears apart the lives of many innocent people. Original.	2008-06-01	Urban Soul		English				ZZZ000000
9781585713097	I'll Be Your Shelter	Giselle Carmichael		Attorney Jillian Newman, advocate for the downrodden and watchdog of the local police department, witnesses a horrible murder during the height of a thunderous storm in a downtown parking deck. Hunted by the gunmen, an attempt is made on her life and she is forced into police protection. Detective Harrison Blake, one of the city's finest, is appointed lead detective on the downtown murder case. Prepared as always for just about anthing when it comes to murder, the seasoned detective is completely caught off guard by his instant attraction to the witness. To make matters worse, she's the ex-wife of his nemesis, the district attorney. However, neither the differences in their races nor their painful pasts can keep the attraction between the two from blossoming. When another attempt is made on Jillian's life, Harrison will risk it all, even his most guarded secret, for the woman he loves in I'll Be Your Shelter.	2008-04-29	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780750259484	I Can Move	Mandy Suhr&Mike Gordon		This book explores how the body moves. It looks at the skeleton and how bones and muscles work together.	2009-08-03	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780749952211	I'm Still Here,A Breakthrough Approach to Understanding Someone Living with Alzheimer's	John Zeisel		The unfortunate popular perception is that when someone is diagnosed with Alzheimer's or dementia, they are immediately lost to themselves, to those who love them and to those they love. In I'M STILL HERE, John Zeisel shows how you can connect with someone through the fog of dementia and build a relationship with the person within.This groundbreaking book focuses on connecting with Alzheimer's sufferers through the abilities that don't diminish over the course of the disease, such as understanding music, art, facial expressions and touch.By harnessing these capacities, and by using other approaches to treatment, this book demonstrates how it is possible to offer sufferers a quality of life with a connection to others and to the world around them.	2010-05-01	Piatkus Books		English				MED045000
9780446582476	I'm with Stupid	Elaine Szewczyk		A hilarious tale of girl meets boy, girl falls in lust, girl discovers boy is not playing with a full deck...When Kas meets William while on safari in South Africa he seems perfect-a gorgeous park ranger, both kind and brave (he saved the tour from certain death by water buffalo). Her two best friends, Max, an endlessly scheming personal trainer, and Libby, a jobless bombshell, would like to get their hands on William...but he's only interested in Kas, an editorial assistant at a struggling New York literary agency who thinks William is out of her league. The two have a fling, and Kas returns home to New York wondering if she'll hear from William again. So when he finally sends an email, she's delighted. Until she opens it. The email is not quite the love missive Kas expected. Did she misjudge William? A miscommunication ensues, triggering a rapid-fire series of comic developments that, within days, bring William to New York, now under the impression that Kas has offered him a place to live. As he unveils his big plan to take Manhattan by storm and make his fortune, Kas finally recognizes how limited William's intellectual capabilities are: He makes Kevin Federline look like Albert Einstein. Readers are along for the outrageous ride as Kas copes with her new roommate's eccentricities, including a preoccupation with the Psychic Friends Network and a passion for collecting Big Apple-themed souvenirs, and the realization that her dream man is a comic nightmare."Elaine Szewczyk is smart and funny, and knows that New York bars and African safaris have something important in common: When it comes to dating, it's a jungle out there. If you savor Sophie Kinsella or Lauren Weisberger, you'll want to add her to your reading list."---Chris Bohjalian, author of MIDWIVES, THE DOUBLE BIND, and SKELETONS AT THE FEAST"Spirited, irreverent, bilious, and above all funny, Elaine Szewczyk's bitter cocktail provides a much-needed antidote for the chick-lit genre..."---Adam Langer, author of Ellington Boulevard, Crossing California, and The Washington Story	2008-07-24	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780752865409	Ice Run	Steve Hamilton		It is February in Paradise, Michigan, and for the first time since moving there, Alex is taking a hard look at his life. This is what happens when a middle-aged solitary guy falls in love. The woman is Natalie Reynaud, an officer from the Ontario Provincial Police whose partner has recently been killed. As far as the OPP are concerned, Natalie is responsible for her partner's death. She needs a break - from the past as well as the present.Alex and Natalie spend a romantic weekend together, but just as everything seems to be going so well, they are disturbed by someone who knows all about Natalie, and about a dark episode buried in her family's past which still drives men to violence.As much as Natalie doesn't want Alex to get involved, there's no way he can let her face this danger alone. After all, he's been beaten up and shot at, all to help a friend in need. How much further would he go for the woman he loves?	2005-04-21	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9781585712755	Icie	Pamela Leigh Starr		After fate throws a therapist together with her mentor's arrogant son, she's forced to take on the role of rescuer and redeemer--if she can put her past behind her. Original.	2008-08-26	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9781599830582	If I'm Gonna Love You	Rena A. Finney		Finney delivers a powerful and poignant novel centering on a woman whose life of luxury is proving unsatisfactory. Then she meets a man who is sure they are a perfect match--if she'll only let him get close enough to prove it. Original.	2008-11-01	Urban Soul		English				ZZZ000000
9781585713318	This Life Isn't Perfect Holla	Sandra Foy		In this vivid tale of a woman realizing her inner strength, a middle-class wife abandoned by her irresponsible husband after nearly two decades finds her challenges are just beginning. But the future may hold heartwarming surprises. Original.	2008-11-01	Genesis Press		English				ZZZ000000
9780758217363	If Memory Serves	Vanessa Davis Griggs		As the ever-conning Memory Patterson tries to convince everyone that she has changed for the better, Johnnie Mae has her own troubles as she deals with pregnancy complications, which force her husband, Pastor Landris, to make an impossible choice. Original.	2008-09-30	Dafina Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780821223840	Illuminations	Joyce Tenneson		Haunting, ethereal, pensive, disturbing?all these words describe the photographic work of Joyce Tenneson. Her images command a complex and intense emotional response from the viewer, something which has made Tenneson one of the most respected photographers working today. She has been described critically as 'one of America's most interesting portrayers of the human figure'. Her work is a mysterious alchemy of sensuality and spirituality, lit in an almost other worldly glow. 'Illuminations' expands on Tenneson's past themes, and includes for the first time complex multi-panel images of architectural and sculptural details. These striking new photographs resonate with and indeed seem to inhabit the same mystical universe as the people she has always photographed. This world of transcendence and personal myth has given Tenneson the unmistakable signature style for which she is so well known. In a recent article on Tenneson, critic Karl-Peter Gottschalk wrote, 'Every so often an artist comes along who defies the easy labeling that curators and critics feel obliged to stick on everything falling under their rapacious gaze. In spite of lacking obvious inspirations and role models, these artists manage to create deeply felt, radical works that an extraordinary number of viewers respond to with fervor and pleasure'.	1997	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9781841810065	The illustrated guide to crystals	Judy Hall		Crystals are objects of beauty and power. Their healing qualities were one of the earliest forms of medicine and have been used for amulets and divination throughout the centuries. The Illustrated Guide to Crystals offers information on their history, ancient use, qualities, and healing properties as well as on their use in opening the chakras, love, protection, divination and astrology. A crystal directory advises you on the huge variety of crystals available, their qualities, use, and appearance.	2000-03-10	Godsfield		English				ZZZ000000
9780304363308	Improve Your Bidding & Play	Derek Rimington&Ron Klinger		Here is a new edition of this exhilarating and ingenious guide to improving both your bidding and your play. Sixty hands are presented, and you must first find the key bid. Then, as declarer, you have to work out the best way to play the hand. By the time you have completed the sixty problems you will undoubtedly be a much improved player.	2002-08-01	Cassell		English				ZZZ000000
9780753820070	In another light	Andrew Greig		'Two small, confined communities in which established connections are cut across by shifting allegiances as people come and go: in cold climate as in hot, now as then, love is a complicated, compromising business' Times Literary SupplementA young man leans over the railings of the ocean liner bound for the exotic shores of Penang. It is early in the 1930s and Dr Alexander Mackay is on his way to take up his post running a maternity hospital in the colony. During the voyage he meets two beautiful sisters and the seeds of a scandal are sown.Seventy years later Edward Mackay wakes after a major brain trauma. In the hazy shadowlands of illness, he conjures the figure of his dead father, a man he knew so little about. This near-death experience provokes a move to the wilds of Orkney, where Edward joins a project to harness the tides around the island as a renewable source of energy. But in the tight-knit island community passions also run high.	2005-05-19	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780340840375	In at the Death	David Wishart		The sudden suicide of a young man prompts his family to ask veteran sleuth Marcus Corvinus to investigate. As usual, Marcus needs Perilla's agile brain to untangle the case, which grows more complex by the minute. Eventually the pair realizes that the suicide was actually a murder with political dimensions. Corvinus finds his investigations hampered, however, by his new role as reluctant dog sitter to the misnamed Placida, a Gallic boarhound with a gargantuan appetite and minimal hygiene.	2008	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340863756	In my father's house,the years before The hiding place	Corrie Ten Boom&Carole C. Carlson		Concentrating upon her family and their life in Holland before the war, this inspiring and revealing book describes in moving detail living above the family watch shop in Harlem and her memories of the family together before their lives changed for ever with the advent of war and persecution. Corrie believed that this life helped prepare them for carrying out God's work later and gave her the strength to survive the war, brutal hardship and persecution and begin her worldwide ministry. This much loved book is being re-issued in B format with a contemporary cover.	2005-04-25	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781840914979	In My Kitchen,Food for My Family and Friends	Annie Bell&Lisa Linder		A cookbook for various days of the year. It also discusses how intelligently designed kitchenware not only looks good, but makes cooking easier. It is illustrated with more than 150 photographs.	2007-11-15	CONRAN OCTOPUS		English				ZZZ000000
9780747267171	In still and stormy waters	Reay Tannahill		It is Victoria's reign, the height of the British Empire. At opposite ends of the realm two women - cousins - will clash in a passionate rivalry for a man and an inheritance each believes is her birthright: the Scottish estate of Juran. A sweeping, powerful family saga inspired by the fiery relationship between Elizabeth I of England and Mary, Queen of Scots, IN STILL AND STORMY WATERS is an engrossing story of obsession, double dealing, and love.	2002-07-01	Review		English				ZZZ000000
9781932273557	InStyle,getting gorgeous : the step-by-step guide to your best hair, makeup and skin	Jennifer Tung&Rachell Sumpter		Wouldn't you love it if your hair always looked as if it had just been perfectly cut and styled? Have you ever wished you could figure out the most flattering makeup look for your features? Getting Gorgeous: The Step-by-Step Guide to Your Best Hair, Makeup and Skin has the answers. The experts at In Style will take you every step of the way to finding the best looks and products for your skin, eyes, lips, hair, body, nails and more. Filled with famous faces, illustrated charts and step-by-step makeup application techniques, Getting Gorgeous provides quick, easy and comprehensive advice for every face shape and type. The book also features hundreds of classic beauty products that have appeared in the magazine's highly regarded annual "Best Beauty Buys" survey, which enlists more than 100 Hollywood beauty experts- including dermatologists who've tested the products on themselves- to determine the best goods on the market. But the real power of Getting Gorgeous is how it celebrates individual beauty. All the information in this book is offered with the understanding that everyone has a unique and compelling beauty all their own. The trick is identifying your greatest strengths and making the most of them. After all, the key to feeling great is looking your best.	2004-10-15	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9781409100041	In the Blink of an Eye	Hasso von Bredow&Catherine von Bredow		On May 1, 2000, Hasso von Bredow's life was forever changed. The young, active father of three suffered a massive stroke at the base of his brainstem, leaving him completely paralyzed and unable to speak. With his mind as cognitive and as active as it had always been, his body became his painful prison. Here is Hasso's moving and life-affirming memoir. At 42, Hasso had to come to terms with a life "locked in," being dependent on others for every breath, but worst of all, losing his most precious of possessions: his voice. The only way Hasso could communicate with the world was by blinking his eyes. With coded blinking and state-of-the-art technology, he wrote this incredibly moving memoir letter by letter, helped only by his wife and carer, Catherine. Far from being a depressing read, this story is a small miracle. It opens a world of human imagination, courage, and most importantly, love. Hasso's voice sings from every letter, word, and page, leaving the reader profoundly altered and uplifted. It is a book that resets one's internal compass and once read will never be forgotten.	2009-04-01	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780316727334	In the company of soldiers,a chronicle of combat in Iraq	Rick Atkinson		For soldiers in the 101st Airborne Division, the road to Baghdad began with a midnight flight out of Fort Campbell, Kentucky, in late February 2003. For Rick Atkinson, who would spend nearly two months covering the division for the Washington Post, the war in Iraq provided a unique opportunity to observe today's US Army in combat. Now, in this extraordinary account of his odyssey with the 101st, Atkinson presents an intimate and revealing portrait of the soldiers who fight the expeditionary wars that have become the hallmark of our age.With the eye of a master storyteller, the premier military historian of his generation puts us right on the battlefield. In the Company of Soldiers provides us with a vivid, utterly fresh view of the modern soldier in action.	2004-05-06	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780755321490	In the Dark Streets Shining	Pamela Evans		A gripping and touching WWII saga which vividly captures the heartbreak and courage of those battling to survive in Blitz-torn London When Rose Brown's husband is killed in action at Dunkirk in 1940, she feels as though she's lost a part of herself. Rose can't imagine the future without Ray, but she's certain he would have wanted her to pick herself up and start again. She decides to do something to help the war effort, and soon begins life as a postwoman. And when she courageously rescues a young boy from a bombed-out house and takes him back to her family in West London, she finds a new sense of purpose. Traumatised from losing his mother and being trapped in the ruins alone, seven-year-old Alfie is also rebellious and withdrawn. However, he touches the hearts of the family, who see through his sullen, bad-tempered front, and with kindness, patience and special insight from Rose, they eventually win his trust. But then a handsome stranger, Johnny Beech, turns up on the doorstep, looking for his son, and everything changes...	2007-01-11	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9781420100907	In the Flesh	Livia Dare		AN INFAMOUS BEAUTY.A DARING WARRIOR . . .For five years, Sapphire has been the king of Sari's most treasured concubine. Independent at last, she refuses to put herself in anyone's control again. But now another's meddling has led her into the path of proud, arrogant Wulfric, Crown Prince of the rival kingdom of D'Ashier . . . a man who is dangerous to her in every way.AND A SEDUCTION THAT COULD DESTROY THEM BOTHThe daughter of Wulfric's fiercest opponent, Sapphire is a prized warrior in her own right and highly skilled in the sensual arts-in short, Wulfric's perfect match. A lasting union is unthinkable, but the bargain they strike-to spend one night together, and then part-proves impossible in the face of a desire powerful enough to bring two countries to the brink of war, and two hearts to the point of surrender . . .	2009-06-02	Zebra Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340861882	In the footsteps of Saint Paul	Edward Stourton		There have been many previous biographies of this elusive but vitally important Christian but none have so clearly emphasised the relevance of his experiences of conversion, strength of belief and faith to the contemporary political and social climate in such a fundamental way. The reader is taken in St Paul's footsteps from his birth in Tarsus in the first decade of the first century AD to his martyrdom in Rome more then 60 years later. Stourton's detailed research and lively, enthusiastic writing style provide insights into the experiences, education and background which helped shape this most pragmatic and inspirational of biblical figures. St Paul is developed from a shadowy New Testament figure to a truly flesh and blood personality.	2005-01-20	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780753816851	In the forest	Edna O'Brien		IN THE FOREST, set in the west of Ireland, is the story of a young man who shoots dead three people in a forest glade. The young man, Mich O'Kane, is 'not all there in the head' as one character puts it. By puberty he is already committing petty crimes, ending up in borstal. By the time he is back home he has also served time in a British jail and is an institutionalised criminal. His sexual fantasies - revolving around women in the village - eventually centre on Eily, an artist and single mother, who lives with her son Maddie. One day Mich pounces, and orders Eily to drive them to the woods nearby...	2003	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780575081635	Incandescence	Greg Egan		A million years from now, the galaxy is divided between the vast, cooperative meta-civilisation known as the Amalgam, and the silent occupiers of the galactic core known as the Aloof. The Aloof have longrejected all attempts by the Amalgam to enter their territory, but havepermitted travellers to take a perilous ride as unencrypted data in theircommunications network, providing a short-cut across the galaxy's centralbulge. When Rakesh encounters a traveller, Lahl, who claims she waswoken by the Aloof on such a journey and shown a meteor full of traces ofDNA, he accepts her challenge to try to find the uncharted world deep inthe Aloof's territory from which the meteor originated.Roi and Zak live inside the Splinter, a world of rock that swims in a sea of light they call the Incandescence. Living on the margins of a rigidly prganised society, they seek to decipher the subtle clues that can reveal the true nature of the Splinter. In fact, the Splinter is orbiting a black hole, which is about to capture a neighbouring star, wreaking havoc. As the signs of danger grow, Roi, Zak, and a growing band of recruits struggle to understand and take control of their fate. Meanwhile, Rakesh is gradually uncovering their remote history, and his search for the lost DNA world ultimately leads him to a civilisation trapped in cultural stagnation, and startling revelations about the true nature and motives of the Aloof.	2008-05-15	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780755355402	Incubus Dreams	Laurell K. Hamilton		An Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter, novel 'The bride was a witch who solved preternatural crimes. The groom raised the dead and slew vampires for a living. It sounded like a Halloween joke, but it wasn't.' When I'm not up my elbows in sacrificial gore, I've got serious preternatural issues to deal with. Psychotic shape-shifters, duplicitous vampires and sexually deviant were-leopards. And that's just my friends. I'm Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter and Federal Marshall. My life is more complicated than ever, caught up between obligations to the living and to the undead. Now there is a vampire serial killer preying on strippers. And I've been called in to help the police.	2010	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780340682081	Ingenious pain	Andrew Miller		At the dawn of the Enlightenment, James Dyer is born unable to feel pain. A source of wonder and scientific curiosity as a child, he rises through the ranks of Georgian society to become a brilliant surgeon. Yet as a human being he fails, for he can no more feel love and compassion than pain. Until, en route to St Petersburg to inoculate the Empress Catherine against smallpox, he meets his nemesis and saviour.	1997	Sceptre		English				ZZZ000000
9780749952679	Inner Harbour	Nora Roberts		A dangerous secret is coming to shore . . .Philip Quinn has done everything to make his life perfect. With his career on the fast track and a condo overlooking the Inner Harbour, his life on the streets is firmly in the past. But one look at his adopted brother Seth and the memories come flooding back. In Seth he sees the boy he once was. Seth's future seems assured - until Dr Sybill Griffin shows up in the sleepy town of St Christopher's. She claims to be researching the town for her new book, but Philip is sure she is hiding something. While he is determined to uncover her motives, Sybill cannot deny her own growing feelings for the intense and mysterious Quinn - but the secret she hides has the power to shatter the brothers' lives for ever . . .	2010	Piatkus Books		English				FIC027000
9780752881263	Innocent When You Dream	Mac Montandon		'I've never met anyone who made it with a chick because they owned a Tom Waits album. I've got all three, and it's never helped me,' Tom Waits.Born, seemingly, in the back of a taxi cab outside a hospital in California, in December 1949, the young Tom Waits graduated through the jobs of janitor, dishwasher and cook to the position of doorman at a small L.A. club. Existing on a diet of whiskey, cigarettes and beat writing, he now added folk and jazz to his formative influences. In 1969, Captain Beefheart manager Herb Cohen discovered him - and five years later he released his first album, Closing Time, a record soaked in equal parts bourbon and melancholy. His drunken bohemian persona kicked in after this ('The Piano Has Been Drinking, Not Me'), and his familiar hoary rasp ('a voice that could guide ships through dense fog'), tales of losers, outsiders, hobos, dingy bar-room joints and seedy diners became the stuff of cult legend, covered by the likes of the Eagles, championed by Elton John, and instantly recognisable from a thirty-year career that has seeped through music (over 20 albums), theatre and film.Waits has never written an autobiography, has notoriously played fast and loose with the truth, but this collection of interviews is practically Tom Waits in his own words. Witty, enigmatic and currently fired up about the state of America (his latest album 'Real Gone' has been his most successful yet), Innocent When You Dream is a must-have for any Waits fan.	2007-02-15	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9781844035533	Insects,amazing images of fascinating creatures	Michael Chinery&David J. Bellamy		Insects are endlessly fascinating creatures. The images in this book afford the reader a rare and intimate glimpse of their almost alien world and include information on all aspects of their lives from their lifecycle and habitats to the amazing ingenuity of their defence tricks, whilst rarely seen up close and personal views taken with electron scanners highlight the intricacy and complexity of these tiny beings. The superb colour photographs cover a myriad of species from every corner of the globe - from searingly hot deserts to steamy rainforests, shady woodlands to meandering rivers and the informed text accompanies each photograph reveals something new about these tiny, intricate creatures and how their seemingly unimportant existence actually plays a vital role in the world on a large scale.	2007-10-15	Cassell Illustrated		English				ZZZ000000
9781856752343	Insomnia,take control of your health naturally	Ann Redfearn		For the staggering 40 percent of women and 30 percent of men who suffer from insomnia, a good night of restorative sleep begins with this varied menu of natural, effective, drug-free solutions. Feng shui and the ancient wisdom of Chinese medicine are enlisted to help switch off the excess energy of busy lives. Breathing exercises and relaxation techniques, such as color visualization and self-massage, provide calming bedtime routines. Equally important are diet changes: eliminating caffeine, chocolate, alcohol, fast food, and carbonated drinks, while adding calcium-and magnesium-rich foods to promote healthy nerve function. And most soothing of all are the nutritious smoothies and herbal teas that offer a satisfying taste experience as they promote deep, restful sleep.	2005-08-28	Gaia		English				ZZZ000000
9780304365869	Inspired Cardplay	David Bird&Martin Hoffman		In this exciting new book, you will find out what goes on in the minds of great bridge players. Twelve important areas of cardplay have been chosen, involving both declarer play and defence. For those not in the know, the various plays appear to be inspired, but they are in fact the result of cold hard logic. Learn the correct thought processes yourself and your cardplay will improve significantly.	2003-05-01	Cassell		English				ZZZ000000
9780340985182	Effective Presenting	Brian Salter		Being able to givenbsp;an effective presentation or speech isnbsp;an importantnbsp;skillnbsp;for forging a successful career path; yet for many it is a terrifying prospect. Mastering some simple techniques can help any manager or aspiring manager turn the nightmare scenario into onenbsp;where they not onlynbsp;feelnbsp;proficient, butnbsp;that they actually love to tackle. Readers will learn, first of all,nbsp;why it's important to learn presentation skills. From there, the book covers figuring outnbsp;what the readernbsp;wants to achieve innbsp;their presentation, and how cannbsp;to make best use of scripts, notes, and spider diagrams.nbsp;Techniques for engaging the audience and making any presentation more interestingnbsp;are explained, as well as what problemsnbsp;a presenter could encounter, and hownbsp;to deal with them?	2009-10-01	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340947357	Getting Results	Bernice Walmsley		Providing a practical introduction to the subject, this guide walks readers through the process of managing a project or multiple projects. Aspiring managers will also learn the basics of marketing for non-specialists, how to solve service problems, and the essentials of managing and improving customer service. Other areas covered include understanding your market, putting customers first, and improving overall performance.	2010	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340947340	Managing Change	Bernice Walmsley		Managing Changeprovides a readable and practical introduction to the subject, starting with the definition of change. It explains where to get ideas for change and innovation, how to implement change, and how to tell if the change has worked. It also deals with the costs of change, whether managers have to abandon current methods to embrace change, and explores the key management challenges in a changing world.	2010	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340983898	Successful Workplace Communication	Phil Baguley		The aim of this book is to enable managers to extend, strengthen, and enhance their workplace communication skills. Written for aspiring or developing managers and built around the idea that workplace communication is a dynamic, interactive, lively, and ultimately enjoyable process, it will tell the reader what workplace communication is about andnbsp;what the benefits of effective workplace communication are.nbsp;From there, readers learn how the ways and means of workplace communication can be chosen, planned,nbsp;and organized; and how to successfully develop and use those ways and means.nbsp;The book also teachesnbsp;how to ensure that those ways and means contribute to his or her growth and development as a manager.	2009-05-29	Hodder Arnold		English				ZZZ000000
9780460882040	Into a Towering Passion Eman Poet Lib #70	A. D. P. Briggs		Sensuous, passionate, erotic - a collection of poems on love through the ages	2000-04-06	Everyman		English				ZZZ000000
9780340976685	Into Danger,Risking Your Life for Work	Kate Adie		Ever since her days as a reporter on the front line in Iraq, Kate Adie has earned her reputation as one of the most intrepid women of her day. Throughout her career she has regularly reported from the worlds most dangerous war zones often placing her own life at serious risk. It has given her a curiosity about the people who are attracted to danger. Why when so many are fearful of anything beyond their daily routine, are others drawn towards situations, or professions which put them in regular peril of their lives? It has proved a fascinating quest that has taken her to the four corners of the globe in pursuit of an answer. She has met those who choose a career in danger, like stuntpeople, landmine exploders, and even a snake man who aged 96 - has been bitten countless times by poisonous snakes to find venom for vaccines. She has questioned those whose actions put them in danger, like Sir Richard Leakey whose determination to speak out in Kenya nearly cost him his life, as well as criminals and prostitutes who risk all for money. And of course there are those who through no choice of their own have been put in danger, such as Saddam Husseins food taster.	2008-10-17	Hodder & Stoughton Canada		English				ZZZ000000
9780752859101	Intrigue in the Village	Rebecca Shaw		There is a mystery surrounding the invitation by Craddock Fitch to the Big House. It is billed as a celebration of his business, but when everyone is assembled, they find that it is a lavish wedding reception for two very surprising people.With these festivities over, the inhabitants of Turnham Malpas are thrown into preparations of a different nature. It is the 150th anniversary of the village school and Kate, the head teacher, is arranging a big event. She enthusiastically starts making plans, but there is one problem of which she is unaware. In asking the previous head teachers to attend she has unwittingly placed the rector and his wife Caroline in an impossible situation . . .	2004-08-31	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9781842552087	Inventing Elliot	Graham Gardner		Elliot's life has been spinning out of control. He would give anything to get back to normal. Now, at his new school, he has a chance to reinvent himself. He will make himself so cook, so out of reach, that no one will hurt him ever again. The plan succeeds beyond his wildest dreams. And then beyond his wildest nightmare. Elliot is noticed by the Guardians, the mysterious, manipulative group who run the school according to their own very special rules. They want him to become one of them. For the first time, Elliot has power. But power comes at a terrible price, and Elliot faces an impossible choice when he has to decide how to use it.	2004-01-01	Orion Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780751535259	Ireland,a novel	Frank Delaney		One evening in 1951, an itinerant storyteller arrives unannounced and mysterious at a house in the Irish countryside. By the November fireside he begins to tell the story of this extraordinary land. One of his listeners, a nine-year-old boy, grows so entranced by the storytelling that, when the old man leaves, he devotes his life to finding him again. It is a search that uncovers both passions and mysteries, in his own life as well as the old man's, and their solving becomes the thrilling climax to this tale. But the life of this boy is more than just his story: it is also the telling of a people, the narrative of a nation, the history of Ireland in all its drama, intrigue and heroism.Ireland travels through the centuries by way of story after story, from the savage grip of the Ice Age to the green and troubled land of tourist brochures and news headlines. Along the way, we meet foolish kings and innocent monks, god-heroes and great works of art, shrewd Norman raiders and envoys from Rome, leaders, poets and lovers.	2005	Time Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9781420106626	Irish Magic II	Susan Wiggs&Morgan Llywelyn&Roberta Gellis&Barbara Samuel		Four beloved authors deliver four tales of Celtic romance that take readers into a world of sorcery and spells, where even the most forbidden and impossible love can become breathtaking reality. Authors include Wiggs, Morgan Llewelyn, Barbara Samuel, and Roberta Gellis. Original.	2009-05-27	ZEBRA BOOKS		English				ZZZ000000
9780340961360	Irons in the Fire	Russell Brand		Over the past eighteen months Russell Brand has built up a unique fan club through the sports section of the Guardian. Each week Brand writes a sharply observed and wickedly funny column about his first love ndash; football. Russell is 'West Ham till I die'. He's a season ticket holder and he's been going to Upton Park since he was a kid. He's also a huge England fan too, although after England lost to Portugal on penalties (again), he wanted a divorce. In this sharp and stylish book Russell guides us through one of the most dramatic footballing years in recent memory. We start with West Ham reaching the FA Cup Final for the first time in twenty-five years and end with their 1-0 win at Manchester United on the last day of the season, which kept them in the Premiership against all the odds. Along the way Russell turns his wit on Sven ('I bet he wears pants in the bath'), the WAGS, football chants, Jose Mourinho ('he's like the littlest hobo - he does terrific work then clears off leaving John Terry with a frog in his throat cos "there's a voice that keeps on calling him"'), and the night he slept next to David Beckham.	2007-11-15	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340878637	Is Is Bedtime, Wibbly Pig?	Mick Inkpen		Wibbly Pig is being his usual cheeky self, he doesn't want to go to bed, he's not tired at all! He wants to splash around in the bath, count the stairs to the bedroom and bounce around. But in the end, he snuggles in to bed and falls asleep with his cuddly toys	2004-03-18	Hodder Children's		English				ZZZ000000
9780340997505	Is It Bedtime Wibbly Pig?	Mick Inkpen		Wibbly Pig is being his usual cheeky self, he doesn't want to go to bed, he's not tired at all! He wants to splash around in the bath, count the stairs to the bedroom and bounce around. But in the end, he snuggles in to bed and falls asleep with his cuddly toys.	2010-05-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				FOR017000
9781559708401	It Might Have Been What He Said	Eden Collinsworth		Isabel was able to remember the precise moment she tried killing her husband. Strangely enough, she couldn't recollect why. A page-turning tale of tangled love, which makes for perfect summer reading.	2007-06-07	Arcade Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780340954874	It's a PC World,What It Means to Live in a World Gone Politically Correct	Edward Stourton		Almost all of us have a hobby horse we like to ride into battle against Political Correctness, and yet the PC phenomenon just seems to keep on growing, touching every facet of our lives from our pleasures to our politics. Why? Could it be that this much derided scourge of the modern world contains a germ of goodness? Edward Stourton finds examples in all walks of life ndash; and explodes a few myths along the way. His witty and thought-provoking manoeuvres through the pros and cons of PC are both entertaining and at times unexpectedly disturbing.	2009-05-28	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				SOC026000
9781585713486	It's in His Kiss	Reon Laudat		Savannah Jacobs is furious. Her fledging restaurant, the Silver Spoon, has been given a scathing review in The Cincinnati Tribune. She's mad and someone is going to pay. Jackson DeWitt had no right to do this to her. She was trying very hard to get her business off the ground. She knew it wouldn't be easy, but lately everything was going wrong. Jackson was the final straw. Savannah intended to make him eat his words. So, she stormed into his office and decorated his orderly desk with the same dish he had written about in his column. She then rips a copy of his column into itsy-bitsy pieces, sprinkles them on top of the mess like a garnish before stomping away. Jackson was amused and angry. He's never met anyone like her before and wants to see her again. Savannah also notices his good looks, but pushes them aside because of her anger. They are both annoyed but attracted to one another. Tempers flare but the attraction is too great to ignore. Problems exist but so does desire and passion that can't be denied.	2009-07-07	Genesis Press, Incorporated		English				ZZZ000000
9781585713387	It's in the Rhythm	Sammie Ward		R&B singer Garrett Martindale is at the top of the music charts. The son of a Baptist preacher, he travels home for a relaxing two weeks vacation, but the trip is far from relaxing. His father is determined for him to return to his gospel roots, his sister is keeping a secret from the family, and the woman he loves becomes engaged to another man. Can he find a way to put everything in rhythm? When the breakup of her relationship leaves Trinity Blake devastated, she rebuilds her confidence and has a new lease on life. That new lease is tested when Garrett Martindale comes home for a visit and her ex-boyfriend returns unexpectedly. She ultimately has to choose between the man who has her heart and the man trying to capture it.	2009-06-02	Genesis Press		English				ZZZ000000
9780316155625	It's Okay to Be Different	Todd Parr		Illustrations and brief text describe all kinds of differences that are "okay," such as "It's Okay to be a different color," "It's Okay to need some help," "It's Okay to be adopted," and "It's Okay to have a Different nose."	2004-05-01	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780749932565	Jacaranda Vines	Tamara McKinley		Praise for Matilda's Last Waltz: most noteworthy are its sympathetic heroine, and the account of life in the Australian Outback which is vivid and unsentimental Beryl Kingston A marvel of inventiveness, the characters throbbing with life Australia is vividly portrayed. A terrific read Anne Worboys	2001-06-28	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781842555835	Jack Flint 03 and the Dark Ways	Joe Donnelly		Continuing Jack's quest to find his father, Jack, Kerry and Corrie have passed through the gate into the peaceful summerland of Uaine. Hoping for a period of respite after all their adventures, they quickly discover that all is not well. The power-hungry spellbinder, Bodrun, has stolen the Copperplates - protective magical talismans - and released the terrifying Nightshades into the world. These creatures stalk the night, searching for a way to break through to other worlds and wreak havoc. They will do anything to get their claws into the heartstone.With The Book of Ways to guide them, Jack and his friends must travel deep into Bodrun's lair, facing gargoyles, giant spiders, walls of fire, shrieking all-consuming Nightshades, before a final confrontation with the evil spellbinder himself. And as Jack finds himself in the midst of this nightmare, he is forced to face up to what really happened to his father so long ago.	2010	Orion Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780821227459	Jacqueline Kennedy,the White House Years : selections from the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum	Hamish Bowles&Arthur Meier Schlesinger&Metropolitan Museum of Art (New York&N.Y.)&John F. Kennedy Library and Museum		Published in conjunction with a major exhibition at The Metropolitan Museum of Art, this revealing book celebrates the 40th anniversary of Jacqueline Kennedy's coming to prominence as America's First Lady and explores her enduring influence on style and fashion. 150 photos, many in color.	2001	Metropolitan Museum of Art		English				ZZZ000000
9780755335077	Jacquot and the Fifteen	Martin O'Brien		When dark jealousies surface on the French Riviera during a Rugby team reunion, Chief Inspector Daniel Jacquot suspects that someone is out for revenge. Marc Dombasle is a successful businessman and multi-millionaire. He was also the captain of the French Rugby team that beat England at Twickenham twenty years earlier. To mark the anniversary of this celebrated victory, Dombasle organises a reunion for the members of the winning team. When Chief Inspector Daniel Jacquot receives his invitation to attend the party he is reluctant to indulge in past victories, but an old friend persuades him and he makes his way to the millionaire's sumptuous CAtilde;'te d'Azur home. But petty jealousies and past rivalries soon re-surface and when one of Jacquot's old team-mates commits suicide in a pool-side cabana, his suspicions are aroused. Of the original fifteen players, only eleven of the team now remain alive. Is there a killer amongst them?	2007-08-02	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780340836699	Jailbird's Daughter	Irene Carr		Alison Grant is just five when her father is sent to prison for murder. Taunted at school for being a jailbird's daughter, then abandoned by her mother, she goes to live with her grandmother. She tells her only new friend that her mother is dead and her father is a ship's captain. It is the beginning of a new life of lies and deception, which continues after her grandmother's death. Alison begins to dream of owning a chain of cafes and becoming a lady, but her family's shaming secret will come back to haunt her once more.	2005-10-13	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781844084494	Jane and Prudence	Barbara Pym		Over the years, as Barbara Pym replaced Nancy Mitford, Georgette Heyer, even Jane Austen, as my most loved author, I devoured all her books, but JANE AND PRUDENCE remains my favourite. Even an umpteenth reading this weekend was punctuated by gasps of joy, laughter and wonder that this lovely book should remain so fresh, funny and true to life' Jilly Cooper 'The setting of this very funny novel, one of Barbara Pym's earliest, is an English village where Jane's husband is the newly appointed vicar, and where Prudence will pay Jane a visit and find herself courted by a fatuous young widower. Prudence, at twenty-nine, has achieved nothing in life but a dull research job in London and a string of dud affairs; Jane, now in her forties, was Prudence's tutor at Oxford. Jane cheerfully concedes that she is an incompetent housewife, but she hopes that the move to a rural parish may transform her into a Trollopean vicar's wife, as well as a crafty matchmaker. There are many comic complications here, as Jane learns that matchmaking has as many pitfalls as does housewifery' The New Yorker	2007	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780753823866	Jane Boleyn,The Infamous Lady Rochford	Julia Fox		Jane Rochford was sister-in-law to Anne Boleyn and Lady of the Bedchamber to Katherine Howard, whom she followed to the scaffold in 1542. Hers is a life of extraordinary drama as a witness to and participant in the greatest events of Henry's reign. She arrived at court as a teenager when Katherine of Aragon was queen. Even before Henry's marriage to Anne, her own marriage to George Boleyn brought her into the closest royal circles - and there she remained through the unfolding spectacle and tragedy of Henry's succession of marriages. She survived the trauma of Anne and George's executions and despite briefly being banned from Court managed to regain her place there to attend on Jane Seymour and Anne of Cleves. Her supposed part in both Anne Boleyn's and Katherine Howard's downfall has led to her being reviled through centuries. In this fascinating biography Julia Fox repudiates the idea of the infamous Lady Rochford and Jane emerges as a rather modern woman forced by brutal circumstance to fend for herself in a politically lethal world.	2008-03-01	PHOENIX		English				ZZZ000000
9781853812781	Jasmine	Bharati Mukherjee		When Jasmine is suddenly widowed at seventeen, she seems fated to a life of quiet isolation in the small Indian village where she was born. But the force of Jasmine's desires propels her explosively into a larger, more dangerous, and ultimately more life-giving world. In just a few years, Jasmine becomes Jane Ripplemeyer, happily pregnant by a middle-aged Iowa banker and the adoptive mother of a Vietnamese refugee. Jasmine's metamorphosis, with its shocking upheavals and its slow evolutionary steps, illuminates the making of an American mind; but even more powerfully, her story depicts the shifting contours of an America being transformed by her and others like her -- our new neighbors, friends, and lovers. In Jasmine, Bharati Mukherjee has created a heroine as exotic and unexpected as the many worlds in which she lives. "Rich...one of the most suggestive novels we have about what it is to become an American." -- The New York Times Book Review	1991	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780575080294	Jasmyn	Alex Bell		One day, without warning, Jasmyn's husband Liam dies of an aneurysm. Wrapped up in her grief, Jasmyn is trapped in a world without color, without flavor, without Liam. But even through the haze of misery she begins to notice strange events. Things are not as they should be, and eventually Jasmyn begins to explore the mysteries that have sprung up after her husband's death. The mysteries turn out to be deeper than Jasmyn expects, and she quickly finds herself immersed in a magical story of swans, castles, and bones; of murder and a vicious battle between brothers; of a lost past and a stolen love.	2009-08-01	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780719565731	Jennie Churchill,Winston's American mother	Anne Sebba		After a three-day romance Brooklyn-born Jennie Jerome married into the British aristocracy becoming Lady Randolph Churchill. At a time when women were afforded few freedoms, she was a behind-the-scenes political dynamo. However it was Jennies love life that marked her out, earning her the epithet more panther than woman. In other ways, Jennie was deeply loyal to her husband. When he was dying of syphilis she took him on a round-the-world trip to conceal his violence and mania. Her great project became her son, Winston, with whom she was entwined in an intense mutual dependency. Jennie died suddenly in 1921 and although Winston was not to become the nations leader for another two decades, he had acquired from his mother an unshakeable faith in his destiny. With unprecedented access to private family correspondence, newly discovered archival material and interviews with Jennies two surviving granddaughters, Anne Sebba draws a vivid and frank portrait of her subject. She repositions Jennie as a woman who refused to be cowed by her eras customary repression of women. Jennie Churchill was creative and passionate, determined to live life to the full.	2008-10-02	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9781846164712	The Iron, the Switch and the Broom Cupboard	Michael Lawrence		This ninth Jiggy McCue story sees Jiggy entering an alternative reality when he hides in the school caretaker's broom cupboard. In this new world, Jiggy finds he has swapped places with a boy called Juggy who is about to go on a school trip ndash; a trip to compete in the UK Extreme Ironing Championships.	2007-07-05	Orchard		English				ZZZ000000
9781408307465	Chocolate Wishes	Fiona Dunbar		New CBBC comedy series JINX is about to hit our screens on Saturday 31st October on BBC1 at 10.30am! Check out this brand new 13 part magical sitcom about a teenager called Lula and a magic cookbook she owns. Based on Fiona Dunbar's bestselling LULU BAKER trilogy, the comedy-drama series charts the adventures of a truly modern-day Cinderella. To coincide with this brand new series, Orchard Books are releasing three tie-in editions so you can read all about Lulu Baker's magical adventures first! Lulu Baker and her magical cookbook are back, in the final book of the Lulu Baker trilogy! But so, unfortunately, is the dreaded Varaminta le Bone. And this time she's managed to get her hands on Lulu's precious recipe book. Lulu must once again use all her wiles to scupper the evil plans of Varaminta and her son, the dastardly Torquil. But will she get a happy ending of her own?	2010	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780719564444	John Betjeman,The Biography	Bevis Hillier		This biography takes the reader from Betjeman's troubled childhood in north London, through his blossoming at Oxford; a gay fling with W. H. Auden; a clandestine marriage to a field marshal's daughter; pranks as a film critic; wartime service and probable espionage in Ireland, to the glory days of his later years when his Collected Poems became a runaway bestseller. This book is a distillation of Bevis Hillier's three-volume biography, authorized by Betjeman himself.	2007-07-26	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780460878234	John Clare	John Clare&Kelsey Thornton&Robert Kelsey Rought Thornton		John Clares verse is a celebration of country life. Clare ended his life in an asyum, yet his work expresses an innate wisdom and a profound understanding of nature and of his contemporary rural society.	1997	Everyman		English				ZZZ000000
9780460879408	John Dryden	John Dryden&David Hopkins		An elegant and witty writer, poet laureate from 1668, Dryden was on of the majordramatists, critics and poets of his age.	1998-05-15	Everyman		English				ZZZ000000
9780821261989	John Szarkowski,photographs	John Szarkowski&Sandra S. Phillips		- Accompanying the photographs will be excerpts from a life-time's correspondence giving a glimpse of Szarkowski's perspective on life and photography. Curator Sandra Phillips contributes an introductory essay.- The exhibition will open at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art in February 2005 to national fanfare in honor of Szarkowski's 80th birthday, and will travel to the Museum of Modern Art, New York, as well as several other venues into 2006.- John Szarkowski is the author of many classic works including Looking at Photographs, The Photographer's Eye, Photography Until Now, The Work of Atget, Winogrand, Irving Penn, and Ansel Adams at 100.	2005	Bulfinch Press		English				ZZZ000000
9780446543330	Jordan	Susan Kearney		A DANGEROUS MISSIONVivianne Blackstone devotes herself to her career, putting her love life on hold. Her latest project is a spaceship designed to protect Earth from the deadly Tribes. But its engineer, the alluring Jordan McArthur, now threatens both her job and her wary heart . . . AN UNDENIABLE DESIREJordan's past goes back to King Arthur, and he must find the ancient artifact that can save the galaxy. Vivianne's ship is his best hope, but convincing the fiercely independent beauty won't be easy. Especially when the passion flaring between them burns through their defenses - and love is the last thing they need to survive.	2010-02-23	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780340494806	Josh Lawton	Melvyn Bragg		JOSH LAWTON, a young Cumbrian orphan and farm worker, is an exceptionally good man. Strong and athletic, he is trained to be a fell runner by Cedric, a garrulous ex-soldier who takes Josh under his wing. But Cedric is alienated when Josh falls in love with Maureen, a worldly girl from the neighbouring town, marries her and fathers a child. However, the quiet and simple life that Josh loves does not satisfy Maureen who seeks excitement back home in the arms of her former lover, a local bully. The betrayal brings Cedric back into Josh's life, eager to discredit the woman who had usurped him. It also leads to a climax that is both inevitable and shocking: Josh, who hates fighting, is drawn into a battle with Maureen's lover and is killed. Cedric, filled with revenge, can only turn his knife on himself. The novel's tragic ending is both a warning against simplicity and a cry for its presence in everything.	2003-03-13	Sceptre		English				ZZZ000000
9780749924270	The joy diet,10 steps to a happier life	Martha Nibley Beck		>'the greatest thing you'll learn from actually practising and Joy Diet is that money, love, success, and, even physical health and fitness are the products of a joyful life, not the cause.'>Martha BeckThis book outlines the ten most powerful, life-enhancing behaviours that Martha Beck has found in years of research and practice. Clearly explained, with thought-provoking case studies from her life design practice, together with her trademark wit, and Joy Diet provides straightforward instructions for incorporating these behaviours into everyday life.By encouraging you to add the ten 'ingredients' of stillness, compassion, truth, desire, creativity, risk, play, treats, gratitude and rest to your daily routine, and Joy Diet shows you how to change the course of your life. in turn they will be empowered to find purpose, overcome obstacles, heal wounds and build dreams.	2004-04-29	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780786020829	Judgment in the Ashes	William W. Johnstone		To millions of men and women, Simon Border is a saint who has the inside track to God. But to Ben Raines, Border is a dangerous hypocrite with an army of true believers who'll do anything they're ordered to do-like go on a holy war against Raines and the SUSA Rebels. Border has condemned Raines as the Antichrist and has vowed to destroy him, his followers and what remains of America. As the rabid religious leader puts into place the final piece of a chilling plan, Raines is going to need a miracle to stop him-and survive.	1997-10-01	Kensington Publishing Corporation		English				ZZZ000000
9781603207874	Jumbo Sudoku Blowout	Time Inc. Home Entertainment		The next instalment in the popular Jumbo Sudoku series, JUMBO SUDOKU BLOWOUT includes over 275 all-new puzzles. The popular numerical brainteaser is a fun way to work your brain, and Sudoku fans of all levels will love t~lis collection. JUMBO SUDOKU BLOWOUT includes classic Sudoku as well as Samurai, Kakuro, Killer, and "Son of Sudoku" ( Futoshiki puzzles). All of the puzzles are rated on a scale of gentle to fiendish and have additional tips to make solving easier.	2008-10-21	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9781933405452	Jumbo Sudoku Easy	Michael Mepham		A follow-up to the popular Jumbo Sudoku 2, this next installment, Jumbo Sudoku Easy includes 400 all-new puzzles. The popular numerical brainteaser is as hot as ever and this collection is for the Sudoku novice who is new to the puzzle craze and may be a bit intimidated or for those that want to complete a few quick puzzles while on the go. Jumbo Sudoku Easy also includes variations of other SudokuCircular and some gentler Extreme puzzles. All the puzzles are rated on a scale of super-easy, basic, and moderate and also included are additional tips on making solving easier. Sudoku puzzles continue to be picked up in top newspapers across the country and are featured daily in USA Today, NY Post, Washington Post and the LA Times.With every puzzle being completely different Sudoku appeals to puzzle-fans of all levels.	2006-08-15	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9781933821832	Jumbo Sudoku Everyday	Michael Mepham		The sixth book in the series, Jumbo Sudoku Everyday is for every Sudoku fan and every level. Included are over 400 brand-new puzzles to challenge and entertain those new to solving, as well as the die-hard fans.	2007-04-03	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9781603207676	Jumbo Sudoku Explosion	Time Inc. Home Entertainment		Sudoku is still going strong! The tenth book in the series, JUMBO SUDOKU EXPLOSION covers 8 different puzzles and is for every Sudoku fan at every level. Included are over 250 brand-new puzzles to challenge and entertain those new to solving as well as die-hard fans.	2008-04-08	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9781603207737	Jumbo Sudoku Pocket Easy	Time Inc&Time Inc. Home Entertainment		The popular pocket-size is back! Included are over 100 all-new puzzles in a handy, take-withyou format perfect for commuting, travelling or anywhere you want to Sudoku. Everyone's favourite numerical brainteaser is now portable and for Sudoku fans of all levels.	2008-04-01	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9780752893839	Jumping the Cracks	Victoria Blake		Oxford: the city of dreaming spires and lofty knowledge. Or so they say. But for private investigator Sam Falconer, it seems to be a place of sin and secrets. And Sam's better placed than most to know - she grew up in an Oxford college and now she's back to set up a branch of her detective agency. And as ever, cases have a way of finding Sam. Soon she has a vanished man to find, a museum display of shrunken heads to protect, and - as a near-fatal chase proves -her own skin to save. For Sam, like the Oxford antiquities she's tracking, it seems the secrets of the past aren't easily escaped. A taut mix of classic crime, modern noir and psychological drama, this is Blake at her very best.	2008-11-04	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780755328550	Jumping to conclusions	Sarah Challis		A couple of books bought secondhand from a village jumble sale; in the front, a name - Johnnie Bearsden - scrawled in a childish hand. This is all it takes for old wounds to open and rumours to begin swirling again. Who is the father of seven-year-old Izzy Haddon? - her mother, Jess, has never revealed the secret. Now Johnnie is coming back to the village with his American wife and children. Everyone has always assumed that he is Izzy's father, but Jess maintains her resolute silence and gets on with what she does best - riding racehorses in point-to-points. Jess's mother, who looks after her little granddaughter Izzy, and loves her with a passion, rightly suspects that things cannot long go on as they are. And when the story breaks, there will surely be terrible consequences.	2006-01-02	Headline Review		English				FIC000000
9780752894102	Just a Family Affair	Veronica Henry		In the Gloucestershire village of Honeycote, country life is anything but quiet. Maybe it's something to do with all that fresh air, but it's the kind of place where passions run high... The Liddiard family are well known in Honeycote - and now there is to be a big wedding. But will everything go according to plan? Lucy Liddiard knows her husband is no saint, but isn't prepared for his latest confession. Bride-to-be Mandy has no idea what joining the Liddiards really means. And local girl Mayday, wild child, rebel and free spirit, is thinking the unthinkable - with unimaginable consequences . . .JUST A FAMILY AFFAIR is a glorious, all-consuming story about finding out the truth, finding a husband, or perhaps just finding yourself.	2009-04-24	Centraal Boekhuis		English				FIC000000
9780316114936	Just Like Heaven	Patrick McDonnell		Having awakened from a nap to find himself surrounded by fog, Mooch the cat decides he must be in Heaven, especially when he sees that all of his loved ones are there.	2006-10-04	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780304366484	Jutland 1916,Death in the Grey Wastes	Nigel Steel&Peter Hart		Based on letters, diaries, unpublished memoirs, interviews, books and other sources, this detailed study examines the whole event from the perspective of participants on both sides and from all ranks. Relive the dramatic intensity of the battle, and the all too sad aftermath.	2007-04-01	Cassell Military		English				ZZZ000000
9780304358441	The kappillan of Malta	Nicholas Monsarrat		As bombs pound Malta to dust, Father Salvatore--a simple priest, or kappillan, serving the poor--finds himself caught in the drama of World War Two. In the fragile safety of catacombs revealed by the explosions, he tends to the flood of homeless, starving, and frightened people seeking shelter, giving messages of inspiration and hope. His story, and that of the island, unfold in superbly graphic images of six days during the siege. "...one of the most memorable characters of postwar fiction"--Daily Express. 5 X 7 3/4.	2001-09-01	Cassell		English				ZZZ000000
9780821262092	Katie Brown's Weekends,Making the Most of Your Two Treasured Days	Katie Brown&Paul Whicheloe		Featuring recipes that use five or fewer steps and family fun projects that be can accomplished within an hour, "Katie Brown's Weekends" teaches "domesticity for dummies." The end results of the more than 100 recipes and simple projects are depicted in 175 glorious, full-color photos.	2005-10-06	Bulfinch		English				ZZZ000000
9780747255376	Katie's Kitchen	Dee Williams		When Katherine Carter's common law husband dies without a will, his house and business revert to his bullying, womanizing brother, Gerald. Katie and her son move into cheap lodgings offered by a friend, but when a young girl turns up, bloodstained and incoherent, their troubles pale in comparison.	1999-01-01	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780752875378	Keep Smiling	Charlotte Church		Charlotte Church burst onto the music scene when she was only 12 years old. She went straight to the top of the charts with VOICE OF AN ANGEL and sang for the Pope, the US President and royalty across the world. In the last five years she has released five albums, received numerous accolades and garnered more column inches than Jordan and Victoria Beckham put together. So why are we continually fascinated by this Welsh teenager?Candid to the last, in this autobiography Charlotte reveals herself as never before. She talks of her life, career, family and loves with surprising intimacy and, being true to her outspoken reputation, complete honesty.Keeping her feet firmly on the ground, Charlotte Church is an icon of our times. She combines being a style icon and international diva with living at home with her family and making sure she has supper with her Nan every Tuesday night.Including beautiful photographic spreads and candid snapshots from behind-the-scenes, the book will include a scrapbook of all that is important to Charlotte. From her Nan's recipes and personal letters to original song workings, this book will be unique in the market and offer an insight into the managing of true talent and the demands of modern celebrity.	2007-09-06	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780297847618	Keepers of the keys of heaven,a history of the papacy	Roger Collins		According to Pope Innocent III, 'Nothing which happens in the world should escape the notice of the supreme pontiff', and for two millennia little has. Since its emergence from the ruins of the Roman Empire, the Papacy has represented the most extraordinary continuation of earthly power from the decline of the Roman empire to the collapse of Communism in the late twentieth century and beyond. The Papacy has faced many crises - dangers from within and assaults from without. For many centuries it only survived by timely alliances and clandestine pacts with Europe's kings and princes. But it did survive - to organize the Crusades and the Counter-Reformation and send papal missions and missionaries throughout the world. After 1870 it lost the Papal States and became a spiritual institution rather than a temporal power. This single-volume history of the Papacy is a rare achievement. The narrative describes the character and policies of individual popes, the development of the Curia, the administration of the Papal States, issues of theology and canon law, the papacy's relationship with the city of Rome, the long tradition of artistic patronage, and much more. Roger Collins has mastered the vast literature on papal history and used the riches of the Vatican Library in Rome, as well as accounts by such outsiders as ambassadors and spies, to chronicle two thousand years of ambition, scandal, persecution, faith and glory. This is a vivid and revealing history of one of the most enduring and influential or human institutions.	2009	Weidenfeld & Nicolson		English				ZZZ000000
9780749934781	Keeping mum	Stephanie Zia		a really good read... moving and funny with strong, well drawn characters and lots of wry humour Louise Voss Entertaining comedy Baby & You	2004-03-04	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780747251125	Keeping up with Magda	Isla Dewar		The village of Mareth is a community of elaborate scheming and sexual innuendo, where everyone knows everything about each other. At the hub of this is the Ocean Cafe, run by Magda, who makes grown men eat their greens, won't serve customers she doesn't like, and loves her family with a passion.	1996-04-01	Headline Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780316009850	Keeping You a Secret	Julie Anne Peters		With a steady boyfriend, the position of Student Council President, and a chance to go to an Ivy League college, high school life is just fine for Holland Jaeger. At least it seems to be. But when Cece Goddard comes to school, everything changes. Cece and Holland have undeniable feelings for each other, but how will others react to their developing relationship? This moving love story between two girls is a worthy successor to Nancy Garden's classic young adult coming out novel, Annie on My Mind. With her characteristic humor and breezy style, Peters has captured the compelling emotions of young love.	2005-05-04	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers		English				ZZZ000000
9781409103325	Kensudoku Konundrums,200 Brand New Puzzles	Mark Huckvale		Can't get enough KenSudoku? Take your addiction to the next level with a Konundrum of brand new brainteasers. Numbers count! Includes KenSudoku, Killer, Futoshiki and Cross-Number - all puzzles that combine reasoning with basic maths. 200 brand new puzzles Graded by difficulty One logical solution to each puzzle Puzzle solving tips Brain train and improve maths skills at the same time Mind-bending fun Hours of endless entertainment and stimulation for even the sharpest brain. If you thought you'd reached your logic-puzzle limit, you thought wrong!	2009-05-14	Orion		English				GAM017000
9780751539172	Kensington Court	Carol Smith		It's almost Christmas, and Kate Ashenberry, disillusioned and in flight from her violent lover, arrives in London to spend the festivities alone. But the heart of the Victorian mansion block she has made home is its residents, and nothing beats the variety of those living in Kensington Court. Within days, Kate finds she has a whole new family, sometimes fun, sometimes interfering, always neighbourly. Yet Kate has a sense that all is not quite as it seems, and when the killing starts, the cosy, comforting camaraderie of Kensington Court collapses entirely . . .	2006-09-26	Time Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9780758225474	Kept	Jami Alden		When he is hired to watch notorious party girl Alyssa Miles - and his former lover - 24/7, security expert Derek Taggart has a hard time staying focused on the job. Original.	2009-02-24	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780749922009	Kids Under Pressure,How to Help Your Child Cope with Stress	Karen Sullivan		Today's children are under increasing pressure. Many are beginning to show signs of stress, such as irritability, poor concentration, insomnia, digestive problems and an increased susceptibility to illness. Depression, anxiety, eating disorders and behavioural disorders are also on the increase. Kids Under Pressure addresses the very real stresses that are affecting our children and gives practical advice on how to make their lives balanced, healthy and happy. It includes: Reasons why our children are stressed - unrealistic expectations, divorce, bullying, competition at school, exams, sibling rivalry, jealousy, bereavement etc. Excellent coping strategies to help children deal with all aspects of their lives The importance of fun, relaxation and leisure activities and how to fit them into each day How to give every family member a voice, an outlet and a sanctuary A unique section in which the children speak out!	2002-01-24	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780752880792	Killer Kakuro	Mark Huckvale		Kakuro is the latest Japanese puzzle craze for all those who thought they had reached the limit in logic puzzles. Kakuro is all about numbers, and like su doku it is solved by using logic, with absolutely no guesswork.However, Kakuro takes puzzling a step further: it requires simple arithmetic skills as well as reasoning. But don't worry if maths isn't your strong point. While some of the logic relies on you being able to add up, the sums only ever involve a few single digits, and the totals in this book are never more than 45. You don't need to be a maths whiz, nor do you need to have a calculator handy. You will have no difficulty in doing the sums in your head.As with the incredibly addictive su doku, the fun in doing kakuro is working out the logic that gets you from the starting position to the single solved grid of digits.So if you're bored with su doku - kakuro is the next logical step . . .	2006	Orion Publishing Group, Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780758212276	Killer Knots,Bad Hair Day Mysteries	Nancy J. Cohen		When Marla Shore embarks on a supposedly romantic cruise with her fianc Dalton Vail, she finds mystery and mayhem on the high seas when she accidently receives a cryptic message that leads to the murder of a renowned artist. Reprint.	2008-10-28	Kensington Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780747263814	Killigrew and the Golden Dragon	Jonathan Lunn		Reckless acts of bravery are not uncharacteristic of Lieutenant Kit Killigrew. So when he's instrumental in capturing the infamous Chinese pirate, Zhai Jimng-mu, en route to Hong Kong, and releasing his beautiful hostage, Peri Dadabhoy, no one is surprised. But, for Killigrew, the stakes grow impossibly highlove, professional integrity, and, ultimately, his life.	2006	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780747263821	Killigrew and the Incorrigibles	Jonathan Lunn		Anbsp;deadly chase across the Pacific, the escape of six of Norfolk Island's most notorious prisoners, an elusive and savage dealer in a barbaric trade, and a tribe of cannibals in the New Hebrides all conspire to make this a hair-raising, ultimately life-threatening adventure for Kit Killigrew.	2002-08-05	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780747263807	Killigrew R.N.	Jonathan Lunn		Forty years after its abolition, the Transatlantic slave trade is more lucrative than ever, and only one man is ruthless enough to beat the slavers at their own game. Risking death, Lieutenant Kit Killigrew infiltrates the crew of a slave ship. From the smoke-filled clubs of London to the steamy jungles of the Guinea Coast, young Killigrew finds himself on a journey fraught with murder and betrayal.	2000-08-03	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780304357772	Killing Defence at Bridge	Hugh Kelsey		Killing Defence at Bridge is one of the all-time classics of the game. When it was first published, it revolutionized defense play, and today it continues to be as incisive and relevant as ever.	2001-07-01	Cassell		English				ZZZ000000
9780747264989	Killing Helen	Sarah Challis		Starting an affair with Robert is easy. Bored with the awkward, boorish single men of her own age and flattered by the confident attentions of a handsome stranger, Harriet is excited by the idea of a lustful friendship, as Robert chooses to describe it. A commitment-free fling is ideal, and the existence of a wife is a minor inconvenience. But then Harriet finds out about his other mistress...	2001-06-07	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780758216441	Kilt Dead	Kaitlyn Dunnett		Liss MacCrimmon is a professional Scottish dancer on tour with a Riverdance-esque troupe when a career-ending knee injury forces her into early retirement. At loose ends, Liss decides to help her aunt run her Scottish emporium in Moosetookalook, Maine. She hasnt been there since she was a teenager, but the quaint little town in the western hills of Maine looks just as she remembered it.	2008-07-01	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780749952907	Kindred in Death	J. D. Robb		A phone call from up high interrupts Eve's plans to have a lazy day with her husband: The teenage daughter of Captain Jonah McMasters, head of the NYPD drug squad, has been found raped and strangled in her bedroom. A terrifying video of Deena, bloody and beaten beyond recognition, hints at a link between her death and a criminal in McMasters's own past, someone determined to exact revenge in the cruelest way possible. Searching through McMasters' cases leads Eve nowhere - until another rape-murder, and another video, reveals the killers deadly intent: to target every single person involved in his family's case over a decade ago. With barely anything to go on except a tangle of dead ends, Eve and her team must work fast to identify the next victim of a killer with who will stop at nothing ...	2010	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780753821237	King of the Middle March	Kevin Crossley-Holland		It is 1202, and thousands of knights and footsoldiers are mustering in Venice for the Fourth Crusade. Among them is young Arthur de Caldicot, squire to Lord Stephen. It is thrilling to be part of this huge gathering; but as Christian falls upon Christian and Saracens draw their scimitars, Arthur's eyes are opened to the realities of war. Looking into his seeing stone for guidance, he realises that the exploits of King Arthur and his knights, like those of the crusaders, are as grim as they are glorious. Meanwhile Arthur has his own concerns: Gatty, his betrothal, his dream of finding his mother, his relationship with his violent father and his churlish foster-brother. When he finally returns to England, all he has lost and all he has won come together. War, romance, murder, family quarrels, power politics, the conflict between Christianity and Islam: all these are elements in a story packed with drama and colour. Its vivid picture of daily life in medieval times is shot through with earthy comedy and the magic of the Arthurian legends. Darker and deeper than the first two books, this is a marvellous ending to a trilogy that has utterly captivated its readers.	2007-11-01	PHOENIX		English				ZZZ000000
9780340770917	Kingdom come	Melvyn Bragg		Douglas Tallentire has at last achieved what his father and grandfather before him fought for so bitterly. Educated and independent, he can carve out his own career and spread his wings. But success, freedom and happiness are more elusive than ever in the fiercely competitive Seventies. From Cumbria to the frenetic whirl of sophisticated life in New York and London, Douglas, like all the Tallentires, must come to terms with private uncertainty and pain.	2002*	Sceptre		English				ZZZ000000
9780349113852	Kings of Albion	Julian Rathbone		Into the Wars of the Roses, at their most terrible and bloody climax, come three sophisticated and highly civilised easterners from South India who are on a mission to trace the Prince of Vijayanagara's long-lost brother. Through their eyes the heart of darkness that was England is revealed.	2001	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780446695244	Kiss,Behind The Mask - The Official Authorized Biography	David Leaf&Ken Sharp		Now everything is finally revealed about one of rock music's most outrageous and enduring phenomena. In this definitive, official authorized biography, authors David Leaf and Ken Sharp were given full, unprecedented access to Kiss and their inner circle. Hear the true, uncensored stories from Gene Simmons, the fire-breathing Demon; Paul Stanley, the acrobatic Starchild; Ace Frehley, the axe-slinging Spaceman; and Peter Criss, the levitating Catman drummer. Chronicling the group's amazing story, this one-of-a-kind book also offers interviews with some of the biggest stars in rock music, including Pete Townshend, Alice Cooper, Ted Nugent, Ozzy Osbourne, and many others. The only book that truly captures the inimitable and exuberant spirit of the fiery foursome who gave America its second national anthem, "Rock and Roll All Nite," Kiss: Behind the Mask is a must-have for the band's legion of Kiss Army acolytes. * Dozens of never-before-seen photos * The band's story, told in their own words * Exclusive album-by-album, song-by-song commentary * In unique interviews, today's rock superstars tell why they love Kiss.	2005-06-02	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780755345892	Kiss and Break Up	Kate Kingsley		Half term may be over but the chaos has just begun. Mr Logan has run off and eloped with Miss Sharkreve leaving the Lower Sixth with a new housemistress - the tyrannical, catty Mrs Dicks. And with the rules getting tighter at St Cecilia's the students are getting way more creative in finding ways to break them - especially as they're all feeling a bit frisky. Tally, broken hearted and on the rebound, sets her sights on safe bet Rando, while Alice and Tristan decide to take their relationship to the next level. Things between Dylan and Jasper are seriously heating up - could she finally have found a guy who won't disappoint her? As tensions reach an explosive high, a pool party at Rando's country estate should be just the thing to cool everyone down. Or will it push the temperature up a notch?	2010	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780752844381	Kiss and tell	Donna Hay		"Set in the commercial world of soap opera, a wonderful follow-up to Donna Hay's first novel Waiting in the Wings."	2001-12-06	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780752844480	Kiss the Girls Goodbye	Lilian Harry		'The Corner House was making a good job of New Year's Eve, despite the bad weather, the blackout, the looming threat of rationing . . . The Nippies were dashing to and fro with their big silver trays and the war seemed suddenly far away.' So begins 1940 for the Nippies at the Lyons Corner House at Marble Arch. But despite putting on a cheerful face for the customers, the war is taking its toll on all the waitresses: for Maggie, married just a few hours, and then parted from her husband; for Jo and Phyl, anxiously waiting for news from their fiances; for Etty, and the constant jibes she faces about her background; and even for Irene, who begins a new friendship which is not all it appears to be . . .	2002-01-24	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9782850188251	The Kitchen Book,The Essential Resource for Creating the Room of Your Dreams	Bill Partsch		The kitchen is more than simply the place to cook. They also offer camaraderie for friends, much-needed family time, relaxation, a chance for creativity, even spiritual sustenance, which makes "getting them right" important indeed. The Kitchen Book features more than 45 of the best kitchens from throughout North America, helpfully categorizes them according to style, and then lets readers "roam" freely through every space. Hundreds of color photos show not only the big design picture, but a wealth of important details, as well: innovative storage solutions, the latest in appliance trends, creative surface treatments, and more. And for those who want to refine their existing kitchen rather than redo the room completely, there are easy-to-follow style and shopping guides for giving it a fresh look. From modern luxe to handcrafted country to spunky-and-funky retro: whatever their design preferences, readers will find plenty of inspiring examples of the best in The Kitchen Book.	2005-04-01	Filipacchi Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781559708340	Kitchen Con,Writing on the Restaurant Racket	Trevor White		"A laugh-out-loud book with lots of bitchy restaurant gossip for the foodie and everyone else. It deserves to be a bestseller. Absolutely fascinating and wittily written!" -Bookseller	2007-05-14	Arcade Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9782850187407	Kitchens	Editors of Elle Decor		Friendliness incarnate, the kitchen is increasingly replacing the dining room and living room as the favorite gathering place in many households. Needless to say, it must be functional, first and foremost, but people also want their kitchens to be welcoming and attractive. For this, today, all the know-how and resources of professional interior designers and decorators can be called upon. The best storage tips, plus useful manufacturers' addresses, and the finest materials, make this visit to the most beautiful Elle Decor kitchens a must for anyone dreaming of creating a kitchen that becomes a genuine living room. Elle Decor Kitchens will take you from Manhattan to London, from San Francisco to Paris. It invites you to take a spectacularly visual stroll through the kitchens of Calvin Klein, Donna Karan, Terence Conran, and other luminaries known for their attention to detail. And, it allows you to bask in the ingenuity and creativity of designers like Philippe Starck, Jacques Grange, and Andree Putman. Book jacket.	2002-10-01	Filipacchi Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780575082434	Kitty and the Midnight Hour	Carrie Vaughn		Kitty Norville is a midnight-shift DJ for a Denver radio station - and she also happens to be a werewolf. One night, sick of the usual lame song requests, she accidentally starts 'The Midnight Hour', a late-night advice show for the supernaturally disadvantaged. Almost immediately she's deluged by calls from desperate vampires, werewolves and witches from all across the country, wanting to share their woes and ask her advice. Kitty's new show is a raging success, but it's Kitty herself who could use some help, not least because her monthly change is a deep and dark secret to all but a very special few. And when she finds one very sexy werewolf-hunter on her tail, not to mention a few homicidal undead, she realises she may just may have bitten off more than she can chew . . .	2008-01-10	Victor Gollancz Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780575082670	Kitty Goes to Washington	Carrie Vaughn		Celebrity werewolf and late-night radio host Kitty Norville prefers to be heard and not seen, but when she's invited to testify at a Senate hearing on behalf of the country's supernaturals, her face gets plastered all over national TV. Before long Kitty's inherited a brand-new set of friends and enemies, including the vampire mistress of the city, an uber-hot Brazilian were-jaguar, and a Bible-thumping senator who plans to expose Kitty as the monster he truly believes her to be. Kitty quickly learns that in this city of dirty politicians and backstabbing pundits, everyone's itching for a fight - and she's about to be caught in the middle.	2008-04-10	Victor Gollancz Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780575090064	Kitty Raises Hell	Carrie Vaughn		TOO DARN HOT!Kitty and Ben thought they were done with Las Vegas, but it's beginning to looks like Vegas isn't done with them. A sadistic cult of lycanthropes and their vampire priestess have laid a curse on Kitty, revenge for her disrupting their rituals, and now an invisible evil that smells like brimstone and plays with fire has followed them home. The next full moon triggers danger and destruction in the form of fire, and it's not just targeting Kitty, but the pack of werewolves she's sworn to protect. Kitty needs help if she's going to be able to extinguish the terror that's threatening to torch them all!	2009-10-08	Orion Publishing Group		English				FIC009000
9780446553384	Knight of Pleasure	Margaret Mallory		THE GREATEST PASSION Lady Isobel Hume is an expert swordswoman who knows how to choose her battles. When the king asks her to wed a French nobleman to form a political alliance, she agrees. But that's before the devilishly charming Sir Stephen Carleton captures her heart-and tempts her to betray her betrothed, her king, and her country. IS WORTH THE GREATEST PERIL Sir Stephen Carleton enjoys his many female admirers-until he dedicates himself to winning the lovely Isobel. So when a threat against the king leads Isobel into mortal danger, Stephen has a chance to prove that he is more than a knight of pleasure...and that love can conquer all.	2009	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780753823859	Vie En Rose	Jamie Ivey		In Jamie Ivey's sequel to the delightful Extremely Pale Rose he finds out whether it is possible to run a successful rose bar in France. French friends think it's a crazy idea. The customers will be largely men; rose is seen as a woman's drink; rose is a seasonal drink and Jamie's trade will vanish come September - and most bars make their money from food, and rose isn't supposed to accompany food.And yet, France seems to be on the brink of a rose revolution. Red and white wine sales are stagnant but rose sales are booming. If Jamie can find a small bar in a pretty square and chalk up a daily selection of different roses, then a rose bar could be a great success. What he needs to do is find the right bar. After a little persuasion, bars in Uzes, Aix en Provence and Nimes agree to help Jamie sell some rose, and by working in these bars, Jamie discovers what the French attitude to rose really is. Are gnarled old men discarding their pastis and sipping pale rose? Is it just a myth that the French don't drink rose with food? Are the young the real reason for booming sales?Jamie set off at the beginning of June to visit some of the vignerons he met in the first book on his way south. He has bought a bar hidden in the hills of the Luberon, and will do it up over the winter months. He will then try to sell enough rose during the summer to tide him over to the spring.For all who enjoyed Extremely Pale Rose, and envied Jamie and Tanya Ivey's researches, La Vie En Rose is the perfect second glass.	2008-06-16	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9781409115670	Lady Gaga,Just Dance - The Biography	Helia Phoenix		Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, better know as Lady Gaga, was always destined to be different. She was a talented musician as a child, learning piano at age 4, and writing her first ballad at age of 13. But she turned her back on the world of typical teenage girls, instead running off to party hard, make friends with gogo dancers and drag queens, much to the despair of her parents. But she was a born performer, and destined to be on the stage, no matter what.Forget the fake, wannabee starlets who become famous overnight just because some record company exec thinks they can make a ton of money - Gaga earned her success the hard way, working night after night at sleazy bars and clubs, performing at every club in New York, getting booed offstage - and then finding herself - as a singer, a dancer, a performer - as an artist. She's shocked the public with her crazy outfits, individual sense of style and headstrong manner. This is one girl who says what she thinks, and doesn't care if you like it or not. She's sold millions of records, performed to millions of people and won hearts with her brashness and honesty. And now, she's just trying to change the world - one sequin at a time. Here, read the incredible story of the artist that is Lady Gaga. It's Fierce!	2010-03-01	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780340748275	Lancashire lass	Anna Jacobs		Seventeen-year-old Liza is happy working as a lady's maid - until her employers decide to emigrate and her father makes up his mind that she is to wed an older widower whom she detests. Determined to avoid a loveless marriage, Liza plans to run away, and when the widower rapes her in order to force her to marry him, she flees back to the family for whom she worked, and they all set out on the long voyage to Australia. On board ship Liza realises she has fallen pregnant, and that even if she can survive the journey, the demanding life of a settler in 1850s Western Australia will be made even harder by an illegitimate child. But Liza is to find that in addition to deprivation of the worst sort, Australia will offer her opportunities she could never have dreamt of back home in Lancashire.	2001-02-01	Coronet		English				ZZZ000000
9780340748299	Lancashire legacy	Anna Jacobs		At eighteen Cathie longs for more than life as a settler in the Australian bush. She accepts her uncle's offer to send her to England and runs away from her family, not realising he is using her to get revenge on his sister Liza. Attacked at the docks in Liverpool, Cathie takes refuge with the man who saved her, a man who has his own troubles. But as she slowly regains her memory and meets her Lancashire relatives, she must confront the legacy of her mother's past. And even in 1876, the same wealthy families who forced her mother to leave Lancashire are still powerful enough to threaten Cathie's happiness and safety, as well as that of anyone close to her.	2002-03-14	Coronet		English				ZZZ000000
9780821257142	Las Vegas,an unconventional history	Michelle Ferrari&Stephen Ives		From Mormon missionaries to mega-casinos, from Bugsy Siegel to Wayne Newton, and from natural springs to atomic blasts, this companion book to a three-hour PBS "American Experience "documentary presents 100 years of sin, gin, and din. 250 images.	2005-10-20	Bulfinch Press		English				ZZZ000000
9780349109435	The last English king	Julian Rathbone		On the Sussex Downs in 1066, the psychotic William and his gang of European mercenaries began the process which fragmented a civilisation. Walt, the last of King Harold's bodyguards, the one who survived Hastings, wanders across Asia Minor in the company of Quint, an intellectual renegade monk. On the way he unfolds the events that led up to the battle which affected the destinies of every English man and woman. With rare skill, Rathbone vividly recreates a civilisation that stubbornly remains alive in the collective memory to this day, and so identifies the roots of the still-held belief that every English person is born free and should stay free. Tender romance, savage war, courtly intrigue and some wry humour combine to make The Last English King an exhilarating roller-coaster ride into our past.	1998	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780304367238	Last Round,The Red Caps, the Paras and the Battle of Majar	Mark Nicol		Mark Nicol investigates how two apparently routine missions led to the British Army's heaviest losses in combat since the Falklands War - at one point the Paras were just 100 metres from the Redcaps' location yet did not know they were there. Just as tragically, neither did the British Battle Group's commanders who orchestrated the fated rescue mission.	2007-04-01	Cassell Military		English				ZZZ000000
9780446538947	Laura Rider's Masterpiece	Jane Hamilton		Laura and Charlie Rider have been married for twelve years. They share their nursery business in rural Wisconsin, their love for their animals, and their zeal for storytelling. Although Charlie's enthusiasm in the bedroom has worn Laura out, although she no longer sleeps with him, they are happy enough going along in their routine. Jenna Faroli is the host of a popular radio show, and in Laura's mind is "the single most famous person in the Town of Dover." When Jenna happens to cross Charlie's path one day, and they begin an e-mail correspondence, Laura cannot resist using Charlie to try out her new writing skills. Together, Laura and Charlie craft florid, strangely intimate messages that entice Jenna in an unexpected way. The "project" quickly spins out of control. The lines between Laura's words and Charlie's feelings are blurred and complicated, Jenna is transformed in ways that deeply disturb her, and Laura is transformed in her mind's eye into an artist. The transformations are hilarious and poignant, and for Laura Rider, beyond her wildest expectations.	2010-03-26	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780297843924	Le Gavroche,ten recipes from one of the world's great restaurants	Michel Roux		The creation of Albert and Michel Roux, Le Gavroche opened in 1967. At the time, it was the only restaurant of its kind - serving classical French food with the highest standards of cooking and service - in London. Now run by Michel Roux Jr., it retains its two Michelin stars, and continues those high standards for which it has always been famous.Michel Roux Jr's style is 'modern French' - classical French cooking with a lighter and less rich approach, and subtly influenced by Mediterranean and Asian flavours and ingredients. This critically acclaimed book is a unique slice of culinary history - a selection of the best of Le Gavroche's cooking over the last thirty years with ten delicious seasonal recipes carefully chosen for cooking at home.	2005-04-14	Weidenfeld & Nicolson		English				ZZZ000000
9780446676786	Leading with the Heart,Coach K's Successful Strategies for Basketball, Business, and Life	Mike Krzyzewski&Donald T. Phillips		In his more than twenty years coaching the Blue Devils, Coach Mike Krzyzewski has made his program the most admired in the nation, with back-to-back national championships in '91, '92, and again in 2001, and ten Final Four appearances since 1986. Now, in Leading with the Heart, Coach K talks about leadership-how you earn it, how you practice it, and how you use it to move your organization to the top. From the importance of trust, communication, and pride, to the commitment a leader must make to his team, this inspiring book is a must-read for anyone who loves college basketball-or who simply wants to win in any competitive environment today.	2001-03-01	Warner Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749643881	Recycled!	Jillian Powell		Miss Drew's class is learning all about recycling. They collect old bottles, cans, newspapers, and lots more. Imagine their surprise when all the garbage starts to disappear.	2001-10-11	Franklin Watts		English				ZZZ000000
9780752842837	Leaving Eden	Anne D. LeClaire		Tallie Brock dreams of leaving her hometown of Eden, going to Hollywood and becoming a star. Her mother used to say 'the sky's the limit' - but that was before she left home to make a movie in Los Angeles and returned six months later without whispering a word about it.Now her mother is gone, and Tallie works part-time at the Klip-N-Kurl beauty parlour. So when the Klip-N-Kurl announces it's having a Glamour Day, Tallie thinks this might just be her ticket out of Eden. Instead, it is the start of a journey of heartbreak and discovery that begins and ends with Tallie's own mother ...LEAVING EDEN is a wonderfully compelling novel focusing on the secrets, dreams and love that bind a mother and a daughter.	2003	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780446695343	Leaving Whiskey Bend	Dorothy Garlock		The new novel from the Voice of America's Heartland, Dorothy Garlock. In l890 two friends, middle-aged Pearl and pretty, young schoolteacher Hallie, have just about decided to leave the rough Western town of Whiskey Bend, where both are disillusioned with the way they have been treated. The final straw comes when they witness their friend Mary being assaulted in the street by her stepbrother Chester and no one steps forward to help her. They decide to leave and take Mary with them. They go out to the shack where Chester and Mary live to get her, but when Chester attacks them, Pearl shoots him in the leg. He screams after the three that he will follow them wherever they go. Desperately they drive away in an open wagon seeking a new life and safety. One night along the way they are caught in a violent storm and Mary nearly drowns in a roiling river. She is saved by a daring young rancher who brings them back to his home to stay until Mary recovers. The rancher has troubles of his own. He is condemned by his mother for having left his father to run the ranch alone years earlier. He is searching for the murderer of his younger brother. And someone now is trying to kill him. Attracted to him and grateful, Hallie vows to help him.	2008-11-13	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780747242192	Legacy of sins	Anne Baker		-~Your mother was a naughty girl. She sinned.' Aunt Maud's cruel words shock Rosie Quest, but they also explain the hostility that surrounds her on the run-down Wirral farm: no wonder her aunt resents having had to take in an illegitimate child. It's quite a relief to escape to her job at Shearing's garment factory, even though Beatrice Shearing is a tough employer. But when Rosie catches the eye of Ben Shearing, Beatrice is having none of it: her son is too good for a factory girl. When she fails to halt the romance by conventional methods, Beatrice resolves to try more drastic tactics, even if that means uncovering secrets best left buried...	1993-12-02	Headline		English				FIC027000
9780806531113	Legally Stoned,14 Mind-Altering Substances You Can Obtain and Use Without Breaking the Law	Todd A. Thies		A clear, comprehensive guide to legally obtaining several psychoactive substances and using them to alter consciousness, "Legally Stoned" is the first how-to book for legal drug use. The author also discusses the social and political aspects of legal drug use. bw photographs.	2009	Citadel Press		English				ZZZ000000
9780349115535	Leni,The Life and Work of Leni Riefenstahl	Steven Bach		Leni Riefenstahl is one of the most fascinating and controversial personalities of the twentieth century. Best known as 'Hitler's filmmaker', Riefenstahl made two documentaries, OLYMPIA and TRIUMPH OF THE WILL, acknowledged to be among the greatest films ever made. But they are insidious glorifications of the Adolf Hitler and the Third Reich.Drawing on new primary sources - recordings of Riefenstahl herself, interviews with her colleagues and intimate friends - Steven Bach puts the lie to her lifelong portrayal of herself as an apolitical artist who knew nothing of the Holocaust, firmly denying her connection to the Nazi regime that she had helped to promote. The facts speak for themselves: Riefenstahl's passionate involvement with the Nazis from their earliest days; the secret agreements that financed her career and supported her in later life; her visits to concentration camps and use of slave labour courtesy of the Third Reich - and more.This is an exceptional work of historical investigation, an objective but unsparing appraisal of a woman of great talent who was corrupted by ruthless ambition.	2008-06-26	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780340993712	Leona	Leona Lewis&Leona		Leona's life is a real-life fairytale. Three years ago she was an ordinary girl with an incredible voice, working as a daydreaming waitress and wondering if she would ever have a chance to sing. She then made the life-changing decision to audition for The X Factor and the show completely transformed her life. Leona has since become one of the biggest stars in the world, with record-breaking hits, countless awards under her belt and adored by her millions of fans. Now, she will tell her story for the first time and share what it's really like to go from a normal girl to a global superstar. From growing up in Hackney, discovering her remarkable talent, the gruelling X Factor auditions, working with Simon Cowell and coping with international success; Leona has an amazing story to share. Packed with exclusive behind-the-scenes photographs of the stunning star, this book gives you a personal insight into life behind the headlines and reveals exactly what it feels like when all your dreams come true.	2009	Hodder & Stoughton Canada		English				BIO005000
9780340923986	Let Me Eat Cake	Paul Arnott		From the moment the six-year-old Paul Arnott sampled the contents of Tate & Lyle's magnificent green and gold tin of Golden Syrup, it was love. As he looks back over his life as a constant enthusiast, an occasional connoisseur and a relentless collector of sweet sensations, he remembers the Great Royal Icing Disaster of '72, High Tea at Buckingham Palace, Seb Coe and Treacle Tart, and discusses the legal implications of cake-naming in Vienna. Inevitably, such dedication to sweet stuff has taken its toll ndash; which is how Paul found himself dressed as Father Christmas, no padding required. But this is not a man who believes that eating cake is a sin. It's an indulgence. And the experiences that cause every extra pound should be revered and celebrated.	2007-09-06	SCEPTRE		English				ZZZ000000
9780755324668	Let the Bells Ring	Anne Baker		A warm and nostalgic saga set in wartime Merseyside. Hannah and her mother Esme are lucky to escape when their home is destroyed during a bombing raid. Forced to move in with Esme's difficult sister-in-law, they make the best of things, and soon Hannah falls for the boy next door, Eric Goodwin. But Esme's worried; she's always been afraid of Eric's father Arnold, and she suspects that Eric is a chip off the old block, full of charm but up to no good. Is innocent Hannah being drawn into an unpredictable and dangerous world of crime?	2006-05-01	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780758219763	Let's Get It On	Cheris Hodges		From the author of "Just Can't Get Enough." After a woman and her former college sweetheart are reunited, he's ready to do whatever it takes to win back her trust--and her heart. Original.	2008-07-29	Dafina Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781844085705	Letters from a Lost Generation	Mark Bostridge&Alan Bishop		'Nothing in the papers, not the most vivid and heart-rending descriptions, have made me realise war like your letters' Vera Brittain to Roland Leighton, 17 April 1915.This selection of letters, written between 1913 & 1918, between Vera Brittain and four young men - her fiance Roland Leighton, her brother Edward and their close friends Victor Richardson & Geoffrey Thurlow present a remarkable and profoundly moving portrait of five young people caught up in the cataclysm of total war.Roland, 'Monseigneur', is the 'leader' & his letters most clearly trace the path leading from idealism to disillusionment. Edward, ' Immaculate of the Trenches', was orderly & controlled, down even to his attire. Geoffrey, the 'non-militarist at heart' had not rushed to enlist but put aside his objections to the war for patriotism's sake. Victor on the other hand, possessed a very sweet character and was known as 'Father Confessor'. An important historical testimony telling a powerful story of idealism, disillusionment and personal tragedy.	2009-01-13	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9781841490168	Liar's oath	Elizabeth Moon		Paksenarrion was the finest paladin her world would ever see. But she could never have fulfilled her destiny had it not been for one who came before: Gird, the Liberator.When Gird leads his peasant army against their mageborn rulers, he knows that his sworn follower Luap is the king's bastard son. But in spite of his oath to seek no throne and to renounce his heritage, Luap cannot forget his past. And when he discovers a distant land that he can reach by magic, his loyalties are divided. What harm would it do if he were to break his oath and crown himself king of this far-off place? Deep in the western mountains, in a sanctuary abandoned by the elder races, Luap will find out - as will those who follow him.	2000-12-07	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9781559708531	Life and death are wearing me out,a novel	Yan Mo&Howard Goldblatt		The hero-or antihero-of Mo Yan's new novel is Ximen Nao, a landowner known for his generosity and kindness and benevolence to his peasants, but who in Mao's Land Reform Movement of 1948 was not only stripped of his land and worldly possessions but cruelly executed, despite his protestations of innocence. The novel opens in Hell, where Lord Yama, king of the underworld, has Ximen Nao tortured endlessly, trying to make him admit his guilt, to no avail. Finally, in disgust, Lord Yama allows Ximen Nao to return to earth, to his own farm, where he is reborn not, alas, as a human but first as a donkey, then a horse, a pig, a monkey, and finally the big-headed boy Lan Qiansui. Through the unique perspectives of the various animals, Ximen Nao narrates fifty years of peasant history in China, ending on the eve of the new millennium. An absolutely riveting tale that reveals the author's love of the land, which is beset by so many ills, political, traditional, and modern.	2008-03-19	Arcade Pub.		English				ZZZ000000
9780749950095	The Life and Death of Planet Earth,How the New Science of Astrobiology Charts the Ultimate Fate of Our World	Peter Ward&Donald Brownlee		"This is the first real biography of the Earth - not only a brilliant portrait of the emergence and evolution of life on this planet, but a vivid and frightening look at Earth's remote future. Peter Ward and Donald Brownlee combine storytelling power with extreme scientific care, and their narrative is as transfixing as any of H.G. Wells's fantasies, but more enthralling, for Ward and Brownlee have real power to prognosticate. This is a book that makes one shiver, but also inspires one to wonder how humanity (if we survive in the short term) will fare in the distant future." Oliver SachsPeter Ward and Don Brownlee, a geologist and an astronomer respectively, are in the vanguard of the new field of astrobiology. Combining their knowledge of the evolution of life on our planet with their understanding of the life cycles of stars and solar systems, the authors tell the awe-inspiring story of the second half of Earth's life. The process of planetary evolution will essentially reverse itself; life as we know it will subside until only the simplest forms remain. The oceans will evaporate, and as the sun slowly expands, Earth itself will eventually meet a fiery end.	2007-08-02	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781603202503	Life Picture Puzzle Gift Set	Life Magazine		Three favorite editions in one slipcased gift collection! From the popular "LIFE" Picture Puzzle series comes a three-volume set of "LIFE Picture Puzzle, LIFE Original Picture Puzzle," and "LIFE Amazing Picture Puzzle."Hachette Book Group USA	2007-10-16	Time, Incorporated Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9780751537499	Life Sentences	Alice Blanchard		Daisy Hubbard is a genetic researcher with a mission in life - finding a cure for the rare condition that killed her brother at the age of six. But it's her schizophrenic sister, Anna, who concerns Daisy now - Anna has gone missing from her home in Los Angeles, and bloodstains have been found in her apartment.Daisy flies from Boston to meet LAPD detective Jack Makowski - and learns that a serial killer has confessed to Anna's murder. He will only reveal the location of the body if he can lead Daisy to it himself. But the first body he takes her to isn't her sister's. Nor is the second. Could Anna still be alive?	2008	Penguin		English				FIC030000
9780340954959	Life with God,A Life-transforming New Approach to Bibe Reading	Richard Foster		LIFE WITH GOD is Richard Foster's first major new work for nearly a decade and is of similar magnitude to his classics: PRAYER, CELEBRATION OF DISCIPLINE and STREAMS OF LIVING WATER.The starting point of LIFE WITH GOD is that so many of us want to make the Bible the foundation of our way of life, but struggle to make sense of this huge, apparently disjointed book. Why is that Christians try so hard to place the Bible at the centre of their lives, but in reality get very little from it in terms of genuine life-transforming practice? Richard Foster believes that it is because we fail to grasp the overriding coherent message of the Bible ndash; that all of Scripture is unified around the theme of living a vibrant and dynamic life with God. Breaking up history into fifteen epochs that reveal the unfolding of God's plan for seeking out a relationship with us, Foster sees the Bible as 'the loving heart of God made visible and plain.'Readers will discover a whole new way to read Scripture, making it a doorway to a lifestyle we can master, rather than merely knowledge we understand.	2009-04-16	Hodder And Stoughton Ltd.		English				ZZZ000000
9780749928377	Life-Changing Weight Loss,3 Steps to Get the Body and Life You Want	Amanda Hamilton&Sandy Newbigging		FITNESS & DIET. Reveals a unique way to attain your ideal weight - for life! Traditional dieting can actually make your body more toxic, leading to long-term weight gain and health problems. Leading detox experts Amanda Hamilton and Sandy Newbigging show you how to harness the power of your body and mind to achieve significant, long-lasting weight loss. Their simple three-step plan - Discover, Resolve and Enjoy - will help you to reach your target weight and regain your health and vitality. This practical book gives you the tools to resolve the root causes of your current weight - such as chemical calories, toxic habits, food addictions and emotional baggage. Once you have tackled these, you move on to the 7-day kickstart programme. This combines over 40 simple, tasty recipes with easy exercise and effective mind techniques. Sandy and Amanda provide plenty of tips on how to boost your progress and maximise your results.	2008-05-29	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781933821153	America the beautiful,a photographic journey, coast to coast - and beyond	Robert Sullivan&Editors of Life Magazine		We are living in a land that is everywhere rich with beauty and wonders. LIFE is fortunate that these stunning settings have attracted many of the country's--indeed, the world's--most talented scenic photographers. From the awe-inspiring work of Ansel Adams to the jaw-dropping photography of Galen Rowell to the serene pastorals of Joel Meyerowitz and Michael Melford, this is art of a high order. And their subjects are incomparable: The Grand Canyon, Big Sur. Yosemite, Yellowstone, sublime Nantucket island, the San Francisco skyline, the Amish country of Pennsylvania and Ohio--100 beautiful sites in all. In words and pictures, LIFE takes you there.As a special bonus, America the Beautiful includes a print of one of Ansel Adams' finest scenics, suitable for framing. This is a rich and beautiful book about a beautiful land. Our land. America.	2007-10-09	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9781933405940	Life: One Nation,America Remembers September 11, 2001	Editors of Life Magazine&Rudolph W. Giuliani		Honoring the fifth anniversary of the terrorist attacks, a visual documentary offers a photographic account of the events of September 11, 2001, the rescue efforts in the days following the attacks, and the response of a nation united in sadness, pride, and resolve, and features a new section that looks back on the events of the past five years. Reprint.	2006-08-29	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9781603207683	Life Picture Puzzle Animals	Robert Sullivan		Provides a collection of puzzles of increasing difficulty levels that challenge the reader to spot the differences between photographs featuring animals.	2008-08-19	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9781603208048	Life Picture Puzzle Mysteries	Editors of Life Magazine		Everyone likes to solve a puzzle, especially when murder and mayhem are on the line. We'll set up the scene for you to solve whether it be real life photos you've never seen before, images from actual crime scenes and forensic laboratories, pictures of the favorite haunts of notorious criminals, as well as clips from your favorite movies and TV shows - but you'll have to find the clues hidden in the Spot-the-Difference puzzles. With puzzles that will lure first time players as well as ones that will daunt the most experienced puzzle masters, LIFE Picture PuzzleMysteries is sure to delight players of all ages.	2009-11-10	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9781603207690	Life: Picture Puzzle Vacation	LIFE MAGAZINE EDITORS		From the popular "LIFE" Picture Puzzle series comes a new volume categorized according to level of difficulty with a suggested completion time included for serious puzzlers. LIFE	2008-04-15	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9781603207539	Life: The Amazing Picture Puzzle,Can You Spot the Differences?	Editors of Life Magazine		From the popular "LIFE" Picture Puzzle series comes a new volume categorized according to level of difficulty with a suggested completion time included for serious puzzlers. LIFE	2007-10-30	Time Inc		English				ZZZ000000
9781929049851	Life: The Power and the Glory,An Illustrated History of the United States Military	Life Magazine&Bob Dole		LIFE brings you the illustrated history of the U.S. Military with a stirring introduction by the heroic war veteran Senator Bob Dole. Here is the story of the American Military in pictures, from George Washington's Continental Army to the ground troops in Afghanistan, from John Paul Jones and the Bonhomme Richard to the deck of the USS Eisenhower stationed in the Gulf. The action photography is here -+ Robert Capa's famous images from the Normandy beaches, June 6, 1944 -+ and some surprises as well (Alfred Eisenstaedt's marvelous photo essay on West Point from LIFE's second-ever issue, re-run here on the occasion of the Academy's 200th birthday). The histories of the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines are detailed, and the heroes are profiled. The spirit is stirred in this LIFE book.	2002-08-14	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9780752804026	Lights Out Liverpool	Maureen Lee		As Britain stands alone against a monstrous enemy, the inhabitants of Pearl Street face hardship and heartbreak with courage and humor. The war touches each of them in a different way: for Annie Poulson, a widow, it means neverending worry when her twin boys are called up and sent to France, and Sheila Reilly's husband, Cal, faces the terror of U-Boat attack. And Jessica Fleming, down on her luck, is forced to return to the street she'd hoped never to see again.	1996-08-01	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780752859781	Like an Evening Gone	Jeannie Johnson		The Strong family are wealthy, arrogant, decadent, and ruthless, with a string of sugar plantations in Barbados, a stately home near Bristol, and ambitions to control the refining of sugar in that city. But in a single night, the actions of one generation alter the family's legacy for ever. The three Strong brothers are overseeing their inheritance in the West Indies. In this balmy, tropical setting, an ugly situation is fuelled by Barbados rum, a murder is committed, and a child conceived. And the repercussions of this fatal night have a violent domino effect which reaches down through generations.	2004-11-01	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780752893204	Lipstick and Powder	Sally Worboyes		Anna has everything to make her happy - a husband, a lovely little house in Bethnal Green, two much-longed-for twin baby boys. But recently her husband Frank has been acting differently. He's started coming home late, drinking more heavily. More than once Anna has been sure she's caught a whiff of perfume on his shirts. When confronted, Frank brushes Anna's cautious questions aside, but somehow, Anna knows deep down that something is wrong in their marriage. Anna's sisters run an upmarket escort agency from a fine Victorian house nearby. It can be a risky business, but watching the carefree, laughter-filled banter of the women who work there, Anna begins to long for the girl she once was. Does being a wife and mother really mean that her dancing days are over? Maybe not. Old family friend Rob, a policeman who walks a fine line between right and wrong, is keen to show Anna a good time, even if her husband isn't...	2008-11-24	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780752867366	Three Great Novels 2,"The Next Accident", "The Survivor's Club", "The Killing Hour"	Lisa Gardner		THE NEXT ACCIDENT: Pierce Quincy is haunted by his daughter's death in a drink-driving accident. He knew all about his daughter's problems with alcohol and about her loneliness. And so, he is sure, did the man who killed her...THE SURVIVORS CLUB: Three women band together to survive a horrific crime. The rapist left an indelible mark on all their lives and now each must live with the consequences. But when he's murdered on his way to trial, the police find all three women had reason to want him dead. But which one killed him?THE KILLING HOUR: For three summers, the residents of Atlanta have been gripped by terror when the temperature creeps up to a hundred. For with the relentless heat comes a vicious killer. Every time he takes two girls. Each time he leaves the first body to be discovered, with all the clues investigators need to find the second girl. But the police are never in time. As another heatwave descends, the game begins again...	2004-12-20	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780340864258	Listening to God	Joyce Huggett		When we seek his voice, God is far from silent. In this profound spiritual testimony, Joyce Huggett draws on many years' experience of prayerfully listening to God to offer practical guidance and advice for anyone seeking a new dimension of prayer. Offering encouragement to start out on the journey, she tackles common difficulties honestly, and points towards a thrilling new relationship with God. This book, described as 'a spiritual classic' has over twenty years provided invaluable help to many thousands of people seeking greater depth in their spiritual life. This revised edition contains a new chapter looking at what we can learn from the different streams of Christian spirituality.	2006-10-01	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781601620507	Little Black Girl Lost	Keith Lee Johnson		In this fifth installment, Johnson tells the harrowing and compelling story of Johnnie Wise's first ancestor to come to the new world.	2008-05-01	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9781601620378	Little Black Girl Lost 2	Keith Lee Johnson		After the success of "Little Black Girl Lost," Johnson returns to 1950s New Orleans, into the world of betrayal, envy, lust, and murder, and where everyone has ulterior motives.	2008-08-26	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780600608066	Little Book of Exotic Cocktails	Hamlyn		- Over 50 sensational cocktails with an exotic twist to make your party go with an extra bang.- With exploding colors and fantastic taste combinations, there is something special in every recipe to both surprise and delight.- From the creamy Silk Stocking to sophisticated originals such as the Parisien and Mockingbird, there is something for everyone, whatever the occasion.	2003-09	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780749951610	The Little Book of Parking Tickets	Steven Appleby&George Mole		As everyone knows, the parking ticket is the most serious threat to individual liberty, an everyday symbol of the arbitrary power of government. It's your duty to fight back, and with the help of Steven Appleby and George Mole, you'll be able to transform all that anger and frustration into personal growth and achievement. The Little Book of Parking Tickets will not only teach you to talk your way out of fines and escape prosecution, but reclaim your piece of mind and your parking space! What's more, it will turn the weapon of your enemy into your shield. Carefully crafted tickets let you become your own parking warden: choose one, slip it under the wiper blade of a suitable vehicle and retreat unseen to a safe distance! Complete with a potted history of parking (citations from biblical, mediaeval and renaissance eras, as well as The Golden Age of Parking), as well as a collection of tickets from other lands (and beyond), this is the ultimate gift for any driver, or passenger, on your list. (Now go move your car.)	2007-11-08	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780600601432	Little Book of Rum Cocktails	Hamlyn		From Cuba Libres and Bahaman Punch to an Acapulco Gold and Blue Hawaiian: nothing makes a tropical treat like a touch of rum. Go Coco Loco with these 50 rum recipes, inspired by cultures throughout the world. Here are the classics, such as the Mai Tai abd Lanter's Cocktail; summery, fruity daiquiris with banana, strawberry, apricot, or melon; popular modern cocktails like Long Island Iced Tea; and even a nice hot buttered rum to warm a blustery evening.	2000-09-01	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780600601456	Little book of tequila cocktails	Wayne Collins		Of course you can have a Margarita - there's more than one recipe for that - but don't stop there! Tequila can do so much more, and here are the cocktails to prove it. Pour yourself a Brooklyn Bomber, a Forest Fruit, or a Honey Water. Honor the home of this Mexican liquor by whipping up a Pancho Villa or Azteca, and see how the Martini changes when it becomes a Tequini. Whether it's a Tequila Sunrise or a Blue Moon, you'll make it perfectly.	2000-09-01	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780600601449	Little Book of Vodka Cocktails	Hamlyn		Nostrovya! Raise your glass and cheer the vodka cocktail, whether in its classic version, done up in party style, or intriguingly fruity and exotic. Honor tradition with a timeless Bloody Mary, Black or creamy White Russian, Harvey Wallbanger, or Bullshot. Let the good times roll with a Cosmopolitan, Vodka sour, or wellnamed Head-over-Heels. For something unusual, try a Vodka Caipirinha, a delicious twist on Brazil's national drink, or a Melon Ball. Every one is delicious!	2000-09-01	Hamlyn		English				ZZZ000000
9780749922474	The little book of women's wisdom	Judy Ashberg		>The Little Book of Women's Wisdom> is the perfect gift book for all ages. It includes over 150 inspirational ideas and insights which will give you wise guidance and healing for all areas of your life.Divided into five sections: understanding yourself, parents and children, relationships, personal growth, and happiness and inner peace, this delightful giftbook offers something for every woman. >The Little Book of Women's Wisdom> will help you to live your life with more love, joy and understanding.	2001-09-06	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780340788493	Thing!	Mick Inkpen		Kipper is having a sort out and finds a 'thing' which turns out to be a bubble-blower, boat-catcher and hair-dryer all in one! Created by master storyteller, Mick Inkpen, there is a whole range of Kipper books to choose from: classic picture books, TV tie in picture books, novelty board books, sticker books, pop up books and much much more.	2001-04-19	Hodder Children's		English				ZZZ000000
9780446579254	Live Your Joy	Bonnie St. John		Joy is something that comes from the inside out. It feels like a flowing grace, a feeling of goodness all around, a sense of well-being through good and bad. It is love, gratitude, faith and empowerment all wrapped together. Joy deepens our experiences. It opens us to seeing a more beautiful sunset, appreciating rather than fault finding, to believing in oneself.Here are some of the things Bonnie St. John has learned about finding joy...Discover the power of your own dreams and personal vision. Each day make the choice of joy over bitterness. Strengthen you self-confidence...shape yourself, don't let others shape you Clarify what matters most to you Allow spontaneous, surprising gifts of joy to redirect your schedule. Partner with God...the entire power of the universe is on our side. Become more helping, more healing and more accepting .None of this is easy and Bonnie admits that she's not able to live her joy every minute of every day. But she does so now more often than she used to. And, more often than she used to, she feels love from others, feels compassion in painful situations, and lives more fully and joyfully.	2009-04-28	FaithWords		English				ZZZ000000
9780749924560	The live-longer diet,secrets of the world's longest-living people	Sally Beare		The natural lifespan of humans is about 120 years. Today, we are living longer than ever before, and thanks to scientific progress, many of us can expect to live to 100 or more. However, many of us shudder at the thought, knowing that we are likely to be plagued with diseases of ageing such as cancer, heart disease, and stroke for our final years or decades. Pharmaceuticals companies have spent billions of dollars on their search for a cure for ageing and the diseases it brings with it, with no luck so far. Yet there are places in the world where, all along, people have commonly been living to 100 or more without suffering so much as a headache. How do they do it? The answer is simple: through dietary and lifestyle habits. Secrets of Eternal Youth looks at the secrets of the five most remarkable longevity hotspots of the world Okinawa, Symi, Campodimele, Hunza and Bama. Sally Beare then explains how we can incorporate these secrets of health and longevity into our everyday lives. Included are 25 delicious, authentic local recipes for you to try yourself.	2003-12-31	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780747251743	Liverpool Songbird	Lyn Andrews		Alice O'Connor's poor family lives in the heart of Liverpool's toughest slum. Her bullying father drinks away what little he earns, whilst Nelly, her careworn mother, works when she can and begs when she can't. Since she was five young Alice has also begged in the streets around the docks but she has managed to hold on to the hope of something better, a stubborn optimism that keeps her head held high even in her lowest moments. For Alice knows she has a gift that allows her to rise above the fate that made her life so bitterly hard. Alice O'Connor can sing like an angel... It's a gift that will take her far though it is to Liverpool she will always return. But is it enough to bring her the success she needs and the love and happiness she so desperately craves?	1996-08-08	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9781844084531	Lives Like Loaded Guns,Emily Dickinson and Her Family's Feuds	Lyndall Gordon		Though in her lifetime only ten of Emily Dickinson's poems were published, her death revealed 1,789 poems, many of them in hand-sewn booklets, secreted in a locked chest. She is now regarded as one of the greatest poets of all time, but she has come down to us as a woman disappointed in love, an odd and pathetic woman who dressed in white and shut herself away. Lyndall Gordon sees instead her volcanic character - 'a soul at White Heat' - a mystic and lover whose family harboured a hothouse drama of sex, scandal and devastating betrayal. Emily Dickinson was a woman beyond her time who found love, spiritual quickening and immortality all on her own terms: she wrote 'My Life had Stood - a Loaded Gun'. Here is an explosive genius.	2010-03-01	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780749924973	Living Druidry,Magical Spirituality for the Wild Soul	Emma Restall Orr		In this text, the author opens the doorway to this powerful and ancient spirituality in a way that is both accessible and inspiring. It guides the reader to find their own vision, and their own deep, personal, ecstatic relationship with nature.	2004-07-31	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340909348	Living in God's Love	Billy Graham		Billy Graham's now legendary first New York Crusade in 1957 was a touchstone that affected an entire generation. Over the subsequent half-century, he has become the world's greatest-known living preacher, celebrated for his faithful, humble devotion to God and his unrivalled ability to transform hearts and lives with the power of the Gospel. In June 2005 he returned to New York for what was expected to be his final major crusade. Living in God's Love records the entire transcript of his three addresses: 'You Must Be Born Again', 'The Rich Young Ruler' and 'When Christ Comes Again'. Each talk is classic Billy Graham: simple, clear, direct and biblical. Living in God's Love also contains an original Introduction and Afterword written by Dr Graham specifically for this book, a Foreword by his daughter Anne Graham Lotz and the transcripts of all the altar calls and other stage addresses from the New York event. This attractively-priced hardback is a tribute to one of God's greatest and most faithful servants, and is a must-have book for all who have admired the man and his ministry.	2006-06-15	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781841812656	Living the Zen Arts,Meditation*Martial Arts*Calligraphy*Flower-Arranging*The Art of Tea	Andy Baggott		Break away from the rush of getting and spending, and enter the ancient Zen practice of doing ordinary things in extraordinary ways. Breathtaking photos illustrate the beautiful mystery of Zen, while meditation instructions show how to sit and breathe so you can think with koans--spiritual paradoxes that create new ways to understand yourself and others. Then explore these energy sources: the way of the samurai as expressed in Aikido, Judo, Kendo, and Kyodo; language power with calligraphy and haiku; sacred spaces of rock gardens and flower arranging; and tea ceremonies that free your senses to awaken your spirit.	2006-08-01	Godsfield		English				ZZZ000000
9780749928605	Living Well with Pain and Illness,The Mindful Way to Free Yourself from Suffering	Vidyamala Burch		Vidyamala Burch has suffered with chronic pain for over 30 years due to congenital weakness, a car accident and unsuccessful surgery. She is now a wheelchair user. In this positive and reassuring new book, she identifies that it is our resistance to pain which causes it to be so distressing and miserable. We don't want it to be happening to us, and we wish we weren't experiencing it. LIVING WELL WITH PAIN AND ILLNESS is a practical guide to living with and managing chronic pain through the principle of mindfulness. By developing a calm awareness of your body and your pain, you can learn to let go of the frustration and suffering that you associate the pain with, and the pain will reduce.Vidyamala Burch uses easy-to follow breathing techniques and powerful mindfulness meditations which teach you how to live in the present moment. LIVING WELL WITH PAIN AND ILLNESS includes helpful illustrations, offers effective ways of managing chronic pain and is a must-read for all sufferers.	2008-11-06	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780860686118	The century's daughter	Pat Barker		Dauntless Liza Jarrett, born at the dawn of the twentieth century, is now in her eighties, frail and facing eviction with her cantankerous parrot Nelson, when she is visited by Stephen, a young gay social worker. As she learns to trust him, she recalls her life - her embittered, exhausted mother, her shell-shocked spiritualist husband, her beloved son and chaotic daugter. Their friendship, deepening with the unfolding of their stories, comes to sustain Liza through her last battle and brings new courage to Stephen.	1986	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9781844082483	Loitering with Intent	Muriel Spark		Art, reality and the strange waysthe two imitate one another are at the core of MurielSpark's delightful Loitering with Intent, first publishedin 1981.Would-be novelist Fleur Talbot works for the snooty,irascible Sir Quentin Oliver at the AutobiographicalAssociation, whose members are all at work on theirmemoirs. When her employer gets his hands on Fleur'snovel-in-progress, mayhem ensues when its scenes begincoming true.Generating hilarious turns of phrase and larger-than-life characters (especially Sir Quentin's batty mother),Spark's inimitable style make this literary joyridethoroughly appealing.	2007-05-29	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780755349388	London Bridges	James Patterson		This is the tenth book in the Alex Cross series. Alex Cross, FBI agent, is back in his most explosive adventure yet. And so is the Wolf. And so is the Weasel. Alex Cross is on vacation when he gets the call. A town in Nevada has been annihilated and the Russian super-criminal known as the Wolf is claiming responsibility. Major cities around the globe are threatened with total destruction and the thought of such dark genius at work makes Alex's blood run cold. Cross is catapulted into an international chase of astonishing danger. Full of the high-voltage action and enthralling intrigue for which James Patterson is best known, LONDON BRIDGES is an unforgettable thriller that will grip you from cover to cover.	2010	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780340897447	Lonely Teardrops	Freda Lightfoot		On the day of her beloved fathers funeral, Harriet's grandmother tells her that Joyce, the woman she has always called Mam, isnt her real mother after all. At least that explains why Joyce has always favoured Harriets brother, Grant blood is thicker than water. Her emotions in turmoil, Harriet discovers a streak of rebellion that puts into jeopardy everything she holds dear. Can she come back from the brink or will her life be full of lonely teardrops?	2008	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				FIC045000
9780749942830	Lonely Werewolf Girl	Martin Millar		She doesn't need anyone or anything - but they all want her . . .As teenage werewolf Kalix MacRinnalch is pursued through the streets of London by murderous hunters, her sister, the Werewolf Enchantress, is busy designing clothes for the Fire Queen. Meanwhile, in the Scottish Highlands, the MacRinnalch Clan is plotting and feuding after the head of the clan suddenly dies intestate. As the court intrigue threatens to explode in all-out civil war, the competing factions determine that Kalix is the swing vote necessary to assume leadership of the clan. Unfortunately, Kalix isn't really into clan politics - laudanum's more her thing. But what's even more unfortunate is that Kalix is the reason the head of the clan ended up dead, which is why she's now on the run in London . . .	2010	Piatkus Books		English				FIC009000
9781409103684	Long Lost	Harlan Coben		Myron is summoned to Paris at the behest of an old lover, Terese. She is in unspecified trouble and needs his help. When he gets there, he discovers that her husband has been murdered and she is the main suspect. The interesting thing is that more than one blood-type has been discovered at the scene - and the other blood can only be attributed to his daughter. But she died 10 years before. As Myron and Terese try to find out exactly what's going on, they uncover more and more questions. Did the daughter really die? Did Terese's husband have a further child with someone else? But when the truth is something no one expected . . .	2010-01-07	Orion Books Limited		English				FIC031000
9780755322794	Long Way Back	Brendan Halpin		When life deals you a blow, it's time to tune up that bass. As a teenager, Clare always suspected that her younger brother, Francis, was special: altar boys with a passion for the Ramones don't come along that often, but those who find themselves touched by a minor act of god? Almost never. Clare has never been able to deny her affection for him, and he makes a great ally against their uber-liberal, bean-eating parents. Ten years later, Clare and Francis are both settling down and carving out perfect lives for themselves, when tragedy brings Francis to his knees, and he needs his sister more than ever. The tears and soul-searching are pretty much what she expects; what she's less prepared for are the tattoos, the rock-chick crushes, and his determination to live out the punk rock dreams of his youth. But if playing Buzzcocks covers with a band called Happy Jack can heal him, she's not going to stand in his way.	2007-01-01	Headline		English				FIC000000
9780749932794	The long way home	Jessica Blair		Lydia Middleton faces a bright future, secure in the knowledge that her childhood sweetheart, David Drayton, will one day be her husband. Their parents heartily approve of a match between Whitby's foremost ship-owning families. But then Mr Middleton loses his fortune and later his life, and the Draytons reconsider. Lydia's uncle repossesses the family home and she is forced to leave Whitby.Her brother Luke finds a job in the new town of Middlesbrough and Lydia decides to accompany him and make her own way in life. But she vows that when her fortunes have changed she will return to her beloved home and exact a fitting revenge on her uncle. Driven by this desire, Lydia prospers but risks losing the most precious thing of all: the love of David, who has stayed faithful to her throughout their enforced separation. Vengeance or the path of true love - which will Lydia choose?	2002	Piatkus		English				FIC027000
9781585712847	Look Both Ways	Joan Early		Early presents a powerful and poignant tale that introduces a beautiful business executive who finds herself at odds with a crusading minister who captures her heart. Original.	2009-01-01	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780316289436	Lord Hornblower	Cecil Scott Forester		As his naval battles with Napoleon conclude, Horatio Hornblower must rescue a man he knows to be a tyrant from the mutiny of his crew.	1974	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780575094215	Lord of Light	Roger Zelazny		Imagine a distant world where gods walk as men, but wield vast and hidden powers. Here they have made the stage on which they build a subtle pattern of alliance, love, and deadly enmity. Are they truly immortal? Who are these gods who rule the destiny of a teeming world?Their names include Brahma, Kali, Krishna and also he who was called Buddha, the Lord of Light, but who now prefers to be known simply as Sam. The gradual unfolding of the story -- how the colonization of another planet became a re-enactment of Eastern mythology -- is one of the great imaginative feats of modern science fiction.	2010-05-01	Victor Gollancz Limited		English				FIC028000
9781841493534	Lord of the Shadows	Jennifer Fallon		The third volume in a fantasy trilogy.	2005-12-31	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9780450017094	Lord Peter views the body	Dorothy Leigh Sayers		One solution requires expertise in fine wines; another calls on his knowledge of fine art. Lord Peter has the knack of being on the spot at just the right time to spot a thief or blackmail a blackmailer. Or even prevent a murder . . . Whatever the occasion, the aristocratic detective uses his razor-sharp mind and unerring instincts to unmask the guilty and go to the aid of their victims.	1974	New English Library		English				ZZZ000000
9781842125854	Lost City of the Incas	Hiram Bingham		A special illustrated edition of Hiram Bingham's classic work captures all the magnificence and mystery of the amazing archeological sites he uncovered. Early in the 20th century, Bingham ventured into the wild and then unknown country of the Eastern Peruvian Andes--and in 1911 came upon the fabulous Inca city that made him famous: Machu Picchu. In the space of one short season he went on to discover two more lost cities, including Vitcos, where the last Incan Emperor was assassinated.	2003-10-28	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9781420104523	Lost in You	Alix Rickloff		In 1815 Cornwall, beyond the country balls and genteel society of Regency England lies another realm--a magical world where passion and peril collide, and two lovers face an impossible choice. Original.	2008-07-29	Zebra Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780719567094	Louis XVIII	Philip Mansel		Louis XVIII was the most European of the Kings of France. A grandson of Louis XV, born in Versailles in 1755, he escaped from Paris in 1791, disguised as an Englishman. He spent the following twenty - four years as an exile, in Germany, Italy, Russia, Poland, and finally, for seven years, in England. In 1814 he was restored to the throne. As King he renounced French conquests and followed a policy of 'union' with his fellow-monarchs in what he called 'the European system'. The interests of France and Britain, in particular, he considered 'as one'. Based on research throughout Europe, Louis XVIII describes not only the public figure, but also the private man, who compensated for a loveless and childless marriage by lavishing affection on male and female favourites. It is the only English biography of this great protagonist of the French Revolution and Empire, the last French monarch to die on the throne.	2005-10-13	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780753825914	Love and War in the Pyrenees,A Story of Courage, Fear and Hope, 1939-1944	Rosemary Bailey		Over the fifteen years Rosemary has been living in the region, the more she realised she didn't know about the war; about the French during the Occupation, the real role of the Resistance, the level of collaboration, the concentration camps in the Pyrenees and the treatment of Jews and other refugees. It is still very much a veiled history and most of the archives remain firmly closed.LOVE AND WAR IN THE PYRENEES is a portrait of human tragedy, heroism and cruelty that will create a picture of the period from a contemporary angle, the history linked to sights that can still be visited, and brought to life by letters, interviews and encounters with people today, including the historians currently trying to investigate what really happened.	2009-07-23	PHOENIX		English				ZZZ000000
9781585713554	Love in High Gear	Charlotte Roy		Born with everything, beautiful Tallulah "Talley" Quincy Pettifore is the kind of woman people envy, but her life is anything but perfect. Fleeing from an abusive and drug-addicted husband, Talley meets Cassius Coleman. While the two seem destined for each other, Talley's dark secrets threaten to engulf them both.	2009-09-01	Kensington Publishing Corporation		English				ZZZ000000
9781409102069	Love in the Country	Rebecca Shaw		When Seb joins Barleybridge, the last thing on his mind is romance. Keen to settle into his first real job and make a good impression he embraces the working life of a country vet. He has almost forgotten his high maintenance ex-girlfriend Carly and concentrates on settling down to a job he really loves. He is welcomed by the other members of the Practice and is soon contending with a menagerie of very diverse clients which take Seb on an incredibly steep learning curve. Seb is to find that his expertise with animals and their owners leads to a friendship with the upper-class Jilly and rather more than that with Maggie whose family is heartbroken when he diagnoses their alpacas with TB. But when a surprise meeting in the Practice itself turns his world upside down . . .	2009-08-20	Orion		English				FIC027000
9780749928759	Love is a Mix Tape,A Memoir	Rob Sheffield		In this stunning memoir, Rob Sheffield, a veteran rock and pop culture critic and staff writer for Rolling Stone magazine, tells the story of his musical coming of age, and how rock music, the first love of his life, led h to his second, a girl named Renee. Rob and Renee's life together - they wed after graduate school, both became music journalists, and were married only five years when Renee died suddenly on Mother's Day, 1997 - is shared through the window of the mix tapes they obsessively compiled. There are mixes to court each other, mixes for road trips, mixes for doing the dishes, mixes for sleeping - and, eventually, mixes to mourn Rob's greatest loss. The tunes were among the great musical output of the early 1990s - Pearl Jam, Nirvana, Pavement, Yo La Tengo, REM, Weezer - as well as classics by The Rolling Stones, The Beatles, Aretha Franklin and more. Mixing the skilful, tragic punch of Dave Eggers and the romantic honesty of Nick Hornby, LOVE IS A MIX TAPE is a story of lost love and the kick-you-in-the-gut energy of great pop music.	2010-03-01	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749951429	Love is a Mix Tape	Rob Sheffield		'A true candidate for the All-Time Desert Island Top 5 Books About Pop Music' - Kirkus Reviews	2007	Portrait		English				ZZZ000000
9780749937355	Love Potions	Christina Jones		Praise for Christina Jones: 'H.E. Bates for the 21st Century' Katie Fforde 'sexy...unputdownable...a heart-thumping read' Company 'feisty tale of friendship and laughter, loyalty and love...engaging' The Times 'must read...fun-packed tale' The Sun 'Bloody good read...Funny, romantic book...a lively romp through rural England' New Woman	2006-10-05	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340837405	Love Songs and Lies	Libby Purves		Sally, Kate and Marienka. Three young women who meet as undergraduates in 1970s Oxford and share their romantically shabby canalside house with Max Bellinger - clever, attractive, enigmatic Max. Sally - our narrator - idolises Max, who is something of an homme fatale. But it is Max's wayward rock singer brother, Marty, who is to play the most important role in her life, when one of his songs (for which she provided the lyrics) becomes an unexpected hit. Although their paths diverge once they leave Oxford, Sally stays in touch with all the housemates and their lives remain interwoven throughout the momentous second half of the twentieth century.	2007-06-14	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780446618434	Love, Suburban Style	Wendy Markham		Fed up with her moody teenage daughter, Meg Addams decides what they both need is a good dose of suburban wholesomeness. But when they leave Manhattan behind for Meg's humble blue-collar hometown, they find it crowded with wealthy strangers and upscale boutiques. Settling into a creaky fixer-upper, Meg finally spots a familiar face right next door--and it belongs to none other than Sam Rooney. The would-be love of Meg's high school life is now a single dad, her daughter's new soccer coach--and a neighborly ghost-buster whenever things go bump in the night. With three kids and an undeniable attraction between them, Meg and Sam are in for some heart-racing, wee-hour encounters that have nothing to do with spirits...but everything to do with hearts.	2007-07-01	Warner Forever		English				ZZZ000000
9780749929473	Loving Peter,My Life with Peter Cook and Dudley Moore	Judy Cook		Judy Huxtable, a beautiful "swinging Sixties" model and actress, met and fell in love with Peter Cook in 1967. They were together during the memorable hit showsBehind the FridgeandDerek and Clive, divorcing in 1989. Being intimate with Peter meant that Judy was inevitably close to Peter's comic partner, Dudley Moore, and they all formed an extraordinary bond. She was in a unique position to observe the special relationship that Peter and Dudley shared, and the rivalry that existed between them. InLoving Peter, Judy gives a perceptive and poignant account of the Peter Cook that only she knew. She writes with a mix of humor, insight, and sadness about one of the funniest, most enigmatic, and troubled men on the planet. She describes what he was like as a husband, performer, friend, father, and manand gives an inside view of what really made him tick; why he seemed to want to destroy those he loved the most; how he succumbed to the destructive forces of drink and drugs; and how he and Dudley really got on off-screen.	2010-02-01	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780753819456	Luck	Joan Barfoot		One woman is an ex-beauty-queen, one is a recovering addict to virtue, one is an artist. The man of the big old house on the hill, Philip Lawrence, is suddenly dead.These things happen. But Philip's silent departure is bound to have dramatic effects. The abruptly widowed Nora, whose recent works of biblical art have caused a fundamentalist furore in the town where they live, is unexpectedly confronted by solo life in a place she despises. Beth, her wispy, beautiful model, faces losing a haven from her own eerie history, while housekeeper Sophie, a former overseas aid volunteer shattered by trauma, will have to find new ways to resist old compulsions.Luck follows the three days after Philip's death as the women career through circumstances none of them could ever have imagined.3 days, 3 women. The big question is 'What next?'	2006	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9781409104933	Lucky Break	Paul Nicholls		Paul Nicholls is the former jockey who began training in 1991. Gradually he built up a reputation as one of the most astute and successful trainers in the business, with a special knack for getting it right on the big occasions. His depth of resources meant that on a unique occasion at Wincanton in January 2006, he became the first trainer ever to have six winners on a card. But it is for his role as the trainer of horses such as See More Business, Kauto Star and Denman, all of them Cheltenham Gold Cup winners, that he is best known.In this revealing and honest memoir, Champion Trainer Nicholls explains how he got to the top of his sport, and provides a fascinating insight into his methods and to the horses, jockeys and owners that have helped him achieve so much. Packed with insider stories that all race fans will love, this is without doubt the essential racing book of 2009.	2009-10-15	Orion Books Limited		English				SPO000000
9781741755831	Lucy Springer Gets Even	Lisa Heidke		Lucy Springer thinks she's got it tough. She's living through renovation hell, her two kids seem more challenging than ever, and her once successful acting career has been reduced to the odd commercial. Then Max, her husband, absconds to Bali with an unknown companion and things go from bad to disastrous. But Lucy doesn't give up easily. Juggling increasingly chaotic building dramas, bewildered children, her crazy best friend/agent Gloria, and her ever helpful mother with chasing after Max, Lucy Springer is determined to get her life onto an even keel and more. This delightful new novel is an often hilarious account of triumphing over adversity, following your dreams and listening to your heart.	2009-11-05	Allen & Unwin		English				ZZZ000000
9780575082083	Luminous	Greg Egan		LUMINOUS collects together one original story plus nine previously unpublished in book form. Greg Egan's short fiction is at the cutting edge of the genre. His stories range from near future predictions to far future, far space improvisations. His grasp of the latest scientific breakthroughs is unparalleled in science fiction. The stories include 'Transition Dreams', 'Cocoon', 'Our Lady of Chernobyl', the title story 'Luminous' and 'The Planck Drive'. Egan's particular interests range from the farther shores of chaos theory and black hole science to bio-technology and cloning.	2008-02-07	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9781408700907	A Lust for Window Sills,A Lover's Guide to British Buildings from Portcullis to Pebble-Dash	Harry Mount		Ever wondered why the floors in our terraced houses are different heights? Or what the landscape round where you live looked like before it was built on? And did you know you can date a building by its window sills? A LUST FOR WINDOW SILLS tells us why and how. Harry Mount takes us on an engrossing tour of the nation's architecture, exploring the quirks, foibles and tiny details that make our buildings unique, and revealing the fascinating stories and anecdotes behind them along the way.We see every historic building style in Britain in one hour's walk across London, from the Norman apse of St Bartholomew's in Smithfield (where Hugh Grant backs out of marrying Duckface in Four Weddings and a Funeral) to the National Gallery's Sainsbury Wing, via Gothic in Holborn, Sir Christopher Wren in the City and the Knights Templar at Temple. A trip up the M4 reveals some of our greatest country houses, while a visit to Stonehenge, Avebury and Silbury Hill is a journey back to the Bronze Age. This book is a lively, entertaining and affectionate portrait of our history and the Britain we live in today.	2008-10-02	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780340653852	Magpie	Jill Dawson		In the dead of night, Lily Waite and her 5-year-old son, Matthew, arrive at their new home on a council estate in East London; their only possessions, two suitcases and a bag of charred remains. Their past is a mystery, Matthew's father nowhere in evidence, and Lily resolute in her need for privacy. But Lily has to come to terms with the events that precipitated her flight from Yorkshire and, as she relaxes enough to allow new relationships into her and her son's life, the secrets of the past finally begin to relinquish their hold on the future.	1998	Sceptre		English				ZZZ000000
9781842552629	Makeover	Kate Petty		Best friends Sarah and Lianne have a great money-making idea - doing makeovers at little girls' birthday parties. But it's not an idea that impresses Ruth Miller, the new girl who's just arrived at their school. To Sarah and Lianne, Ruth is a mess: to Ruth they are overdressed and not in the least cool. Ruth has other things to worry about too - her mum is ill and she's had to leave her London home and her best friend to live with her Dad and his new family. And that includes her step-brother Matt - a boy factor bound to cause trouble!All girls will relate to Kate's great girl characters and lively, pacy plot. She gets it just right for 10+ readers.	2004-06-03	Orion Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780316286855	Making faces	Kevyn Aucoin		In Making Faces, Kevyn Aucoin, America's preeminent makeup artist, shares his secrets, explaining not only the basics of makeup application and technique but also how to use those fundamentals (sometimes in unconventional ways) to create a wide range of different looks. Making Faces features step-by-step directions, instructional full-color sketches, and a gallery of noncelebrity transformations, as well as fabulous images of stars and supermodels as you've never seen them before.	1999-09-02	Little, Brown and Company		English				ZZZ000000
9780340909300	Making Waves,The Autobiography	David Hasselhoff		The "Los Angeles Times" called him a "counterculture icon," and "TV Guide" dubbed him one of "TVUs Ten Most Powerful Stars," but true aficionados simply call him "The Hoff." As this fascinating memoir reveals, there's more to this handsome superstar than great hair, and legs that look good while running down a beach.	2007-05-17	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780340962008	Malice	Lisa Jackson		The scent is unmistakable: the perfume that his beautiful first wife Jennifer always wore. Opening his eyes in the hospital room, New Orleans detective Rick Bentz sees her standing in the doorway. But Jennifer died twelve years ago . . . Once out of the hospital, Bentz begins to see Jennifer everywhere, haunting and taunting him then vanishing without a trace. Could she still be alive? But it was Bentz who identified her body after the horrible car wreck. He's never doubted it until now. When a copy of Jennifer's death certificate arrives emblazoned with a red question mark Bentz follows the postmark trail to Los Angeles, straight into a killer's web. Each new discovery only serves as a chilling reminder of how little he really knew about his first wife. Then the murders begin, each victim a part of Jennifer's past, each grisly corpse pointing to Bentz as the prime suspect. A diabolical killer has been waiting patiently, silently. Soon it will be Bentz's turn to suffer for his sins. But he won't be the only one: now his new wife is the killer's prime target.	2010	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				FIC022000
9780340895849	Malicious intent	Kathryn Fox		Dr Anya Crichton, a pathologist and forensic physician, finds that work is sparse for the only female freelancer in the field. Between paying child support, a mortgage and struggling to get her business off the ground, Anya can't yet afford to fight her ex-husband for custody of their three-year-old son, Ben. When Anya is asked to look into the seemingly innocent suicide of a teenager, Anya notices similarities between the girl's death and several other cases she is working on with her friend and colleague, Detective Sergeant Kate Farrer. All the victims went missing for a period of time, only to be found dead of apparent suicide in most unusual circumstances. As Anya delves deeper, the pathological findings point to the frightening possibility that the deaths are not only linked, but part of a sinister plot. Nothing can prepare her for the terrifying truth...	2005-01-01	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9781601620736	Mama, I'm In Love--With a Gangsta	Joy		Two urban novellas are collected in this single volume. In "Baby Girl McCoy," a woman searches for a father figure. In "Behind Every Bad Boy," a woman discovers that even though she's left the street and made her way to God, the devil is always lurking close behind. Original.	2008-11-01	Urban Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749925741	Man with the Beautiful Voice,And More Stories from the Other Side of the Couch	Lillian B. Rubin		>'This daring and engrossing book offers a unique gift to readers: a window into the mind and the heart of both sides of the therapeutic relationship - the patient's and the therapist's. Only a writer and thinker as agile as Lillian Rubin could offer such compelling stories that tell us so much about the process of pain and healing for both patient and therapist.'> - Kim Chernin, author ofThe Hungry Self.Widely acclaimed psychotherapist and author Dr Lillian B. Rubin offers us a masterful insight into the world of therapy in her compelling new book, and Man with the Beautiful Voice. She describes her most fascinating and challenging cases from 'the other side of the couch', as she takes the reader on a riveting and absorbing journey into the human psyche.Through seven unique stories, she reveals her personal struggle to leave behind traditional psychoanalytic training and adopt unorthodox methods, when the nature of her clients means that the rules have to be bent or broken.	2006-07-27	Piatkus Books		English				PSY028000
9780786021543	Mania	Craig Larsen		Seattle newspaper photographer Nick Wilder has snapped his fair share of gruesome homicide scenes. But when a serial killer dubbed the Street Butcher takes his sick crimes to new depths of depravity, Nick finds the case suddenly getting to him in more ways than one. Original.	2009-10	Kensington Publishing Corporation		English				ZZZ000000
9780747266136	Many a Tear Has to Fall	Joan Jonker		Things are finally looking up for George and Ann Richardson. After causing years of worry, their younger daughter Tess, who had always been sickly and small, is starting to blossom into a confident, clever girl. It will be some time before she catches up with her older sister Maddy, but her family know she'll soon be just as strong. And they've just scraped together enough money to take them on their first holiday, to Wales, where the country life will be just what they need. But heartache is waiting for the family when they return to Liverpool, and many a tear will have to fall before they find the true happiness they long for...	2001-04-05	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780304365432	Maquis,The French Resistance at War	George Millar		In constant danger, and often with little equipment, saboteur-commander George Millar led his group of the Maquis on a series of cloak-and-dagger adventures which challenge the imagination. Trains were mysteriously wrecked, roundhouses destroyed, equipment sabotaged. Captain Millar's story is one of resource, endurance and hairbreadth escapes, of astonishing success and only occasional tragedy.Millar's fellow Resistance fighters include swashbuckling Boulaya; Pancheau, the soft-eyed, brilliant leader; the daredevil Le Frise; the American Paul, whom all the women adored; and many nameless men from all walks of life who lived and trained in the wooded hillsides of France.The tale of George Millar's wartime adventures which led him to join the Maquis, including escape from the Germans and a hair-raising trip across Europe, is told in HORNED PIGEON, also in Cassell Military Paperbacks.	2003	Cassell		English				ZZZ000000
9780349119595	The March	E. L. Doctorow		Doctorow's new novel is set towards the end of the American Civil War and follows General Sherman's epic march with sixty thousand Union troops through Georgia and the Carolinas, one of the major manoeuvres to bring the war to its conclusion. The March ranges widely over a diverse set of characters - each of whom is brilliantly realised - so that we see the war through the eyes of both white-skinned Pearl (daughter of slave and slave owner) and General Sherman; a deserting confederate who sets himself up as a photographer; a ruthless army surgeon who enjoys his reputation as an amputator; and the two brothers of a brutal slave owner who find themselves in uniforms facing Sherman's forces.Doctorow's narrative brilliantly blends the intimate and the epic, sweeping the reader along the route of Sherman's notorious march and making us care deeply about each individual's fate.	2006	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780297858737	Marks in Time,125 Years of Marks and Spencer	Helen Chislett		A fascinating glimpse into the history, influence, activity and success of a national treasure. 50 short, heavily illustrated stories will cover such diverse topics as technical innovations, democratisation of fashion, the power of advertising (M&S can predict what a high percentage of the population will eat in any given week), the war years, the revolution of mass-produced food, ecommerce, customers, staff and social history (the M&S archive has a bigger collection of utility clothing, for example, than even the V&A).	2009-09-03	Weidenfeld & Nicolson Illust		English				BUS073000
9780752889849	Marriage And Other Games	Veronica Henry		Forgive and forget? Could you...? When girl-about-town Charlotte discovers her husband has been arrested for fraud, she flees to the wilds of Exmoor to nurse her broken heart. Yet despite the slower pace of life, she finds she's not the only person whose life is in turmoil. There's Sebastian, bad boy of the British art scene, determined to drink the local pub dry while his wife lives it up in London. Then Fitch, who married the high-spirited Hayley thinking he would find wedded bliss, but is struggling to keep up with her outrageous demands. And finally Penny, recently divorced and quietly determined to have more fun second time around - but who with? As Charlotte adapts to a life without LK Bennett and Starbucks on the doorstep, she turns to her newfound friends for advice. Can she find it in her heart to forgive her husband for what he did? And if she does, will it be too late?	2009-09-01	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9781409102267	Marriage and other games	Veronica Henry		When Charlotte Briggs' husband Ed is sent down for fraud, she cannot find it in her heart to forgive him for what he has done. Ostracised from their social circle, she flees to the wilds of Exmoor to nurse her broken heart. But despite the slower pace of life, she soon finds that she is not the only person whose life is in turmoil.There's Sebastian, enfant terrible of the British art scene, desperately trying to find his muse amongst the empty bottles.Then Fitch, who married the high-spirited Hayley thinking he would find wedded bliss, but instead has found marital hell.And finally Penny, local GP and recent divorcee, who is determined not to hurtle into middle age embittered and lonely.Over the long winter months, the four of them share advice, copious bottles of wine, laughter ... and maybe more.	2009-11-16	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780749935719	The marriage bed	Regina McBride		Praise for Regina McBride: 'What distinguishes The Nature of Water and Air...is the precision of the language and the haunting power of the narrative.' Edna O'Brien 'shimmering and hypnotic...casts an undeniable spell' New York Times 'stirs the soul' Elle	2005-05-05	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780752889023	Married with Baggage	Elise Chidley		'She'd never dreamt she'd wind up being a mum before she had a baby.' When Annie was swept off her feet by handsome widower Simon, she willingly promised to have and to hold all that he held dear, including his daughter, Lydia. Lydia's mother died years before in a sailing accident and it's clear from the off that the young girl doesn't welcome her new stepmother. As a lucrative job offer for Simon forces them all to decamp to America, Annie has a lot to learn. How do you fit in in a close-knit US town? What makes her daughter tick? And how do you try to convince your new husband that he's done the right thing in marrying in haste? For every woman who's had to juggle the complexities of step-parenting, this sharp and funny look at the world of modern famililes will ring very true indeed.	2009-03-01	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780450577178	Mars	Ben Bova		Mars, "the bloody planet," is a world shrouded in mystery. As the source of endless fascination, Mars offers us the most promise for finding evidence of life. Half Navajo American Jamie Waterman is a geologist whose dream comes true when he is selected for the first landing team on Mars. He endures the rigors of training, the personality conflicts and political intrigues, as well as the dangers of travelling over 100 million kilometers in space. Once the international crew lands on Mars, they discover they must battle not only the alien land they have invaded but earthbound bureaucrats as well. As they head toward a chasm that is ten times larger than the Grand Canyon, the twenty-five astronauts come face-to-face with the most shocking discovery of all.	1993-01-07	New English Library		English				FIC028000
9780349114637	Martin Bauman	David Leavitt		At the dawn of the Reagan era Martin Bauman, clever, ambitious and insecure, wins a place under the tutelage of the legendary and enigmatic Stanley Flint, a man who can make or break writing careers with the flick of a weary hand. Martin is poised on the threshold of the writing life, his twin desires to get into print and to find his way out of the closet.Moving through the century's most licentious decade, Martin matures from brilliant student to apprentice in a Manhattan publishing house to fully fledged member of the New York literary brat pack. Subtle, erotic, honest and funny, Martin Bauman lays bare the life of the artist, in all his venal, envious, self-loathing and poignant glory.	2001	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780755315635	MARY BERRY'S CHRISTMAS COLLECTION,OVER 100 FABULOUS RECIPES AND TIPS FOR A TROUBLE	Mary Berry		Known for her practical and unfussy approach to cooking, Mary Berry has finally taken on the trickiest of culinary periods. In Mary Berry's Christmas Collection Mary combines all her favourite winter recipes with a selection of new mouthwatering dishes to give us not only the time-honoured traditional roast turkey and classic Victorian Christmas cake, but also a variety of new and exciting food ideas for the festive period. Her Gammon with a Mango Salsa and a crunchy Caramalised Onion Salad or yummy Stilton and Pear Crostini or Quail's Eggs in Pastry Cases take the pressure off entertaining whether it's the Boxing Day crowd or a family New Year gathering.With clues on leftovers, buffets, a Christmas day countdown and a trouble-shooting section, Mary will help you solve all your holiday cooking problems. A wonderful seasonal cookery book from the queen of Aga cooking.	2008-11-18	HEADLINE		English				ZZZ000000
9781409104780	Mary King,The Autobiography	Mary King		At the age of 47 Mary King won a Team Bronze at the Beijing Olympics. In her two CaveliersCall Again Cavalier and Imperial Cavaliershe has two of the very best event horses in the world. Mary Kings's success in the world of eventing has been hard won. She does not come from a privileged background. Her first pony was the ancient "cast off" from the local vicar's childrenand success with this pony gave her an iron will to succeed. To support herself in the early days she had a variety of unglamorous jobsincluding butcher delivery rounds and cleaning out toilets in the local campsite. Her talent was apparent from very early on and she first competed at Badminton in 1985, had her first win there on King William in 1992, and had her second on Star Appeal in 2000. Just when everything seemed to be going well she suffered a terrible fall in 2001 and broke her neck but she was back competing at the very top level the following year. Mary King's story is fascinating and inspiring for anyone with an interest in equestrian sports.	2009-08-27	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780753826546	Mary Queen of Scots	Antonia Fraser		Mary Queen of Scots passed her childhood in France and married the Dauphin to become Queen of France at the age of sixteen. Widowed less than two years later, she returned to Scotland as Queen after an absence of thirteen years.Her life then entered its best known phase: the early struggles with John Knox, and the unruly Scottish nobility; the fatal marriage to Darnley and his mysterious death; her marriage to Bothwell, the chief suspect, that led directly to her long English captivity at the hands of Queen Elizabeth; the poignant and extraordinary story of her long imprisonment that ended with the labyrinthine Babington plot to free her, and her execution at the age of forty-four.	2009-05-07	Orion Publishing Group		English				ZZZ000000
9781842126257	Mary Tudor,the Spanish Tudor	Hilda Frances Margaret Prescott		Notorious for her persecution of Protestants, Queen Mary I has been vilified by generations of historians as Bloody Mary. But this award-winning biography offers a more humane and measured perspective on the life of this tormented woman. With sympathy, Prescott examines just how Mary, who was swept to the throne on a wave of popular acclaim, fell so far in her countrymen's esteem that just five years after her coronation, her death was greeted with universal relief.	2003	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780340768365	Masai Dreaming	Justin Cartwright		'A provocative novel about a disillusioned writer who travels to Africa to research a screenplay. Cartwright tellingly contrasts the supposed savagery of the dark continent with the very real barbarism of Nazi Germany and the modern world' Esquire 'Ambitious ... the book works well, as a story, as a compendium of reflections on race and nationhood and as a novel with a refined and distinctive narrative voice and one marvellously complete character, the old White Kenyan, Tom Fairfax ... an elegantly complex, unfailingly intelligent novel' Lucy Hughes-Hallett, The Spectator	2000-07-20	Sceptre		English				ZZZ000000
9781841496764	Mass Effect,Ascension	Drew Karpyshyn		Location: Our galaxy, at a time set far in our future hellip;Every 50,000 years, a race of machines returns to harvest the galaxy's organic life forms. In the first MASS EFFECT game, it is the year 2183, and the machines are about to return once again.This book will be a bridging novel set between the first and second MASS EFFECT games.	2008-06-05	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9780446695787	Master Your Money Type,Using Your Financial Personality to Create a Life of Wealth and Freedom	Jordan E. Goodman		In this extraordinarygroundbreaking book, personal finance guru Jordan Goodmanhelps readers classify each individual investor into a'Money Type' and describes how that profile can helpanyone attain the wealth they desire.	2007-01-03	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780304357918	Masterpieces of Declarer Play	Julian Pottage		Every page of Masterpieces of Declarer Play offers a piece of wisdom on how to play as a declarer. It captures the essence of the author's extensive knowledge about and instinct for the game. It additionally features a refreshing and exciting collection of hands which will be appreciated by any bridge player. The advice is certain to improve your game while the classic hands will keep you turning the pages.	2001-09-01	Cassell P L C		English				ZZZ000000
9780304357932	Masterpieces of Defence	Julian Pottage		Defense: the mere word can cause bridge players to step back. Yet the fact remains that you will defend roughly twice as many hands as you declare. A solid grasp of what it takes to break a contract is thus a key element of winning on a regular basis. Julian Pottage shows how players of all levels can optimize their talents.	2002-09-01	Cassell in association with Peter Crawley		English				ZZZ000000
9780751540406	Match	Mark Frost		The year: 1956. Four decades have passed since Eddie Lowery came to fame as the ten-year-old caddie to US Open Champion Francis Ouimet. Now a wealthy car dealer and avid supporter of amateur golf, Lowery boasts to George Coleman ? an equally important figure in golf circles and a fellow millionaire ? that two of his car salesmen are the best players in the world. These two, US amateur champion Harvie Ward and up-and-coming star Ken Venturi, could beat any two golfers in the world in a best ball match, he claims. Coleman asks Lowery how he plans to prove it, and Lowery puts his money where his mouth is: 'Bring any two golfers of your choice to the course at 10 a.m. tomorrow morning,' he tells Coleman, 'and we'll settle the issue ? for a substantial amount of cash.' Coleman shows up, all right ? with Ben Hogan and Byron Nelson, the game's greatest living professionals, with fourteen major championships between them.In Mark Frost's peerless hands, complete with the recollections of all the participants, the story of this immortal foursome and the game they played that day ? legendarily known in golf circles as the greatest private match ever played ? come to life with powerful emotional impact and edge-of-your-seat suspense.	2008-08-07	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				FIC038000
9780340943731	Mating in captivity,sex, lies and domestic bliss	Esther Perel		'If sex - or rather, the lack of sex - in marriages and long-term relationships isn't a hot topic, it's because no one dares talk about it. Or admit to it. Until now ...' ObserverCan we continue to desire what we already have? Does good intimacy always make for good sex? Are domesticity and passion compatible? In Mating in Captivity, psychotherapist Esther Perel tackles the paradox of modern love. Our cultural penchant for equality, togetherness and absolute candour is at odds with erotic desire. Which makes long-term love an increasingly contradictory and messy business. Perel looks at why it's hard to want what you already have, even in the most committed relationship. And teaches how you can reconcile domestic bliss with erotic excitement, and rekindle lost passion. Wise, witty, and as revelatory as it is straightforward, Mating in Captivity is a sensational book that could change the way you love and live.	2007-01-18	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9781841495064	May Contain Traces of Magic	Tom Holt		There are all kinds of products. The good ones. The bad ones. The ones that stay in the garage mouldering for years until your garden gnome makes a home out of them. Most are harmless if handled properly, even if they do contain traces of peanuts. But some are not. Not the ones that contain traces of magic.Chris Popham wasn't paying enough attention when he talked to his SatNav. Sure, she gave h directions, never backtalked him, and always led h to his next spot on the map with perfect accuracy. She was the best thing in his life. So was it really his fault that he didn't start paying attention when she talked to him? In his defence, that was her job. But when 'Take the next right' turned into 'Excuse me,' that was when the real trouble started. Because sometimes a SatNav isn't a SatNav. Sometimes it's an imprisoned soul trapped inside a metal box that will do anything it can to get free. And some products you just can't return.	2010-04-01	Little, Brown Book Group		English				ZZZ000000
9781603208369	Mayo Clinic Book of Alternative Medicine, 2nd Edition (Updated and Expanded),Integrating the Best of Natural Therapies with Conventional Medicine	Mayo Clinic		Now updated and expanded from its original edition,Mayo Clinic Book of Alternative Medicine, 2nd Edition, remains a trusted, accessible guide to understanding what works and what doesnrs"t in the world of complementary and alternative medicine' and how to put this information to use in your everyday life. This revised edition is fully illustrated and still offers the same practical advice by using the red light/green light rating system to evaluate treatments.From acupuncture to yoga, echinacea to St. Johnrs"s wort, and meditation to healing touch, Mayo Clinic provides answers to the most pressing questions people have about the effectiveness of complementary and alternative medicine and when itrs"s appropriate to use natural remedies in place of or in conjunction with traditional medicine. The book also provides helpful tips on how to treat common ailments and incorporate alternative treatments into the readersrs"' and their familiesrs"'lives.	2010-04-20	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9780340993002	Me and My Shadow	Katie MacAlister		May Northcott is at the end of her tether. Her demon boss has moved in and is making life hell. Her scorching hot dragon lover seems to think everything can be solved with a fiery kiss. And worse still, she's being shadowed by her ditsy twin sister ' a naiad who simply can't seem to stay out of trouble. The arrival of a nearly-dead man on May's doorstep could be the final spark that sets light to their tinder-box world. And with dragon war imminent, it's looking increasingly like it will be up to May (and her watery shadow) to stop it before the fire consumes them all, and their lives end up in smoke...	2009-12-10	Hodder And Stoughton Ltd.		English				ZZZ000000
9781842126219	Medieval women,a social history of women in England, 450-1500	Henrietta Leyser		Henrietta Leyser considers the problems and attitudes fundamental to every woman of the time: medieval views on sex, marriage and motherhood; the world of work and the experience of widowhood for peasant, townswoman and aristocrat. The intellectual and spiritual worlds of medieval women are also explored. MEDIEVAL WOMEN celebrates the diversity and vitality of English women's lives in the Middle Ages.	2002-09-12	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9781845332655	MEDINA KITCHEN,HOME COOKING FROM NORTH AFRICA	Fiona Dunlop		The best North African food is rooted in the home rather than in restaurants. For her first book, New Tapas, Fiona Dunlop sought out innovative restaurant and bar cooks; this time she turns her attention to home cooks producing stunning and often innovative food in beautiful houses in Morocco, Tunisia and Libya. As well as classic dishes, these cooks are creating new recipes by fusing traditional Arab and Mediterranean food. Their recipes and stories are accompanied by photographs of their food taken in courtyards strewn with orange trees, kitchens with Arabian tiles and classical dining rooms as well as of the markets they shop at and the Medina they visit. The book features a chapter dedicated to each home cook. Fiona profiles eight cooks in all.	2007-09-13	Mitchell Beazley		English				ZZZ000000
9780749919580	The meditation plan,21 keys to your inner potential	Richard Lawrence		The Meditation Plan reveals the amazing power of meditation. Meditation not only helps you to relax and relieve stress, but can be used as a tool to improve your mental abilities, develop your spiritual awareness and even enhance your psychic abilities. While most meditation books focus on the technique as solely a means of improving health through stress reduction, Richard Lawrence shows that its powers and benefits are far more wide-ranging. The book is divided into three levels of meditation, each of which features seven ways or 'keys' to enhance your life with practical exercises to develop your abilities.The book is divided into three sections which follow a traditional Eastern approach to the various stages or levels of meditation. The first level Richard Lawrence calls imagination or thinking. In this section he focuses on meditations concerning more practical topics such as improving your health, controlling stress, improving your sleep, increasing your vitality and improving your problem-solving skills.The second level focuses on intuition or feeling. In this section Richard shows you how to develop your intuitive abilities including reading thoughts, improving your understanding of other people, interpreting your dreams, communicating with animals and seeing the future.The third level focuses on inspiration or knowing. In this section Richard looks at how meditation can help us achieve ecstasy without drugs, remember past lives, and have out-of-body experiences.By working through each stage of meditation and practising the exercises provided, The Meditation Plan will help effect a permanent change in your health, happiness and wellbeing.	1999-05-27	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9781841880860	Meetings with Remarkable Trees	Thomas Pakenham		"A new, fully illustrated, pocket-sized edition of Thomas Pakenham's bestselling collection of tree portraits. Here are 60 trees remarkable in age, size, shape and history."	2001-11-01	Cassell		English				ZZZ000000
9781844085446	Miles from Nowhere	Nami Mun		Joon is a young Korean immigrant living in the Bronx of the 1980s. Her parents have crumbled under the weight of her father's infidelity and mental illness has rendered her mother nearly catatonic. So Joon, at the age of thirteen, decides she's better off on her own and sets out on a harrowing and sometimes tragic journey, exposing herself to all the pain and difficulty of a life lived on the margins. Joon's years on the streets take her from a homeless shelter to an escort club, through struggles with addiction, to jobs selling newspapers and cosmetics, committing petty crimes, and, finally, towards something resembling hope.In raw and beautiful prose, Nami Mun tells the story of a young woman who is at once tough yet vulnerable, world-weary yet naive, faced with insurmountable odds and yet fiercely determined to survive. Honest, inventive and profoundly moving, Miles From Nowhere is a dazzling debut novel that will haunt and inspire.	2009-01-15	Little, Brown Book Group		English				ZZZ000000
9781409101314	Miley Cyrus Yearbook 2009,Star of Hannah Montana	Posy Edwards		THE MILEY CYRUS YEARBOOK 2009 features a FREE calendar poster with all the important Hannah Montana dates filled in, plus photos, facts, puzzles, jokes, recipes, and even crafts!	2008	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9781840001853	Soft Toys	Frankie Leibe&Leyla Maniera&Daniel Agnew		Toys made from soft materials and modeled as animals or birds, or as comic characters from children's literature and films, have long been favorite playthings. The interest in these engaging toys as collectables is increasing, and this invaluable guide is an ideal introduction for new enthusiasts.	2000-02	Millers		English				ZZZ000000
9781841497600	Mirror Space	Marianne de Pierres		Araldis is still under occupation by hostile forces, and with the Orion League of Sentient Species seemingly unable - or unwilling - to help, Mira Fedor is forced to turn to the mercenary captain, Rast Randall, if she is to save her planet. But while Rast's contacts may be free of political constraints, what they lack in red tape they more than make up for in ruthlessness. As some of their hidden strategies are revealed, others become even more opaque. Why have the philosophers of Scolar been targetted? How far does the Extropist influence extend into Orion space? From Lasper Farr, the Stain War veteran and ruler of the junk planet Edo, to the Sole initiates at Belle Monde to Rast herself, everyone is pursuing their own agenda. But are they really separate goals? Or are events rushing to a single, terrifying conclusion. . . ?	2009-11-05	Little, Brown Book Group		English				FIC028000
9780752837574	Miscarriage,What Every Woman Needs to Know	Lesley Regan		One in four pregnancies ends in miscarriage - it is the most common complication of pregnancy and also one of the least understood. Professor Lesley Regan is the first woman to hold a chair on obstetrics and gynaecology in the country and for the past decade she has worked to establish the biggest miscarriage clinic in the world.This book gives up-to-date information on the many causes of miscarriage and the latest treatments available. It covers the chances of a successful pregnancy, how to prepare for and cope with the next pregnancy, infertility, and gives answers to the most commonly asked questions on the subject of miscarriage.Revised and updated to take account of the latest developments in the study of miscarriage, this book is the book everyone who has ever suffered a miscarriage will need.	2001-04-05	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780340689745	Miss Silver intervenes	Patricia Wentworth		When her fiancegrave;, Giles Armitage, is lost at sea in the middle of the Second World War, Meade Underwood is left in the company of a middle-aged aunt with nothing but a monotonous round of bridge parties and war work to fill her days. A chance encounter restores Giles to Meade but he has lost his memory, and their rediscovered happiness is threatened by the machinations of the scheming Carola Roland, a figure from Giles's forgotten past. So when Carola is viciously murdered, Giles becomes the chief suspect and it takes all Miss Silver's ingenuity to unravel the real significance of the crime and its electrifying consequences.	2006-12-14	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9781893196841	Mistress	Meisha J. Camm		Robert Gibb wanted to be married and have plenty of women on the sideline. His wife Vivian just wanted to be married. Their daughter, Alexis, witnessed their constant fighting over the years. Now she's all grown up and in a relationship of her own...and about to discover for herself just how complicated love can be.	2007-03-27	Urban Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780755332595	Mixed Doubles	Jill Mansell		Love is always just around the corner in a Jill Mansell novel - with a few surprises and a lot of humour on the way to happiness New Year is looming and best friends Liza, Dulcie and Pru are making their resolutions. Liza wants to get married - she's never had any trouble hooking a man. The trouble is, she can never stay interested once she's got him. Dulcie thinks marriage sucks. Her husband, Patrick, may be gorgeous and charming, but the impulsive Dulcie needs more excitement in her life. She wants a divorce. Pru loves her roving husband, and she secretly enjoys the periods when he's making up for his outrageous behaviour. All she wants is to stay married. Liza, Dulcie and Pru have no idea what the New Year has in store - but Fate has some sneaky plans up her sleeve...	2007-02-05	Headline Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780304357703	The Modern Losing Trick Count,Bidding to Win at Bridge	Ron Klinger		If you want to bid accurately and achieve greatly improved results at the bridge table, you have to master the Losing Trick Count. It is a tried and tested method of hand evaluation which has stood the test of time. Ron Klinger, famous international player, author, and teacher, has brought the LTC up-to-date by relating it to modern systems and conventions.	2001-05-31	Cassell		English				ZZZ000000
9780316005128	Monkey Portraits	Jill Greenberg&Paul Weitz&Paul Myoda		A witty array of seventy-six colorful anthropomorphic photographs captures the world of apes and monkeys in a series of portrait images that convey a remarkable array of emotion, personality, and character. Reprint. 50,000 first printing.	2007-10-12	Little, Brown and Company		English				ZZZ000000
9780316049917	Monster	A. Lee Martinez		Meet Monster. Meet Judy. Two humans who don't like each other much, but together must fight dragons, fire-breathing felines, trolls, Inuit walrus dogs, and a crazy cat lady - for the future of the universe.Monster runs a pest control agency. He's overworked and has domestic troubles - like having the girlfriend from hell.Judy works the night shift at the local Food Plus Mart. Not the most glamorous life, but Judy is happy. No one bothers her and if she has to spell things out for the night-manager every now and again, so be it.But when Judy finds a Yeti in the freezer aisle eating all the Rocky Road, her life collides with Monster's in a rather alarming fashion. Because Monster doesn't catch raccoons; he catches the things that go bump in the night. Things like ogres, trolls, and dragons.Oh, and his girlfriend from Hell? She actually is from Hell.	2010-02-01	Orbit/Yen		English				ZZZ000000
9781408302491	Mummy Menace	Shoo Rayner		Mission Alert! All the loo paper in the forest has disappeared! Something spooky is going on, and Connor's in for a fright tonight...	2010	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781408302514	Werewolf Wail	Shoo Rayner		Mission Alert! There's a full moon in the Forest tonight! Connor's on standby to deal with any monster madness. He's not going to get much sleep...	2010-04-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780446611688	Mother Road	Dorothy Garlock		Now in paperback--the bestselling author's first title in a new series set on Route 66, the Depression era's famed road to the Golden West. This first novel takes place in Oklahoma in the hot summer of 1932, where the love of two people is tested at every turn.	2003-11-01	Warner Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780806528762	Mountain Madness,Scott Fischer, Mount Everest & a Life Lived on High	Robert Birkby		An inspiring biography chronicles the life and adventures of renowned mountaineer Scott Fischer, from his climbing excursions on mountains around the world to the ill-fated 1996 expedition to Mount Everest in which he and seven others perished. Reprint.	2009-01-27	Citadel Press		English				ZZZ000000
9780340930809	Fleabee's fortune	Robin Jarvis		The great rat festival of First Blood is approaching, by which time Fleabee, daughter of Rancid Alf, must have committed murder, or she will be killed herself. She is terrified by Jupiter, Lord of All, who will ultimately dish out the punishment, but she hasn't acquired the same blood lust that seems to possess all other rats.	2004	Hodder Children's		English				ZZZ000000
9780340855126	Whortle's Hope	Robin Jarvis		It is almost the time of the Fennywolde games, when the young field mice compete to see who will have the honour of being the head sentry of the cornfield for the entire summer. Young Whortle longs to win the competition but not if it means his friends are going to sabotage the other competitor's chances. He wants to win on his own merits but soon realises winning isn't the most important thing as another mouse needs the prize more than he does.	2007-11-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781853810909	Mrs. Miniver	Jan Struther		First published in book form in 1939, Mrs Miniver was an enormous success on both sides of the Atlantic and an Academy Award-winning hit of the silver screen. Churchill insisted that it had done more for the Allied cause than a flotilla of battleships and Roosevelt claimed that it had hastened America's entry into the war.But Mrs Miniver first appeared in a newspaper column in The Times. A startlingly unsentimental view of the loss of England's innocence in the early days of the war, the column celebrated the everyday events - the sight of October chrysanthemums; the sense of doom when a favourite (but unreliable) car is replaced; children's capriciousness - that make life bittersweet.	1989	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780752882475	Mrs Zhivago of Queen's Park	Olivia Lichtenstein		Chloe has been married for what feels like all eternity to Greg who tests his memory in infuriating ways, for example hiding the kettle from himself in the drum of the washing machine. Chloe is a successful psychotherapist with two children and a Famous Friend from hell. She's got it all. So why does she want to rub her life out and start again? Is this it? She asks herself. Will I never sleep with another man again? When Chloe meets temptation in the shape of Ivan, does she dare risk a passionate Russian romance before gravity wins the battle with her face and figure? Can she get away with one glorious, final fling? Dr Zhivago didn't. And just look what happened to Anna Karenina...	2008-04-14	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9781741147933	Mulligan,On Being a Hack Golfer	Matt Condon		At any given moment in time, as the world turns, millions of men and women are hacking, duffing, topping and shanking golf balls on resort courses and goat tracks from Pebble Beach to Pratt's Bottom. MULLIGAN documents a single, glorious spring week in the golfing lives of three such hacks in their quest for the inaugural Coolum Cup on Queensland's Sunshine Coast. Long-term mates and the keepers of each other's most intimate secrets, they pick and plod their way across numerous courses during their annual 'away' tour, carrying the heavy bag towards mid-life and an uncertain future. Who will lift the dung-shaped cup? Will Farquharson utilise his famous stroke-reducing pencil on his scorecard? Will the tech-savvy Dog stay off his mobile phone long enough to hit the longest drive in history? And who, in a threesome built on trust and old fashioned Australian mateship, will sneak the first mulligan? For the first time Mulligan takes you into the inner-sanctum of hackdom, reveals what is really spoken inside the mannered citadel of the golf course, and exposes the often hilarious, often heartbreakingly sad architecture of ordinary lives on the brink of change.	2008-06-01	Allen & Unwin		English				ZZZ000000
9780316730884	Multiplicity	Rita Carter		In MULTIPLICITY, Rita Carter - award-winning science writer and international speaker - offers a new and vital understanding of personality. Rita explains that nearly every one of us is a team of personalities, working together, for the most part, to give the impression of a unified self. We are used to thinking of ourselves as one thing or the other - either introvert or extrovert, say - but things are rarely that simple for most of us. Thatrs"s why we sometimes feel like a different person depending on mood, company and surroundings, why we sometimes suffer unaccountable memory lapses, why we buy something we then decide we didn't want in the first place, or why 'somebody else' turns off the alarm clock in the morning. Importantly, MULTIPLICITY is also a practical guide to building a happy ls"householdrs" of personalities, explaining how to identify these different versions of ourselves and how to enable them to co-operate so that we can function successfully in life. MULTIPLICITY is both an eye-opening and highly practical account of personality.	2008-02-18	Little, Brown		English				PSY023000
9780749934262	Natural Selection	Bill Dare		James has made a science of trying to find out: what turns women on, and why? For example, there is sweet, pretty, vivacious Victoria, who he's pined after for years and finally tricked into loving him. He doesn't understand why she would be with him, a bit of a bore with an embarrassingly stalled career, when she can be with his best friend, Stefan. Stefan is clearly the superior mate. Anyone who knows the first thing about natural selection could see that Stefan and Victoria belong together. So being it's only a matter of time before they realize it themselves. James decides it's only fair to help them along.	2004-06-03	Piatkus Books		English				FIC016000
9780349113791	The Nazi officer's wife,how one Jewish woman survived the Holocaust	Edith Hahn-Beer&Susan Dworkin		Edith Hahn was an outspoken young woman studying law in Vienna when the Gestapo forced Edith and her mother into a ghetto, issuing them papers branded with a 'J'. Soon, taken away to a labour camp, Edith returned home to find her mother had been deported. Edith tore the yellow star from her clothing and went underground, before fleeing to Munich with a friend's identity papers. There she met Werner Vetter, a Nazi party member who fell in love with her. And despite her protests and even her eventual confession that she was Jewish, he married her and kept her identity a secret.In vivid, wrenching detail, Edith recalls a life of constant, almost paralysing fear. The Nazi Officer's Wife is her epic story - a tale that is complex, troubling and ultimately triumphant.	2001-03-01	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780340792483	Necroscope,avengers	Brian Lumley		The three 'WAMPYRHI' lords are finally on the run. Malinari, Szwart and Vavara have been driven from their respective lairs by E-Branch and Jake Cutter. But this final chapter swiftly becomes the most dangerous, as the undead creatures decide to put aside their differences and join forces against their tormentors. Worse still, the dark side of Jake's 'gift' is swiftly becoming apparent - for it seems that the same talent that allows him to beat the vampires may also be turning him into one himself! In what could possibly be the final NECROSCOPE novel ever, the fate of humanity once again hangs in the balance...	2001-09-20	New English Library		English				ZZZ000000
9780786019496	Needle Work	Fred Rosen		Follows the murderous exploits of Carol Giles and Tim Collier, who murdered Jessie Giles, Carol's husband, with a heroin-laced insulin shot, and then brutally murdered Carol's friend, Nancy Billiter.	2009-02-24	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780821229033	Nell Hill's Decorating Secrets,Easy and Inspiring Ways to Bring Style Into Your Home	Mary Carol Garrity		In this handsome and accessible guide, popular decorating expert Mary Carol Garrity offers tips and ideas for re-creating her classic, relaxed style in the reader's own home.	2004-09-29	Bulfinch Press		English				ZZZ000000
9780446582155	Never Surrender,A Soldier's Journey to the Crossroads of Faith and Freedom	William G. Boykin&Jerry Boykin&Lynn Vincent		In 1978, Jerry Boykin joined what would become the world's premier Special Operations unit, Delta Force. The only promise: "A medal and a body bag." What followed was a .50 caliber round in the chest and a life spent with America's elite forces bringing down warlords and war criminals, despots, and dictators. In Colombia, his task force hunted the notorious drug lord Pablo Escobar. In Panama, he helped capture the brutal dictator Manuel Noriega, liberating a nation. From Vietnam to Iran to Mogadishu, Lt. General Jerry Boykin's life reads like an action-adventure novel. Boykin's powerful story will keep you riveted as he reveals how his military duty worked in tandem with his faith to bring him through the bloody storms of foreign battle-and through the political firestorm that ambushed him in his own country.	2008-07-29	FaithWords		English				ZZZ000000
9780316726603	The new biographical dictionary of film	David Thomson		For 25 years, David Thomson's Biographical Dictionary of Film has been not merely "the finest reference book ever written about movies" (Graham Fuller, Interview), not merely the "desert island book" of art critic David Sylvester, not merely "a great, crazy masterpiece" (Geoff Dyer, The Guardian), but also "fiendishly seductive" (Greil Marcus, Rolling Stone).Now it returns, with 300 new entries (making more than 1,300 in all), some of them just a pungent paragraph, some of them several thousand words long. In addition to the new "musts, " Thomson has added appealing figures from film history -- so now there are lively portraits of Eddie Cantor, Rin Tin Tin, Graham Greene, Pauline Kael, Abbott and Costello, Noel Coward, Raul Ruiz, Hoagy Carmichael, and more.As ever, the book is personal, opinionated, funny, daring, provocative, and passionate. It is something every filmmaker and film buff needs. But now it is more plainly a great, rare book encompassing the chaos of art, entertainment, money, vulgarity, and nonsense that we call the movies. TimeOut named it "One of the top ten books of the 1990s." Laura Miller called it "a great critic's great work." Gavin Lambert it as "a work of imagination in its own right." Now better than ever -- a masterwork by the man playwright David Hare called "the most stimulating and thoughtful film critic now writing."	2003-01	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780753800379	The new Cranks recipe book	Nadine Abensur		From warm asparagus salad to Homity Pie, from braised celery in cream sauce to chocolate pecan tart, this book draws its inspirations from all corners of the globe.	1997-09-08	Phoenix Illustrated		English				ZZZ000000
9780600621027	New Cryptic Crosswords,A New Compilation of 100 Daily Mail Crosswords	Daily Mail		Whether you've been completing crosswords for years or are new to one of the most popular daily activities in Britain, New Cryptic Crosswords Volume 10 is the perfect way to improve your vocabulary and the potency of your word power. Taken from the archives of one of the nation's most popular daily newspapers, this collection is also ideal for turning tedious situations like the daily commute into entertaining brain-training time, ensuring that your grey matter never gets dull. With this handy book by your side (or in your pocket), you'll see why the New Cryptic Crosswords series is the fastest-selling on the market.	2010-05-01	Octopus Publishing Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780304365975	New Instant Guide to Bridge	Hugh Kelsey&Ron Klinger		Rixi Markus, one of the all-time great names in bridge said of this book: 'I found myself agreeing with almost everything in this useful reference book; anyone who learns all the rules set out here will have the makings of an ideal bridge partner.'Ron Klinger has brought the bidding methods up to date to accord with current standard practice and has included sections on hand evaluation and competitive bidding strategy.	2003-04-10	Cassell P L C		English				ZZZ000000
9780752877532	News from Thrush Green	Miss Read		There are new people on the Green . . . When old Admiral Trigg and his sister Lucy died, their house - Tullivers - stood empty for many months. Then one bright April day, some discreet onlookers saw a good-looking woman pushing her way through the nettles to the front door. Who was she? Was she on her own? Had she bought the house, and if so, what kind of a neighbour would she be? These were just some of the questions asked by the curious residents of Thrush Green, a village bubbling with feuds, disasters and delights, all observed by Miss Read with her customary wry wit and charm.	2007-03-29	Orion		English				FIC000000
9780733616440	The new glucose revolution,losing weight	Jennie Brand Miller&Kaye Foster-Powell&Stephen Colagiuri		Obesity is now recognised as a serious and growing health concern in Australia-two in three men and one in two women are now overweight or obese. Even children are affected. This book shows how this major health concern can be easily overcome by following a low GI diet. Not all foods are created equal. When it comes to losing weight, it is not necessarily a matter of reducing how much you eat. This is where the GI plays a leading role. Low GI foods have two essential advantages for people trying to lose weight: 1 - They fill you up and keep you satisfied for longer; 2 - They help you burn more body fat and less muscle. The New Glucose Revolution Losing Weight emphasises that the best diet is the one that still allows you to eat your favourite foods and suits your lifestyle, because this is the one you're most likely to follow. It shows you how GI foods will help you lose weight and keep it off.	2003	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780733621239	The Low GI Guide to Managing PCOS	Janette Brand Miller&Jennie Brand-Miller&Nadir R. Farid&Kate Marsh		Updated to include latest statistics and Asian, Indian and Mediterranean recipes. Six to ten per cent of women of child-bearing age are affected by polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), a hormonal imbalance that can lead to infertility or reduced cha	2006-07	Hachette Australia		English				ZZZ000000
9780446531320	Nice girls don't get the corner office,101 unconscious mistakes women make that sabotage their careers	Lois P. Frankel		Frankel is a recognized expert in the fields of workplace behavior and female empowerment, and the president of Corporate Coaching International. She shows that half of the American workforce is made up of women, and they still earn 76.5 cents to every dollar earned by men.	2004-02-11	Warner Business Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781844035816	Nick Nairn Cook School Cookbook	Nick Nairn		Everyone thinks they know how to cook a steak. But do you know how to listen to your pan to find out whether it's too hot or too cold? How do you know when it's rare or well done? And what type of steak should you be cooking anyway? The Nick Nairn Cook School Cookbook cuts through this kitchen confusion by breaking down recipes into basic techniques, produce and equipment needed and includes tips from some of the country's top chefs. Split into three sections, the book is structured as a learning progression. From First Steps such as choosing and using produce, essential equipment and the philosophy of cooking to Essential Techniques, with easy-to-follow step-by-step photography and on to recipes including useful techniques and exercises to test your skills. You will progress from the simplest recipes to dishes for a dinner party for your friends or a satisfying supper for your family.	2008-03-15	Cassell Illustrated		English				ZZZ000000
9780297830689	Nineteenth-century design,from Pugin to Mackintosh	Charlotte Gere&Michael Whiteway		A well-researched historical and pictorial survey of design and decoration during the nineteenth century.	1993	Weidenfeld and Nicolson		English				ZZZ000000
9780340979754	NIV Gift and Award Bible	International Bible Society Staff		This NIV Bible is economically priced to make it the perfect gift for promotions, confirmations, and special achievements. It is the only NIV Gift and Award Bible available with anglicised text, with British spelling, grammar and punctuation to allow the Bible to be read fluently and understood more easily. This edition has a traditional look and feel with a black binding and gold foiling. It also includes a Bible Guide containing maps, a plan of the Bible, time charts and a table of weights and measures.	2009-06-01	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				REL006080
9780751539295	The No Asshole Rule,Building a Civilised Workplace and Surviving One That Isn't	Robert I. Sutton		When the Harvard Business Review asked Robert Sutton for suggestions for its annual list of Breakthrough Ideas, he told them that the best business practice he knew of was 'the no asshole rule'. Sutton's piece became one of the most popular articles ever to appear in the HBR. Spurred on by the fear and despair that people expressed, the tricks they used to survive with dignity in asshole-infested places, the revenge stories that made him laugh out loud and the other small wins that they celebrated against mean-spirited people, Sutton was persuaded to write THE NO ASSHOLE RULE. He believes passionately that civilised workplaces are not a naive dream, that they do exist, do bolster performance and that widespread contempt can be erased and replaced with mutual respect when a team or organisation is managed right. There is a huge temptation by executives and those in positions of authority to overlook this trait especially when exhibited by so-called producers, but Sutton shows how overall productivity suffers when the workplace is subjected to this kind of stress.	2008-12-04	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780755305216	None But the Brave	Joy Chambers		When two-year-old John Baron is rescued from war-torn France by his father's cousin, Ben, his future is irrevocably changed. John is brought up as Ben's son, unaware that the family he loves is not his own. In 1919, after only one of Ben's twin daughters, Samantha, survives the influenza epidemic, the family emigrates. They settle in rural Australia, and live happily until the children are in their late teens. Then a friend, Cashman, discovers by chance that John and Samantha are not true siblings, but keeps the secret ndash; for despite knowing the strength of their feelings for each other, he is determined to marry Samantha himself. Samantha and Cash begin a turbulent marriage, but the beginning of World War Two tears friends and family apart.	2003-12-04	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780747265498	Nothing Is Forever	June Tate		Following the loss of her fiancegrave; in WW1, a devastated Flora Ferguson arrives in Southampton, alone and desolate. With the love of her life gone for ever, she determines to devote herself to the street-children who live around the docks and to free them from their poverty and squalor. But through this sacrifice comes unexpected fulfilment, for not only does Flora find her work wonderfully rewarding, but she finds a new degree of happiness through her friendship with the handsome and dedicated Dr Richard Goodwin a man who shares her compassion and desire to help. Comforted by their closeness, Flora pushes away the thought that if only Richard weren't married to the spoilt and selfish Lydia, he may have been the one to mend her broken heart...	2003-06-12	Headline Book Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781841497679	Oath of Fealty	Elizabeth Moon		A death has made Kieri Phelan king of Lyona. Here humans and elves live in uneasy peace, united only by their failure to see the dangers at their borders. Harmony has never been more important - or elusive. But will Kieri's soldier background allow him to navigate these difficult politics? And can he awaken the powers his mixed blood confers?An older evil also threatens, affecting not just Lyona but all surrounding kingships. The Verrakai family has been practicing forbidden blood magic for generations, and its scions are becoming bold. When they infiltrate a foreign court and assassinate key nobles, it's clear they must be controlled or eradicated. Phelan will send Dorrin, the only Verrakai he can truly trust, on this mission. She must overcome her abhorrence of the power that is her birthright and awaken her own hidden magic. This will lead to secrets and a mystery that neither Phelan nor Dorrin could have anticipated.	2010-03-04	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				FIC009000
9780446393485	Obsessive Compulsive Disorders,Treating and Understanding Crippling Habits	Steven Levenkron		Running fifteen miles a day without being in training . . . taking two-hour showers and constantly changing clothes . . . working twelve hours a day, six days a week . . . these are obsessive-compulsive disorders. Now a world-renowned psychotherapist explains what they are, how they come about, and what can be done about them.	1992-01-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780751523898	An ocean apart	Robin Pilcher		When his wife dies of cancer,Davidrs"s life falls apart. Unable to pick up thepieces, he withdraws from his children, his parents andhis work, devoting all efforts to restoring a garden,cultivating an order and beauty he is denied elsewhere.Forced into a business trip in America, he hits rockbottom and then, through his friendship with an unhappyyoung boy, he finds the strength to recover and regain alonging a home.	2000	Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9780753824047	On the Edge,My Story	Richard Hammond		In September 2006, Richard Hammond suffered a serious brain injury following a high-speed car crash. Here is his compelling account of life before and after the accident and an honest description of his recovery, full of drama and incident. An adrenalin junkie long before his association with Top Gear, Richard tells the story of his life, from the small boy showing off with ridiculous stunts on his bicycle to the adolescent with a near-obsessive attraction to speed and the smell of petrol. After a series of jobs in local radio, he graduated to television. His insights into the personalities, the camaraderie, and the stunts for which Top Gear has become famous, make compulsive reading. It was while filming that Richard was involved in a high speed crash, driving a jet-powered dragster. His wife Mindy tells the story of the anxious hours and days of watching and waiting until he finally emerged from his coma. In an extraordinarily powerful piece of writing, she and Richard then piece together the stages of his recovery as his shattered mind slowly reformed. The final chapter recounts his return home and his triumphant reappearance in front of the cameras.	2008-07-02	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9781843916024	On the Elgin Marbles	William Hazlitt		The Elgin Marbles, brought to England from Athens in 1806, are the subject of three of Hazlitt's most famous and enduring essays: "On the Elgin Marbles," "On the Elgin Marbles: The Illisus," and "Prose Style and the Elgin Marbles." They are presented here alongside four other essays on the visual arts, which brilliantly connect the vitality of painting with that of sculpture and writing prose.	2008-10-15	Hesperus Press		English				ZZZ000000
9781420108712	Once Bitten	Clare Willis		A debut author offers a clever twist on the world of vampires (Alexandra Ivy), with this novel that tells the story of a modern romance between a savvy young advertising executive and a dashing vampire. Original.	2009	Zebra Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781420101669	Once Upon a Knight	Jackie Ivie		In the fog-filled Scottish Highlands of 1457, a sensual dare brings together a fiery lass and a mysterious suitor, but it will take far more for them to discover they've fallen in love. Original.	2009-10	Zebra Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780860685876	One fine day	Mollie Panter-Downes		It's a summer's day in 1946. The English village of Wealding is no longer troubled by distant sirens, yet the rustling coils of barbed wire are a reminder that something, some quality of life, has evaporated. Together again after years of separation, Laura and Stephen Marshall and their daughter Victoria are forced to manage without "those anonymous caps and aprons who lived out of sight and pulled the strings." Their rambling garden refuses to be tamed, the house seems perceptibly to crumble. But alone on a hillside, as evening falls, Laura comes to see what it would have meant if the war had been lost, and looks to the future with a new hope and optimism. First published in 1947, this subtle, finely wrought novel presents a memorable portrait of the aftermath of war, its effect upon a marriage, and the gradual but significant change in the nature of English middle-class life.	1985	Virago		English				ZZZ000000
9780749924638	One Foot in the Stars,The Story of the World's Most Extraordinary Healer	Matthew Manning&Tessa Rose		One Foot in the Stars is the amazing story of a healer who has transformed the lives of many thousands of people, and in the process turned his own life around. Matthew Manning first began having poltergeist experiences at the age of 11, later learning to channel his powers into automatic writing and drawing. In this extraordinary book he tells of his journey from troubled teenager to stage and television psychic, and how he was involved in more scientific research and testing than any other healer. He reveals how he found spiritual enlightenment and used his abilities to become one of the world's most gifted healers.	2003	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780752881805	One Hot Country Summer	Rebecca Shaw		When Kate worked at the Barleybridge Practice, she had thought herself in love with Scott. But that was years ago and she is over him now - or so she thinks. When she returns to the Practice, she is alarmed to discover that suddenly, yet again, she is completely besotted with him. Some things at the Practice have changed: there's a new vet, Virginia, who seems to go out of her way to criticise and upset Kate, not to mention upsetting the clients. But Virginia is not all she seems. Scott, very much in love with his wife Zoe, hates the idea that they have not yet had a second child. Convinced that the fault is not his, he refuses to seek help. The ensuing rows with Zoe drives a wedge between them. Will he look to someone else for comfort? Kate hopes that he might...	2007-10-04	Orion		English				FIC000000
9780340787212	One hundred ways for a cat to find its inner kitten	Celia Haddon		Finding your inner kitten is about finding serenity and peace. It's never too late, at any age, to have a happy kittenhood. The secret of this lies in your ability to integrate and transform your experiences with an inferior species, humans. Stop relying on humans to fulfill your physical, emotional and inner-kitten needs. You must take responsibility for your own welfare. Humans are emotionally inadequate. They cannot understand the purradigm of the cat-human partnership. Humans expect lifelong loyalty and love, failing to understand that this is the human part of the relationship. Their inevitable disappointment warps the relationship. Bowls of food are no substitute for proper hunting. The hard wired instinct to eye, stalk, pounce, tear off feathers and eat prey is unused and the inner kitten is unfulfilled. Catnip mice are no substitute for real mice. Humans enjoy playing with them. We cats do not recognise them as mice though we will occasionally join in this silly human game Acirc;shy; out of sheer good manners	2002-11-15	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340786055	One Hundred Ways for a Cat to Train Its Human	Celia Haddon		Though humans cannot speak cat, they vocalise repeatedly. Most of their vocalisations are meaningless and can be completely ignored. In urban areas, fun can be got from hunting human objects such as mink stoles or old underpants. For some reason this kind of prey is usually greeted with human laughter. To get a male human off an armchair, jump on the back of it, hold down his head with a firm paw and lick his bald patch. Purring right into the ear is one of the kindest ways to tell a human being that it is time to get out of bed.	2001	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340908624	One Hundred Ways for a Horse to Train Its Human	Tina Bettison		From the Family - pushy mother, long suffering father and sensitive daughter to the Nervous Adult Learner, The Yard Know It All and Dressage Diva it pays to know and understand your owner. Only this way can true one maintain a well trained and maintained human. This guide includes all a horse will ever need to know about its owner, it can also be invaluable to any human who is unsure which 'breed' they belong to.	2005-10-24	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340830734	One Voice	Christy Moore		Christy Moore is in every sense Ireland's folk hero. Mentor to a whole generation of Irish musicians, he holds a unique place in musical history. In l992 he broke all attendance records during 12 packed nights at the Point in Dublin. In the UK he fills concert halls around the country. In l997 he announced that he was taking an extended break from touring and recording. It was headline news in Ireland. So was his comeback which began in l999. Set to be an enormous best-seller, his autobiography marries both songs and memories. Around 250 of his favourite lyrics are accompanied by his memories around the song itself and his life. Each entry is fresh, direct, honest and spontaneous - like the most intimate diary. Through it he charts his life from drunk to sober, bar-room guitar player to international singer-songwriter.	2003-10-01	Hodder & Stoughton Educational		English				ZZZ000000
9781559705950	Only with the Heart	Sherri Szeman		The author of "The Kommandant's Mistress" now pens a riveting novel about a woman and a family pushed to the brink of destruction by Alzheimer's and facing the most difficult question of all: How far can you go in the name of love?	2001-10-09	Arcade Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780575065024	Opening Leads for Acol Players	Mike Lawrence&Ron Klinger		This guide aims to show the reader how to predict the way a game of bridge may develop, and by gathering all the threads of information from the bidding, make the most effective opening lead.	1997-08-01	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780749923983	Optimum nutrition for the mind	Patrick Holford		Optimum nutrition is a revolution in healthcare. Patrick Holford's first major book, and Optimum Nutrition Bible, dealt with the effect of good nutrition for the body. Optimum Nutrition for the Mind reveals what good nutrition can do for the mind. Some 80 per cent of us suffer from 'affluent malnutrition', and struggle to cope with the demands of 21st-century life. No wonder the World Health Organization has reported that mental health problems are fast becoming the world's number-one health issue.This is the first definitive, readable and practical guide to solving mental health problems through nutrition. Read this book and find out how you can use optimum nutrition to--Increase your IQ and improve your concentration-Boost your memory and sharpen your mind - whatever your age-Improve your mood, banish mood swings and beat depression-Conquer stress and anxiety and get a great night's sleepand how optimum nutrition can--Reverse learning difficulties, dyslexia and hyperactivity-Help children with Down's syndrome and autism-Prevent and arrest dementia, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease-Speed up recovery from schizophrenia	2003-09-25	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780575078031	Weapons of magical destruction	Stan Nicholls		The original Orcs trilogy ended with Stryke and his band of Orcs finding the ancestral Orc home hidden in another dimension. Orcs Bad Blood will tell the story of their hectic adventures in the other dimensions as they attempt to find peace for their race and escape the ever greedy, savage expansion of mankind.Fast moving, tongue-in-cheek and full of sorcery and bloodshed these are the perfect reads for the fantasy reader who wants a little fresh perspective on the endless war between good and evil.	2008	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780749927776	The Orgasmic Diet,Boost Your Libido and Achieve Orgasm	Marrena Lindberg		Improve your libido, enhance your sexual pleasure and expand your sexual horizons! It's been written about in Elle magazine and the Telegraph, mentioned in Forbes and joked about on the Tonight show - a sure sign that something has entered the cultural zeitgeist. Now for the millions of women unable to reach orgasm, or for those who want to improve their sex lives, here is a groundbreaking nutrition and exercise plan to bring women to orgasm for the first time - and every time they have sex! The Orgasmic Diet, by Marrena Lindberg, is designed to regulate a woman's brain chemistry and body functioning and bring her to mind-blowing orgasm. It achieves this through four easy-to-adapt elements including: a diet low in carbohydrates that avoids 'orgasm killers' like refined sugar and caffeine; high doses of fish oils, vitamin C and dark chocolate (yes, chocolate!); internal exercises that go far beyond Kegels; and maintenance of serotonin and dopamine levels. Unlike other orgasm books out there, which just focus on new positions to try or psychological issues, here is the first-ever scientifically supported nutritional and exercise programme to improve female libido and orgasmic ability - a must-have guide for any woman who wants to take her sex life to a whole new level.	2007-05-03	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780747268444	Oxford shadows	Veronica Stallwood		Oxfordshire appeared to be a haven of safety for many children sent away from the bombs falling on London in 1944, but for 10-year-old Chris Barnes, the result was death. Over 50 years later, novelist Kate Ivory, searching for material for her latest historical romance, uncovers Chris's tragic tale. Amongst piles of old papers in the attic of the house she shares with her partner, George, she finds the child's diary and a haunting photograph of a face she cannot forget. Kate determines to uncover the mystery surrounding Chris's death, but George's family appear to be implicated and Kate is faced with an impossible choice...	2001-07-05	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780747260097	Oxford shift	Veronica Stallwood		Joyce Fielding walked out one afternoon into the streets of Oxford and just disappeared. And now, Kate Ivory has been hired to find her. Joyce is a respectable widow in her sixties and there is nothing at first glance to explain her disappearance, so Kate consults her own mother, the irrepressible Roz, to help solve the puzzle. It isn't long before Kate, following Joyce's trail, discovers a dead body. The police may think that Joyce is a murderer and Kate an interfering amateur, but Kate realises that Joyce has unwittingly walked into danger, and that the hunt for the missing grandmother is a race against time...	2000-07-06	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780340987438	Instant Manager Value Pack,Be in Control	Hodder & Stoughton UK		Stay on top of your workload with these invaluable guides, packed with expert advice and time-saving tips. Supported and endorsed by the highly respected Chartered Management Institute, this three-volume collection is annbsp;essential addition tonbsp;any manager's library.Time Management, by Polly Bird, is specifically tailored to givenbsp;you an understanding of how time management can helpnbsp;you at work, focusing on what time management is and why it is important in management.Emotional Intelligenceby Jill Dann teaches how EI is useful in developing your staff and how it can help in achieving a good work/life balance. Two particularly fascinating chapters cover EI within the contexts of social diversity and conflict resolution.Information Overload, by Tina Konstant and Morris Taylor, is essential reading for anyone who has more work than time; is reluctant to speed-read in case vital information is missed; or regularly deals with difficult, dull, or technical information.	2008-12-01	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340954867	It's a PC World,What It Means to Live in a Land Gone Politically Correct	Edward Stourton		Gourmets who relish foie gras, lovers of language who think that 'chairs' are for sitting on, Christians who think that a carol service ought to have something to do with the birth of Christ and old fashioned hacks who believe that telling the truth matters more than hurting people's feelings; almost all of us have a hobby horse we like to ride into battle against Political Correctness. And yet the PC phenomenon just seems to keep growing, touching every facet of our lives from our pleasures to our politics. Why? Could it be that this much-derided scourge of the modern world contains a germ of goodness? Edward Stourton finds examples in all walks of life ndash; and explodes a few myths along the way. His witty and thought-provoking manoeuvres through the pros and cons of PC are both entertaining and at times unexpectedly disturbing.	2008-11-13	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780446616515	Pearl Jinx	Sandra Hill		The Jinx Inc. treasure-hunting company has a new mission - to find the 'cave pearls' rumoured to exist in the bottom-most cavity of an ancient cave. But first, mission leader Caleb Peach has to find an expert consultant. An ex-Navy SEAL, Caleb is used to getting his man but Dr Claire Cassidy, archaeologist extraordinaire, is proving hard to pin down. Only after he tracks her down on her fishing holiday and proves that Jinx Inc. is an upstanding, responsible company does the she sign on the dotted line. The attraction is immediate but Caleb and Claire are very different people. He's buttoned up and goes by the book and still carries a lot of bitterness because of a painful past. She's a free spirit and truly self-sufficient and independent, yet she's not opposed to the possibility of love in her life.With Claire's help, along with the assistance of Cajun Healer, Tante Lulu, Caleb and his family reconcile. At about the ame time, adventure and hilarity abound as the crew of Jinx Inc. begin the search for and find the fabled cave pearls.	2007-07-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781933821375	The Royals,Their Lives, Loves and Secrets	Editors of People Magazine		From storybook weddings to family intrigue to the pageantry of ancient dynasties, the world of royalty is a modern-day fractured fairy tale. People goes behind palace walls to reveal the priceless jewels, sumptuous hideways and luxurious lifestyles of the rich and royal crowns, castles, servants, romances, pomp secrets and scandals: it's all here in a picture-packed, 144 page look at the public show and private lives of Prince William, Prince Harry, the British royal family and other privileged titleholders from around the world.	2007-04-10	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9780446694483	Perfecting Your Purpose,40 Days to a More Meaningful Life	David D. Ireland		Dr. David Ireland shows people yearning to find fulfillment how to follow Gods 40-day plan to discover meaning and direction in their lives. The Bible reveals that Moses, Ezekiel, David, and other biblical heroes each experienced a 40-day Transforming Interval that completely changed their outlooks and actions. Dr. Ireland leads readers on their own Transforming Intervals, during which they will develop new spiritual practices, mental disciplines, and emotional habits that will make their purposes not just dreams but reality. A whole new life awaits each readerin just 40 days.	2006-05-03	FaithWords		English				ZZZ000000
9781847440709	Prophecy of the Sisters	Michelle Zink		Sixteen year-old Lia Milthorpe and her twin sister Alice have just become orphans and, as Lia discovers, they have also become enemies. The twins are part of an ancient prophecy that has turned generations of sisters against each other. To escape from a dark fate and to remain in the arms of her beloved boyfriend James, Lia must end the prophecy before her sister does.	2008-03-01	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				FIC002000
9781842126202	Personal history	Katharine Graham		Katharine Graham's father was a multi-millionaire who left private business and government service to buy and restore the down-and-out Washington Post. Her husband Phil Graham was a brilliant and charismatic man whose plunge into manic depression and eventual suicide is recounted movingly and charitably in this book. Above all, Katharine Graham tells her own story - the contradictions of her privileged yet lonely childhood; the tragic drama of her marriage - and the challenges of her new life as the head of a great newspaper company.An extraordinarily frank, honest and generous book by one of America's most famous and admired women, owner of one of its greatest newspapers, the Washington Post. This is more than the mere life story of a successful woman. It deals with power and politics at the centre, and the relationship between the White House and the press, notably over Watergate.	2002-08-01	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780340834008	Peter Alliss,my life	Peter Alliss		Peter Alliss has spent his entire life steeped in golf. He was born in 1931, the son of Percy Alliss, one of Britain's leading professionals between 1920 and 1939. Peter himself turned professional in 1947, at the age of sixteen. During his pro career, which lasted until 1974, Peter won three British PGA championships, played in eight Ryder Cup teams, and ten teams representing England in the World Cup. He won 23 major tournaments in all, his most memorable achievement being in 1958 when he won the Italian, Spanish and Portuguese Open Championships in three successive weeks. He has had a colourful personal life, which has not always been easy; he has been married twice and had five children, and also had to learn to cope with the grievous loss of his young daughter, Victoria. Peter Alliss is now universally known and loved for his golfing commentaries throughout the world, for the BBC in the UK and ABC in the US. For millions of people around the world, Peter Alliss is 'the Voice of Golf,' and his unique style has added insight for the viewer of the televised game. He was recently voted by Golf Digest as 'The Best Golf Commentator ... Ever.'	2005-06-06	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780751534061	The ph miracle,balance your diet, reclaim your health	Robert O. Young		Forget cholesterol counts. Forget calories and fat grams. Forget blood pressure, blood sugar, hormone levels or any other markers of health you're used to hearing about. If you want to lose weight and prevent or reverse diseases like diabetes, heart disease and even cancer, you can follow the guidelines in The pH Miracle. Dr Robert Young and his wife, Shelley, reveal a revolutionary diet and lifestyle program that unlocks the secrets of pH balance and of food as a healer, restorer, balancer and life-giver. They illustrate that the single most important measurement of your health is the pH of your blood and tissues - how acidic or alkaline they are. In fact, the entire metabolic process depends on an alkaline environment and chronic over-acidity corrodes body tissue. The pH miracle shows readers simply and clearly how to get a balanced system with a proven program that explains how to eat optimally for health and weight loss. You'll learn which foods to eat, which foods can be combined safely, which should be eaten alone, which should be avoided altogether and which supplements can help. In just weeks, you'll have more energy, a stronger immune system and will shed pounds and inches.	2003-03-06	Time Warner		English				ZZZ000000
9780749926489	Phenomenon,Everything You Need to Know about the Paranormal	Sylvia Browne		Sylvia Browne's Phenomenon is a compendium of all things that influence our life here on earth from The Other Side. The book is filled with Sylvia's stories and explanations, making The Other Side real for the rest of us. It also includes approximately 20 illustrations that will accompany some of the entries in the A to Z list of every psychic phenomenon a person can encounter on Earth.Entries include Atlantis, Angels, Banshees, Clairvoyants, Curses, Chakras, Devils, Doppelgangers, ESP, Extraterrestrials, Fairies, Ghosts, Gnomes, Hypnosis, Incubus, Jackals, Karma, Lemuria, Morphic Resonance, Numerology, Oujia Boards, Poltergeists, Psychic Attacks, Qumran, Remote Viewing, Reincarnation, Sixth Sense, Stigmata, Tarot Cards, Third Eye, Ultraterrestrials, Voodoo, Vampires, Xanadu, and Zombies, among many others.	2005-10-27	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9781559706933	Phobias,Fighting the Fear	Helen Saul		Millions suffer from one phobia or another. A comprehensive study that explores and reassures, which Library Journal proclaims "is the only one of its kind."	2004-01	Arcade Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781856752404	Pilates Plus,Grown-Up Pilates for 50+	Alan Herdman&Gill Paul		No one over 50 escapes without one or more physical problems: joint pain, osteoporosis, arthritic hands, pelvic floor weakness, circulation problems, hip replacement surgery... Fortunately, Pilates is the perfect exercise system for relieving the pain, discomfort, and limited mobility that come with all of the above. Now, with Pilates Plus--an approach specifically adapted for later life by a world-renowned expert--older men and women can achieve a degree of flexibility they haven't enjoyed since their 20s. Exercises targeted to specific areas, as well as a gentle top-to-toe daily workout, make it the ideal plan for seniors--even those who haven't exercised in decades. And the surprisingly early results it achieves will make every user a convert to Pilates for life.	2005-10-28	Gaia		English				ZZZ000000
9780340960783	Pilgrim state	Jacqueline Walker		PILGRIM STATE is a stunning memoir which tells the story of Dorothy Walker equal parts beautiful, headstrong, brave and tragic. Her life is lovingly recreated by her daughter Jacqueline in homage to the remarkable woman she was. In the haunting opening pages, set in Pilgrim State mental facility in New York State in 1951, Dorothy has been forcibly sectioned and is battling to keep her children and her sanity. She will struggle all her life to retain both. Dorothy and her children return to Jamaica before finally making a home in post-Windrush London in the early 60s. Dorothy and her children face prejudice and loss but are bound by incredible love and their unique sense of family. This will prove to be Dorothys greatest gift. Stories like PILGRIM STATE dont come along that often. And when they do you recognise you have something very special. And when a voice is this strong and original, you stop to listen. PILGRIM STATE celebrates place, the life-affirming nature of family and the bonds between mothers and daughters that can never be broken. The story is haunting and powerful and speaks for generations of women, resonating long after the story ends. Jacqueline Walker has done her mother proud.	2008-04-03	Sceptre		English				ZZZ000000
9780340980156	Pilgrim's Progress	John Bunyan&Rhona Pipe		Walking through the wilderness of this world I came upon a place where there was a hollow. There I lay down to sleep: and as I slept I dreamed a dream. Pilgrim's Progresstells the story of Christian and his spiritual pilgrimage from the City of Destruction to the Celestial City. On his journey he experiences joy, struggle, temptation, and danger during his memorable encounters with such characters as Pliable, Talkative, Giant Despair, Worldly-Wiseman, Evangelist, Apollyon, Faithful, Hopeful, and Ignorance. One of the most significant works in the English language, it has encouraged and inspired generations of Christians in their own spiritual journeys.	2010	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340253571	Pilgrim's Rest	Patricia Wentworth		Judy Elliot, meeting an old friend, Detective Sergeant Abbott tells him that, having been left the custody of her motherless little niece, she is taking a domestic job in the country with a family named Pilgrim. Frank is appalled, mysterious deaths have been taking place there. A curse is on the house of Pilgrim's Rest and by the time Miss Silver investigates she has four murders to solve.	1980	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9781847440792	Pitch Black	Alex Gray		When Chief Inspector Lorimer returns from his holiday on the island of Mull, he feels a welcome sense of calm. But it doesn't last long. Kelvin FC's new star midfielder is found brutally stabbed to death in his own home and, with his wife apprehended trying to leave the country, a seemingly straightforward new case begins. But the grisly murder of a referee after a Kelvin match throws light on some dark secrets at the ground. And when the latest signing to the club becomes the latest victim in a string of killings, Lorimer knows there's a serial killer on the loose - one that's only beginning to show his true colours. As lies emerge and tensions build, the players and managers live under the constant threat of becoming the next Kelvin fatality. Building to a dark and suspenseful climax, Pitch Black is Alex Gray's most powerful work to date.	2008-04-03	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9780575067073	Plan the Play,Problems in Declarer Play for Intermediate Players	Dave Huggett&Stephen Cashmore		Demonstrating 60 single dummy problems, designed for experienced but not expert players, this book aims to familiarize players with card combinations likely to turn up at the table. It shows how they can be solved by using logic, leading to greater confidence in the player.	1998-10-01	Victor Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780340935484	Playing the Fat Girl	Mikyla Dodd		PLAYING THE FAT GIRL is the story of a girl who spent her childhood and teen years caught up in a cyle of binge-eating, gaining a stone every year of her life, to reach her early twenties weighing 24 stone. Despite this she fulfilled her dreams of becoming an actress and for four years played Chloe in Hollyoaks, in a ground-breaking role as the first character on the show who didn't conform to the glossy format. Mikyla went on to break her dependency on food and shed an incredible 9 stone to reach her healthy weight of 15 stone (and 6 foot!) today. She will never be skinny, but she is happy and healthy. This is a memoir about being different and suffering for it, and about having the courage to change your life.	2008-02-07	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780575067363	Playing to Win at Bridge	Ron Klinger		This is the revised edition of an established classic guide to bridge. It uses ingenious problems to help improving players achieve better results.	1999-09-23	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780340952979	Please Forgive Me	Melissa Hill		Leonie was in love and engaged. But now she has fled her beloved Dublin to start again - somewhere no one knows her or the secret she's running from. Settling in to her new apartment she happens upon a bundle of love letters, all written by a man called Nathan to an unknown woman, and all intriguingly ending with thenbsp;same three wordsnbsp;'Please forgive me'. Moved by Nathan's heartfelt words, Leonie sets out to uncover the mystery behind the couple and what went wrong between them. If she reunites the letters with their rightful owner, might the love of Nathan's life find it in her heart to forgive him? And along the way, Leonie might just resolve a few forgiveness issues of her own . . .	2009-10-01	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340952986	Please Forgive Me	Melissa Hill		Leonie was in love and engaged. But now she has fled her beloved Dublin to start again - somewhere no one knows her or the secret she's running from. Settling in to her new apartment she happens upon a bundle of love letters, all written by a man called Nathan to an unknown woman, and all intriguingly ending with thenbsp;same three wordsnbsp;'Please forgive me'. Moved by Nathan's heartfelt words, Leonie sets out to uncover the mystery behind the couple and what went wrong between them. If she reunites the letters with their rightful owner, might the love of Nathan's life find it in her heart to forgive him? And along the way, Leonie might just resolve a few forgiveness issues of her own . . .	2010-03-18	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780752864198	Mother's Day	Alexandra Fraser&Katherine Lapworth		Based on the hugely popular BBC television series, this special pocket-sized edition tells you everything you need to know to make Mother's Day special:Beauty treats - from hair and beauty to aromatherapy massageTop tips for a stress-free shopping tripBouquets and arrangements - making the most of flowersHow to give the perfect Mother's Day partyThe Trade Secrets professionals give you all the advice you need for a perfect Mother's Day!	2005	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780758215536	Poisoned Tarts	G. A. McKevett		As Halloween approaches, P.I. Savannah Reid finds herself knee-deep in tricks and treats when a member of The Skeleton Key Three, a celebutante clique, goes missing, and the wealthy host of the annual Halloween bash is murdered. Reprint.	2009	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780340935644	Solving the Psychic Mysteries Behind Unsolved Cases	Tony Stockwell		Living TV (Street Psychic, Psychic Detective) psychic Tony Stockwell is regularly asked by victims of crime and their families, to use his psychic powers to help investigate unsolved cases. Tony uses his powers to shed light on the mysteries and to help console the people involved. In this fascinating collecticn, he opens his psychic case files, including: Murder in the Woods - a young boy's body is found hanging. Tony links this case to the disappearance of another local child... Jack the Ripper - walking the streets of his native East End, Tony finds new evidence to shed light on this age-old case... Missing Children - Two children mysteriously disappear while their mother's back is turned. Later, Tony finds a clue to their whereabouts... And many more...this is a treasure trove for anyone interested in the realm beyond our own. Book jacket.	2008-03-06	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780749916039	Psychic protection,creating positive energies for people and places	William Bloom		Offers a look at how to create safe "psychic places" and benevolent feelings in the face of difficult and challenging situations, such as meeting new people, traffic jams and long lines, and emotionally charged family get-togethers	1997-06	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780749926069	Psychic World of Derek Acorah,Discover How to Develop Your Hidden Powers	Derek Acorah		Have you ever had a dream that came true? Or sensed that someone was present even though no one was physically there? Or discovered you could read a friend's mind? In this fascinating book, renowned psychic Derek Acorah reveals that we all have psychic potential and shows us how we can tap into and develop our psychic ability. You will learn how to: build your psychic awareness through meditation develop telepathy skills and divination techniques use the spirit world for guidance and healing identify paranormal experiences Packed with the insights, in-depth knowledge and good humour of one of the world's most amazing psychics, The Psychic World of Derek Acorah will change your life forever. 'Derek's clairvoyant skills have stunned the scientific community and proven to be incredibly accurate.' Dr Larry Montz, Chairman and founder of the International Society for Paranormal Research.	2005-01-06	Piatkus		English				ZZZ000000
9780751537147	Punishment	Anne Holt		Labelled a reserved pushover by her co-workers, Tamara Britton finds a deeper understanding of God and her family history at the Care for Kids Agency, through the bond she forms with Sienna Larson - the young girl who she has taken into her home.The characters learn that no matter what the circumstance, God is in control of not just some things but of all things.	2007-07-24	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9780749937430	Reach for Tomorrow	Jessica Blair		Marie Newton is the daughter of the famous painter Arthur Newton, and she has inherited much of her father's skill. Luckily he is happy to encourage his daughter's talent and sends her to a prestigious art school in Paris along with her best friend Lucy, a young widow. The girls both find sweethearts in Paris, though this does not bring happiness for Lucy. In order to help her recovery, Arthur proposes that the girls join him and his wife on a visit to America to visit relatives. But Arthur's past is about to catch up with him, as Edward Clayton is determined to find his real father. His widowed mother Colette is apprehensive about his quest as she knows Arthur Newton is now married with a daughter. Edward remains determined nonetheless and follows the clues from Paris to America where he must face a tragedy that has left a shattered family.	2007-11-08	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340828090	Ready or not	Chris Manby		When I do becomes I don't know Every bride is entitled to some pre-wedding jitters. And what girl wouldn't think twice about marriage when her fiance gets his eyebrows shaved off just in time to look horrendous for the photographs? But what if it's not the ceremony that freaks you out but the happy every after? Heidi Savage is wondering whether she can really forsake all others for macho, beer-swilling Ed. And how can the couple who've never even been baby-sitters be ready to start a family of their own? Will the answer come in the form of her ex-boyfriend Steven? Grown-up, gorgeous and good-with-children. Is Heidi's dilemma simply a case of right shoes, right dress, wrong husband?	2005	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780340838662	Ready Or Not?	Chris Manby		Every bride is entitled to some pre-wedding jitters. And what girl wouldn't think twice about marriage when her fiancegrave; gets his eyebrows shaved off just in time to look horrendous for the photographs. But what if it's not the ceremony that freaks you out but the happy ever after? Heidi Savage is wondering whether she can really forsake all others for macho, beer-swilling Ed. And how can a couple who've never even been baby-sitters be ready to start a family of their own? Will the answer come in the form of her ex-boyfriend Steven? Grown-up, gorgeous and good-with-children. Is Heidi's dilemma simply a case of right shoes, right dress, wrong husband?	2005-03-29	Hodder		English				HUM000000
9781585713455	Reckless Surrender	Rochelle Alers		A successful businesswoman finds her perfect world shattered when she meets a handsome, arrogant, sensual man, who tempts her to leave her boyfriend. Original.	2009-05-27	Kensington Publishing Corporation		English				ZZZ000000
9780749929916	Reclaiming Virtue,How We Can Develop the Moral Intelligence to Do the Right Thing at the Right Time for the Right Reason	John BRADSHAW		John Bradshaw is one of the bestselling self-help authors of our generation and a dominant figure in the fields of addiction/recovery and family systems. In RECLAIMING VIRTUE, his first new book in more than ten years, Bradshaw takes on a new challenge. He has written a landmark exploration of the life of virtue, how we can develop it in ourselves, and how we can teach it to our children. RECLAIMING VIRTUE redefines what it means to live a moral life in today's world. Coming at a time of heightened debate about public and private morality, a time of greed and lack of caring, he says that the answer is not simply to return to traditional rules-based morality and an idealised past. Instead, he shows that each of us has what he calls an inborn moral intelligence, an inner guidance system, that can lead us ? if we know how to cultivate it in ourselves and others. Step by step, Bradshaw shows us how our deepest instincts for goodness can be developed in childhood and nurtured throughout adult life. The result is a compelling vision of good character and moral responsibility for the modern world. Whether the topic is sex, discipline, marriage, the development of conscience or the true aims of education, Bradshaw once again provokes, enlightens and inspires readers everywhere.	2009-05-07	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780575084001	Red Gloves	Beth Vaughan		Red Gloves is a mercenary, raised to the blade and trained in the ways of war. She'll take no nonsense and pull no punches; she seizes what she wants and leaves when she's done. She and Bethral, her sword-sister, have come to Palins looking for work, but they find torched fields and razed farms, a land defiled. During a storm they stumble across a derelict mansion and beg shelter of the sole human occupant, the resident goatherd. He's not happy, and he's not impressed with the stroppy mercenary - but Red Gloves is even less impressed when he notices her birthmark and claims it marks her out as Chosen, born to help the people of Palins reclaim their land. Her inclination to help dwindles still further when she discovers there's no money, no reward, in fact, nothing in store for the Chosen but a difficult, bloody battle against the odds. So she takes what she wants of the goatherd, and she leaves. But circumstances force Red back to the mansion, and this time she's more inclined to help - after all, impossible odds and bloody battles are very much her style. She's poised, reluctantly, to do her thing, when it turns out she's not the only Chosen in the race for freedom, and the crown . . . RED GLOVES: a beguiling tale of daggers, derring-do and destiny, and heroes who come in all shapes and sizes.	2008-10-16	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780297843498	Remarkable trees of the world	Thomas Pakenham		Following the extraordinary success of MEETINGS WITH REMARKABLE TREES, Thomas Pakenham broadens his search for remarkable specimens around the world. From North and South America to Europe, from Asia, South Africa and Madagascar to Australia and New Zealand, he presents us with trees of personality and presence: Dwarfs, Giants, Monuments, and Aliens - the lovingly tended midgets of Japan; the massive 'General Sherman' of Sierra Nevada; the Mexican Tule Bald Cypress; the enormous strangler from India now romping about the University of Palermo in Sicily; and the 4,700 year old 'Old Methusalehs', the bristlecone pines discovered in the White Mountains of California. From ancient yews and ginkos to colossal redwoods and fairytale baobabs, this book is the fruit of Thomas Pakenham's search for the most remarkable trees of the world.	2003-08-21	Weidenfeld & Nicolson		English				ZZZ000000
9781841491363	Remnant population	Elizabeth Moon		People had always told Ofelia what to do; for once she was going to do what she wanted. She refused to get on the Cyro Ships, refused to leave the only world she could call home. And when they finally came for her, she hid.Now the widow Ofelia is alone, the only remaining settler on an abandoned planet.The new colonists arrive. At first she fears they have come to reoccupy the world she has come to think of as hers - but they land far away. And as Ofelia secretly listens, they are slaughtered to the last child by a race of primitive aliens that no one even knew existed.And now only Ofelia can save the aliens from Earth's wrath.	2002-03-07	Orbit		English				FIC000000
9780340921401	Requiem	Robyn Young		1295 AD. The Christian empire in the Holy Land lies in ruins. Returning to Paris, Templar Knight Will Campbell is at a crossroads. He has sworn to uphold the principles of the Anima Templi, a secret brotherhood within the Order whose aim is peace -nbsp;but peace seems ever more impossible. The Temple has forged an alliance with Will's enemy, King Edward of England, vowing to help him wage war on Scotland. This pact against his homeland strikes at the core of Will's faith and allegiances, while his growing estrangement from his daughter, Rose, leads her into a dangerous affair. Will now faces a bitter choice: to stay with the Temple and fight another war he doesn't believe in, or to break his vows and forge his own path to peace -nbsp;even if that too means fighting - for the Scots. Soon caught up in bloody conflict, Will is unaware that an even more ominous threat is rising, for there is a warrior king on the throne of France whose desire for supremacy knows no bounds and who will stop at nothing to fulfil his twisted ambitions. The fight for the Holy Land has ended. nbsp;The Temple's last battle has just begun.	2008-10-16	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780758227324	Requiem for a Mezzo	Carola Dunn		Daisy Dalrymple is up to her fashionable bob in a murder case in bohemian post World War I Chelsea. When an opera diva dies during a performance of Verdi's "Requiem", Daisy and Scotland Yard Inspector Alec Fletcher soon discover the singer had her share of adversaries. Did one of them poison the acclaimed mezzo soprano?	2008-06-24	Kensington Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780446697873	Revolution on Canvas, Volume 2,Poetry from the Indie Music Scene	Rich Balling		Indie rock music burst onto the scene in the early '80s with bands like Sonic Youth. A decade later, the music of Pavement, Guided By Voices, and Radiohead brought tons of new converts. Today, indie rock has exploded across all media, from popular TV shows such as The O.C. to numerous commercials and sold-out stadium tours. The poetry and stories in REVOLUTION ON CANVAS, VOLUME 2 range from the hysterically funny to the achingly sad and are written by the biggest names in indie rock today. The Deftones, Fall Out Boy, Armor for Sleep, Motion City Soundtrack, Atreyu, and A Static Lullaby are just some of the bands included in the second installment of this extraordinary and fascinating series.	2007-05-30	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781845335380	RHS Take Chelsea Home,Practical Inspiration from the Chelsea Flower Show	Chris Young		Best Garden Design from the Chelsea Flower Show is for all gardeners inspired by the famous RHS show, either by visiting it (157000 visitors annually) or through television coverage (NZ, Aus, France, Russia, Canada, and more). The book features best planning, design and decoration ideas from the last five years of shows, including masterclasses with gold-medal winners, celebrity designers, RHS experts and the world's top plantsmen and plantswomen. The design and planting ideas inside the book are not just enviable but are made achievable for show-goers and armchair gardeners alike.	2010-04-01	Octopus Publishing Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780446359894	Ribbon in the Sky	Dorothy Garlock		Love is put to the ultimate test as spritely Letty Pringle is banished by her cruel father to raise her son on a desolate farm in Nebraska in the early 1900's.	1991-12-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780446696753	Rich Dad's Classics	Robert T. Kiyosaki&Sharon L. Lechter		As USA TODAY heralded in its review, Rich Dad Poor Dad is a starting point for anyone looking to gain control of their financial future. Now, that future just got brighter with RICH DADS CLASSICS: Rich Dad Poor Dad, the book that started it all, reveals what the rich teach their kids about moneythat the poor and middle-class do not; Rich Dads Cashflow Quadrant continues the lessons with the four best ways to make money; and Rich Dads Guide to Investing shows readers how to benefit from simple investing secrets. With the invaluable knowledge gained from these first three books, readers will be on their way to financial freedom in no timeat a very affordable price.	2005-09-14	Warner Adult		English				ZZZ000000
9780753822418	Riding the Rap	Elmore Leonard		Palm Beach playboy Chip Ganz needs money - fast. He has spiralling debts, and his mother's gravy-train has just derailed. So he has a plan: he's going to find somebody rich, and take them hostage. With the help of an ex-con, a psycho gardener and the beautiful psychic Reverend Dawn, he chooses bookmaker Harry Arno as the lucky victim.The trouble is, Harry can scam with the best of them. And that's not the only problem. US Marshal Raylan Givens is sleeping with Harry's ex girlfriend, Joyce, and she wants Harry found.And when everyone's got a gun, someone is going to get hurt...	2009-07-01	Orion Publishing Group, Limited		English				FIC022010
9780316730914	The right attitude to rain	Alexander McCall Smith		The key to contentment in the Scottish climate is the right attitude to rain - just as in life the key to happiness lies in making the best of what you have. Bruised in love by her faithless Irish husband, Isabel Dalhousie is a connaisseur of intimate moral issues: she edits a philosophical journal and spends a great deal of her time considering how to improve the lives of those around her. There is her housekeeper Grace, whose future she must secure; her niece Cat, who is embarking on a new relationship with a dubious workaholic mummy's boy; and even an American couple newly arrived in Edinburgh on a tour. And then there is Jamie, Cat's ex-boyfriend, a handsome, gifted musician fourteen years Isabel's junior, with whom she is slowly and hopelessly falling in love. Intensely thoughtful and consistently entertaining, THE RIGHT ATTITUDE TO RAIN is shot through with compassion and unassuming intelligence.	2006	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780446549585	Right on the Money,Financial Advice for Tough Times.	Pat Robertson		You know that Pat Robertson is a world-famous televangelist, but did you know that he's also an expert in financial matters? In his weekly broadcast segment, "Money Monday", Dr. Robertson answers viewers' questions about all things financial. His deep knowledge of finance, based on sound economic - and Biblical - principles, has made him a "go to" resource for hundreds of thousands of CBN viewers.  Now he has written a book that is accessible to everyone and provides answers people desperately need in today's tough times. Among the topics he addresses are how to:Create a healthy financial planDevise spending strategies tohelp you live within your budgetIdentify areas where your money can growBuild a nesteggMaximize your tax savingsCut costsDiminish your debtInvest wiselyMake prudent financial decisionsPlan for the futureEnjoy peace of mind and God's financial protectionRIGHT ON THE MONEY also includes a financial glossary, worksheets and a special section of the most frequently asked questions & answers about keeping what you have and growing your personal net worth.	2009-05-27	Faith Words		English				ZZZ000000
9780821258132	Rightsizing Your Life,Simplifying Your Surroundings While Keeping What Matters Most	Ciji Ware&Gail Sheehy		A practical, down-to-earth guide for rightsizing: the buzzword for streamlining your possessions and making time for the things that matter most in middle age. Millions of midlife Americans are starting to reevaluate their surroundings as their kids begin to leave the nest and they themselves start to think about retirement. Whether theyre going from the multi-bedroom suburban house to a condo in the city, or downsizing from two homes to one, or making room for grandchildren to visit or an elderly relative to join the family, the trend for people in their 50s and beyond is a shift to well-planned living quarters that suit their age, stage, and situation. And in making this transition, theyll face the daunting task of paring down a lifetime of possessions while furnishing their new lives with things that have meaning. This simplification of surroundings and stuffcalled rightsizingwill liberate people in midlife to pursue their passions and hobbies without the responsibilities of a big house weighing them down. RIGHTSIZING YOUR LIFE will be the first comprehensive, practical guide to this winnowing process, providing a six-step plan to get startedas well as tips on how to deal with the emotional factors (an attachment to your possessions, nostalgic mates, reluctant kids) that can stall the process and sabotage sensible decisionmaking.	2007-01-04	Springboard Press		English				ZZZ000000
9780316899987	River, cross my heart	Breena Clarke		Five-year-old Clara Bynum is dead, drowned in the Potomac River in the shadow of a seemingly haunted rock outcropping known locally as the Three Sisters. River, Cross My Heart, which marks the debut of a wonderfully gifted new storyteller, weighs the effect of Clara's absence on the people she has left behind: her parents, Alice and Willie Bynum, torn between the old world of their rural North Carolina home and the new world of the city, to which they have moved in search of a better life for themselves and their children; the friends and relatives of the Bynum family in the Georgetown neighborhood they now call home; and, most especially, Clara's sister, ten-year-old Johnnie Mae, who must come to terms with the powerful and confused emotions stirred by her sister's death as she struggles to decide what kind of woman she will become. This highly accomplished first novel resonates with ideas, impassioned lyricism, and poignant historical detail as it captures an essential part of the African-American experience in our century.	1999	Little, Brown		English				ZZZ000000
9780751538731	The Riverman	Alex Gray		When the dead body of a man is fished out of Glasgow?s River Clyde the morning after an office celebration, it looks like a case of accidental death. An anonymous telephone call and a forensic toxicology test, however, give DCI Lorimer reason to think otherwise. Probing deeper into the life and business of the deceased accountant, Duncan Forbes, a seemingly upright member of the community, Lorimer find only yet more unanswered questions. What is the secret his widow seems to be concealing? Is there any reason to think that the international accountancy firm was facing financial difficulties? What has become of the dead man?s protege who has disappeared in New York? And when the firm?s human resources manager is found dead in her riverside flat these questions become only more complex -- not to mention more disturbing.And Lorimer is having to cope not only with deceptions devised to hide the facts, but also with suspicions from those far closer to home . . .	2009-04-14	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780297856719	Road Dogs	Elmore Leonard		Cundo Rey says Jack Foley is the only white guy in prison he can trust. Foley is the celebrity bank robber from Out of Sight; Cundo, last seen in LaBrava, is a millionaire hustler doing time for first degree. Foley was laid low on a job he should have carried off, and his thirty years aren't going quick. When he escapes he's marched back inside by one Karen Sisco - though not, of course, before they catch up. But then Cundo pays a hot attorney to get Foley's time reduced. Thirty years turn to thirty months and the golden boy drags himself from Karen to see to Cundo's affairs - as any good Road Dog should. Waiting for Cundo in Venice, California, is his 'wife', Dawn Navarro, the seductive psychic from Riding the Rap. Waiting for Foley is Lou Adams, a rogue FBI man and no stranger to a grudge. But with two weeks' grace till Cundo walks free, Foley has other things on his mind - like getting a bit too friendly with his prison buddy's wife. Their pillow talk: screwing the real estate man for all that he's worth. Soon Cundo's back, with some favours of his own to ask the man whose freedom cost him thirty grand. But who can double - or triple - cross the other players first? With a lovable but lethal cast on a collision course for the swag, Elmore Leonard's high-octane thrills show no sign of letting up.	2009	Orion Publishing Group, Limited		English				FIC022000
9780349115214	The road to Nab End,an extraordinary Northern chil dhood	William Woodruff		William Woodruff had the sort of childhood satirised in the famous Monty Python Yorkshireman sketch. The son of a weaver, he was born on a pallet of straw at the back of the mill and two days later his mother was back at work. Life was extremely tough for the family in 1920's Blackburn - a treat was sheep's head or cow heel soup - and got worse when his father lost his job when the cotton industry started its terminal decline. Woodruff had to find his childhood fun in the little free time he had available between his delivery job and school, but he never writes self-pityingly, leaving the reader to shed the tears on his behalf. At ten his mother takes him on his one and only holiday - to Blackpool. He never wonders where they get the money to do so, only where she disappears to with strange men in the afternoons, before taking him to the funfair, pockets jingling an hour or two later.	2002	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780297852209	Rose en Marche	Jamie Ivey		Rose en Marche is the third title in the delightful 'rose' series by Jamie Ivey, and involves Tanya and Jamie selling rose in French markets. They rent a flat in Saint Remy de Provence and work in the town's market as well as three or four other local markets. There is, of course, the odd flying visit from their old friend Peter Tate. In La Vie en Rose the Iveys had set up and run their own rose bar. However, they discovered that a French alcohol licence cost about 30,000 euros. On top of this, legislation meant it was impossible to set up a new bar within 50 metres of an existing one. All the viable locations already had plenty of bars, and to succeed they had to look at buying one of them. Given these unexpected costs the Iveys had to recognise that the whole project was too expensive and risky, but they still wanted to stay in France, and still wanted to be involved with rose. They decided to set up a rose shop, but rejected the idea. Streets which had a lot of people passing along them also had expensive leases. Finally they realised that the busiest time in any French town is market day. Rather than take the risk of buying an expensive lease, they needed to set up their own market stall. Able to rent space in any market in France, they opt for the exquisite Provencal town of Saint Remy. Rose en Marche will enchant and attract all the readers who are still in the pink from the first two 'rose' volumes.	2008-07-09	Orion Publishing Group, Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780719565861	Rosebery,Statesman in Turmoil	Leo McKinstry		The Fifth Earl of Rosebery was the most glamorous Liberal politician of the late Victorian age. As a young man, he said that he had three ambitions: to marry an heiress, win the Derby, and become Prime Minister. By his mid-forties, he had achieved all three. But his political career was clouded by his strange, mercurial character. Self-centred, impulsive, and neurotic, he mixed a desire for prestige with extreme sensitivity to any criticism. After retiring from the Liberal Leadership in 1896, he became an increasingly solitary, brooding figure, wandering restlessly from one of his mansions to another. Using a wealth of archival material, award-winning author Leo McKinstry reveals the contradictory personality behind the magnetic public figure.	2006-03-27	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9781845330682	Royal gardens of Europe	George Plumptre		A showcase of the many extraordinary gardens created by or for European royalty from the 17th to the 20th century.	2005	Mitchell Beazley		English				ZZZ000000
9781409104643	Rsvp	Tara Moore		When Ashling Morrison becomes engaged to the love of her life, Rossa Granville, she sets in motion a chain of events that will see two wealthy and powerful Irish families clash as never before. Ashling: Despite her privileged upbringing, Ashling Morrison has spent her life wishing she could escape from the shadow of her beautiful, charismatic stepmother, Coppelia. Now, on the eve of her engagement party, she may finally get her wish. After all, her fiance Rossa is the perfect partner, and the Granvilles the perfect family...Honoria: For Honoria Granville, her grandson's engagement to Ashling Morrison represents the culmination of years of plotting, manipulation and deceit. But now the trap has been set - all she must do is wait for her prey...Carrick: As the natural heir to the Granville estate, Carrick has struggled to balance the demands of duty with freedom. But when Carrick realises that he is about to be disinherited in favour of his brother, Rossa, he decides to act...Coppelia: Sexy, ruthless and avaricious, Coppelia Morrison always gets what she wants. But when she discovers that her stepdaughter, Ashling, has become engaged to the grandson of her life-long enemy, she knows she'll need to do everything within her power to stop the wedding...	2010	Orion Books Limited		English				FIC045000
9780752893631	Savage Moon	Chris Simms		The body of a woman with her throat ripped out is found on Saddleworth Moor, near Manchester. She is discovered in an area where several sightings of a mysterious large black cat have been made. When analysis shows that hairs caught under the victim's nails are those of a panther, it is assumed that the animal has killed its first human prey. But then a man DI Jon Spicer is investigating as part of an entirely different case is murdered in exactly the same way. Only this time the body is found in a secluded car park - a popular gay rendezvous far closer to the city centre. Soon DI Spicer finds himself hunting a killer dubbed The Monster of the Moor, a creature whose stealth and savagery strike terror into the local population and way beyond it to the whole of the north west . . .	2008-09-04	Orion Books Limited		English				FIC022000
9780786017409	Savagery of the Mountain Man	William W. Johnstone&J. A. Johnstone		In the 37th book of Johnstone's long-running series, mountain man Smoke Jensen has a bloody showdown with an evil rancher and his army of gun hands. Original.	2009	Pinnacle Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781585713400	Save Me	Africa Fine		Fine pens a highly compelling, realistic tale of a young man struggling to fit in at college, who gets thrown into a tragic love affair as he attempts to find his place in the world. Original.	2009-06-30	Genesis Press, Incorporated		English				ZZZ000000
9780340976524	Saving Grace	Ciara Geraghty		When Grace O'Brien wakes up next to Bernard-from-IT, she blames the out-of-date bottle of Baileys for making her cheat on her boyfriend of one year, nine months, three weeks and six days. But then she finds she can't get Bernard - geeky dress sense, red hair and all - out of her mind. It gets worse when Grace's best friend falls in love with a blind date - Bernard. Somehow Grace can't help feeling that she's to blame for all this mess. She usually is, after all...	2008	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780751533392	Seeking Sanctuary	Frances Fyfield		When Theo Calvert was driven out of the family home by his wife's cloying piety he had determined that his daughters would follow him, but in the face of the law, the girls' health and his wife's intransigence, he failed. But, if he lost the battle for their souls in life, he would make amends in death, craftily shaping his will to benefit them so long as they did not follow their mother's example. His daughters felt they had lost either way, especially Anna. She had promiscuously turned her back on her mother's teachings, but watched in horror as her sister Therese followed those same lessons and naively accepted the faith which Anna was certain had ruined their lives. In her rebellion against such blind belief she at first doesn't notice the worm in their midst when the convent where Therese has settled employs a new gardener. And when she does wake up to the danger she realises she may have left it too late to save their legacy and their lives.	2004-03-04	Time Warner Paperbacks		English				ZZZ000000
9780751540093	Seeking Sanctuary/Nature of the Beast	Frances Fyfield		Nature of the Beast Douglas Petty's penchant for too much wine and too many women was quietened a little by marriage to Amy. But when Amy is involved in a horrendous train crash, her body is not found in the resulting fire. Why has she disappeared and, with no money and no other family, where is she? In a story of mesmerising suspense, Amy slowly reveals why she cannot return to her beloved home, and why she can never escape from the lies she was told as a child. Seeking Sanctuary When Theo Calvert was driven out of the family home by his wife's cloying piety he tried to take his daughters with him, but in the face of the law, the girls' health and his wife's intransigence, he failed. Theo fought back through his will, shaping it to benefit them so long as they did not follow their mother's example. Anna turns her back on her mother's teachings, but is horrified to see her sister Therese naively accept the faith which had ruined their lives. And when the convent where Therese settles employs a new gardener, Anna is too busy fighting against Therese's blind faith to see the danger...	2007-07-05	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9781603208260	Sports Illustrated Almanac 2010	Sports Illustrated		America's favorite sports almanac, now in its 19th year, is as fact-filled and fun as ever. Packed with stats, standings, and historical data from SPORTS ILLUSTRATED's award-winning staff, this is the essential reference book for every fan.Includes the 2009 baseball playoffs and World Series.88-page pro football section incudes year-by-year NFL standings back to 1920 as well as game recaps for Super Bowls I to XLIII.Year-in-review calendar revisits the highlights and low points of 2009.Annual results from many professional and amateur sports, including Little League baseball, lacrosse, volleyball, and many more.Year-by-year and 2009 results from NASCAR, IRL, and Formula One.  AND MUCH MORE	2009-11	Time Inc Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9781841498416	Siege	Tad Williams		Simon Snowlock and Prince Josua's band of allies gather at the Stone of Farewell. King Elias is drawn ever deeper into the dark sorceries of Ineluki, the Storm King. The badly depleted League of the Scroll searches for age-old knowledge with which to aid Josua's much-outnumbered army. Across the face of Osten Ard lines are drawn as the final battle approaches, and the struggle between Light and Dark reaches a climax. SIEGE is the first half of TO GREEN ANGEL TOWER - an international hardback bestseller - the final volume of Tad Williams' highly acclaimed trilogy Memory, Sorrow and Thorn.	2009-06-04	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780719520785	Experimental Work in Biology	Josh Cannon		From the outside, Josh's life looks perfect: he has a loving wife, a beautiful son, money in the bank and a career he is passionate about. But on the inside, he is screaming. Josh has come to the end of the line. For him, suicide seems like the only way out. Raped repeatedly from the age of three by his father and later by his trusted teacher, Josh's childhood was hell. As he grew up, he fought off memories and the shame of his past with a hard-core drug addiction, alcoholism, and an obsession with self-mutilation and self-destruction. With shocking honesty, Silent Scream describes how he struggled to come to terms with the abuse he suffered as a child and the appalling legacy of that abuse. The extraordinary support of his closest friends, extensive treatment in various psychiatric hospitals and the love of his wife and son have pulled Josh through. Against all the odds, he is now able to look forward to a future for the first time. This is a raw and disturbing account of one man's battle to overcome his demons; it is also a powerful testimony to the magic and endurance of love.	2008-07-02	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780719520983	Silent Scream	Josh Cannon		From the outside, Josh's life looks perfect: he has a loving wife, a beautiful son, money in the bank and a career he is passionate about. But on the inside, he is screaming. Josh has come to the end of the line. For him, suicide seems like the only way out. Raped repeatedly from the age of three by his father and later by his trusted teacher, Josh's childhood was hell. As he grew up, he fought off memories and the shame of his past with a hard-core drug addiction, alcoholism, and an obsession with self-mutilation and self-destruction.With shocking honesty, Silent Scream describes how he struggled to come to terms with the abuse he suffered as a child and the appalling legacy of that abuse. The extraordinary support of his closest friends, extensive treatment in various psychiatric hospitals and the love of his wife and son have pulled Josh through. Against all the odds, he is now able to look forward to a future for the first time. This is a raw and disturbing account of one man's battle to overcome his demons; it is also a powerful testimony to the magic and endurance of love.	2009-05-01	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780786021482	Silent Screams	C. E. Lawrence		Criminal profiler Lee Campbell must delve into the mind of a burgeoning serial killer known as the Slasher, who carves up his victims and arranges their bodies as a tribute to his sick fantasies, before he strikes again. Original.	2009	Pinnacle Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781585712977	Sinful Intentions	Crystal Rhodes		In this exciting sequel to "Sin," Rev. Nedra Davis and Sinclair Reasoner, now happily married, are threatened by outside forces that are trying to destroy their family, marriage, and their lives. Original.	2009-03-31	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780316930215	Sing-Along Songs,Three Books and Tape Set (The Lady With the Alligator Purse, Skip to My Lou, and Miss Mary Mack)	Nadine Bernard Westcott&Mary Ann Hoberman		A sturdy case holds three bestselling sing-along board books and a cassette tape with all three songs. 11 spreads. Consumable.	2002-03-01	Little, Brown Books for Young Readers		English				ZZZ000000
9780446582315	Single Husbands	HoneyB		Herschel Henderson says, "I do," to gain access to his wife's money. Lexington Lewis vows for his better and her worse, and Brian Flaw claims until death do we part, but does he really mean it? The one thing these men share is none of them will give up the sexual freedom they enjoyed as single men to make their marriages work. Herschel has a mistress that he sexes more than his wife and thinks nothing of it. Lexington is making love to as many women as he can, and Brian is sexing women of every ethnicity because he's become bored with his wife. Will their infidelties come back to haunt them in the end?	2010-02-01	Grand Central Publishing		English				FIC000000
9781601629395	Sinsatiable	Shelia E. Lipsey		Aisha's faith is sorely tested when she is confronted with having to relocate her dance studio if she cannot come up with the money to purchase the building. Instead of turning to God for help, she takes matters into her own hands.	2009-07-07	Kensington Publishing Corporation		English				ZZZ000000
9781841494777	Smoke and Mirrors	Tanya Huff		SMOKE AND MIRRORS is the second in Tanya Huff's new series about Tony, a former street-kid, rescued by vampire Henry Fitzroy. Tony has moved out of Fitzroy's home and is now working as a production assistant on TV show 'Darkest Night' - ironically, a fictional show about a vampire detective. The action centres around the filming of a haunted house story ... unfortunately in an actual haunted house. When one of the crew is injured, the malevolent spirits in the house come to life. All doors shut at dusk and the deaths of the spirits' victims are replayed again and again ... The pattern follows a grisly theme of murder, then suicide, and each one of the multiple deaths is a story in itself. The cast will be set free - if they can survive the night. Tony becomes the focus of suspicion as he is the only one who can both see and communicate with the ghosts, as he tries to manage his burgeoning wizardly powers.	2006-12-07	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9780340961810	Smoke Screen	Sandra Brown		Five years ago a disastrous fire gutted the police headquarters. Seven people died in the flames but thanks to four brave men, most of those inside were rescued. The next day, and forever after, they would be known to the world as heroes. Now, one of them has called Britt Shelley, a hotshot newswoman, offering her the scoop of her career, and asks her to meet him. The next morning she wakes up naked in his bed to find him lying beside her. Dead. She remembers nothing of the evening before but to her horror,the police don't believe her. As the finger of blame points to her, she realises that she is the next intended victim . . .	2008-11-13	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780749940690	Smooth Talking Stranger	Lisa Kleypas		Jack Travis is a macho Houston businessman - rich, tough and always in control. So when a beautiful young woman approaches his office carrying a baby that she claims is his, he's shaken more than he would ever let on. Stunned, Jack listens to Ella Varner as she explains that her sister recently gave birth and then abandoned her baby boy - and that enquiries have brought Ella to Jack's door. He virtually has a seizure when she asks h to do a paternity test. But ultimately, will a paternity test set things right? If Jack is the father, will he be the one to care for the baby? Would Ella be prepared to let h go? And if not? Ella can't bear to think of an answer...	2010-03-04	Piatkus Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780755301348	So Many Children	Anne Baker		Beth Hubble has grown up in extreme poverty in Dock Cottages and although she loves training to become a nurse, problems at home are never far from her mind. Doctors have told her mother that, after fourteen pregnancies, she is too frail to survive another, but they will do nothing more. Beth is determined to help, but, in 1920, birth control is a taboo subject, and her quest for knowledge is thwarted at every turn. Meanwhile Beth has fallen for Andrew Langford, a hospital lab technician, who she hopes will take her away from the tenements for good. But will Beth ever find the love and happiness that she deserves?	2003-07-24	Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9780340917329	So You Think You Know Discworld?	Clive Gifford		Enter the weird and wonderful world of Terry Pratchett and put your knowledge of his Discworld series to the test. With over 1000 questions, this is a must-have for all true fans of Pratchett's popular books.	2006-09-14	Hodder Children's		English				JNF021050
9780340932476	So You Think You Know Dr Who?,Over 1000 Fantastic Quiz Questions	Clive Gifford		FICTION. The great timelord has had many incarnations and many adventures, but can you remember them? Do you know who was the first Dr Who? Can you say what the word 'tardis' stands for? Well here's your chance to find out - with over 1,000 questions this quiz book will test the most ardent fan. But don't worry: the answers are to be found not in the far reaches of the universe, but in the back of the book!	2007-01	Hodder Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340931264	So You Think You Know Shakespeare?	Clive Gifford		In which play would you find the characters Bottom, Quince, Puck, and Titania? How many of Shakespeare's history plays featured a King called Henry in their title? Does Juliet die by poison, stabbing herself, or throwing herself off of a balcony? So you've read Shakespeare's plays, maybe seen them performed. Now you can test what you really know about his works and extraordinary life. There are quizzes on Shakespeare's life and times, including questions on plays and theaters. The 15 most popular plays each have a dedicated quiz and there are five additional quizzes covering Shakespeare's remaining works: Poems & Sonnets, Histories, Tragedies, Comedies, and Romances.	2008	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340917305	So You Think You Know the Da Vinci Code	Clive Gifford		This book contains over 1000 quiz questions based on Dan Brown's bestselling thriller - the people and places, ideas and events. A chance for readers to relive the excitement and intrigue of The Da Vinci Code while testing out how much of the detail they remember. Irrestible for fans.	2005	Hodder Children's Division		English				LIT004020
9780575094048	Some Girls Bite,A Chicagoland Vampires Novel	Chloe Neill		Sure, the life of a graduate student wasn't exactly glamorous, but it was mine. I was doing fine until Chicago's vampires announced their existence to the world - and then a rogue vampire attacked me. But he only got a sip before he was scared away by another bloodsucker . . . one who decided the best way to save my life was to take it.Turns out my saviour was the master vampire of Cadogan House. Now I've traded sweating over my thesis for learning to fit in at a Hyde Park mansion full of vamps loyal to Ethan 'Lord o' the Manor' Sullivan. Of course, as a tall, green-eyed, four hundred year old vampire, he has centuries' worth of charm, but unfortunately he also seems to expect my eternal gratitude - and servitude. Right . . .But my burgeoning powers (all of a sudden, I'm surprisingly handy with some serious weaponry), an inconvenient sunlight allergy, and Ethan's attitude are the least of my concerns. Someone's out to get me. Is it the rogue vampire who bit me? A vamp from a rival House? An angry mob bearing torches?My initiation into Chicago's nightlife may be the first skirmish in a war - and there's going to be blood . . .	2010-03-11	Victor Gollancz Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780340898444	Somewhere to Lay My Head	Robert Douglas		We left Robert a long way from home, a sixteen-year-old recruit in the RAF. Now, we follow his escape from the Forces (until National Service a few years later!), his return to Glasgow and life down the pit. Once more, Robert's fantastic memory for people, places and anecdotes, combined with an ear for individual voices and the brilliant ability to evoke a bygone sense of community, will enchant his readers and sometimes appal them with the brutality of conditions he experienced.	2007-05-17	Hodder		English				ZZZ000000
9780340976425	Song Yet Sung	James McBride		In the tense days before the American Civil War, in the swamplands of the Maryland shore, a wounded slave girl and her visions of the future tear a community apart in a riveting drama of hope and redemption.Liz Spocott is a captured slave, Shot and near death, she is shackled to other runaways in the attic of the notorious slave-catcher Patty Cannon. Liz is bound to an ancient, nameless woman who reveals the Code, a fiercely guarded, cryptic means of communication for slaves on the run. When Liz escapes once again, Denwood Long, a troubled slave-catcher and waterman, is coaxed out of retirement to break the Code and track down Liz.Kidnappings, gunfights and chases ensue in this extraordinary story of tragic triumph, and unexpected kindness.	2008-08-01	Hodder & Hodder Paperbacks		English				FIC014000
9780753805374	Songdogs	Colum McCann		Colum McCann's first novel goes back to the years before the Spanish Civil War, following the adventures of a peripatetic Irish photographer from the war-strewn shores of Europe to the exotic plains of Mexico. The story is told in the words of the photographer's only son, a wanderer himself, who uses his father's unreliable memories and the fading remnants of his art to piece together his family history and explain the mystery surrounding his mother - a Mexican beauty brought back by his father to Ireland.	1998	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780340827314	Soulmates,understanding the true gifts of intense encounters	Sue Minns		The subject of soulmates is perennially popular but the idea of "finding your soulmate" has always focused predominantly on the belief that once you've found each other, you will live happily ever after. Such a meeting can bring untold opportunities - the chance to heal wounds and resolve 'unfinished business' from past lives - as well as the soul growth and understanding to be had from liaisons which may be more difficult, but which are just as powerful and important. Some soulmates come into our lives to give us wake-up calls and the opportunity to see things differently. Sue Minns discusses the nature of the soul, explaining what exactly a soulmate is - and how to recognise one - as well as why they come into our lives when they do. She reveals how finding a soulmate can be not only an intense and unforgettable experience in its own right, but also a step on the path to opening your heart and mind, changing the way you see the world, and leading you towards a partner who is truly right for you.	2005-02-14	Hodder Mobius		English				ZZZ000000
9781585713189	Southern Fried Standards	S. R. Maddox		When a career-minded woman who has lived her entire life under the shadow of her famous mother becomes involved with a Cajun blues musician, she must learn to shed the constricting limits of her family and live life on her terms. Original.	2008-04-29	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9781409113249	Spade and Archer	Joe Gores		When Sam Spade gets drawn into the Maltese Falcon case, we know what to expect: straight talk, hard questions, no favours, and no way for anyone to get underneath the protective shell he wears like a second skin. We know that his late partner, Miles Archer, was a son of a bitch; that Spade is sleeping with Archer's wife. What we don't know is how Spade became who he is. Now SPADE & ARCHER completes the picture.1921: Spade sets up his own agency in San Francisco and clients quickly start coming through the door. The next seven years will see him dealing with booze runners, water-front thugs, stowaways, banking swindlers, gold smugglers, bumbling cops, and the illegitimate daughter of Sun Yat-sen; with murder, other men's mistresses, and long-missing money. He'll bring in Archer as a partner, though it was Archer who stole his girl while he was fighting in World War I. He'll tangle with a villain who never loses his desire to make Spade pay big for ruining what should've been the perfect crime. And he'll fall in love - though it won't turn out for the best. It never does with dames . . . SPADE & ARCHER is a gritty, pitch-perfect, hard-boiled novel - the work of a master mystery writer-destined to become a classic in its own right.	2009-11-19	Orion Books Limited		English				FIC022010
9780751530919	Starting over	Robin Pilcher		Liz Dewhurst is devastated when shediscovers that her husband Gregor is having an affair.After years of security she now faces a new andfrightening world, where every day feels like a strugglefor survival.But things soon begin to change when Lizrs"s sonsuggests renting out a room to bring in some extraincome. The person he suggests, his eccentric Germantutor Arthur Kempler, is funny, charming and hits it offwith everyone. And when Arthur goes on holiday to Spainand persuades Liz to join him, Liz meets the last personeither expected to see: Arthurrs"s son.	2003	Time Warner Paperbacks		English				ZZZ000000
9780340835395	Statues Without Shadows	Anna Swan		This is the haunting, poignant memoir of the author's quest to discover the shocking truth about her past, spanning three generations of a fascinating but flawed family. Anna grew up accepting that her parents were glamorous, but mysterious figures, who had both died by the time she was seven. It was only when she was in her thirties that she discovered they had both committed suicide. As she began to search for the truth about her parents, she uncovered details about their fascinating and incredibly divergent backgrounds: her father's family can trace their ancestry to King James II. Her mother came from a Welsh mining family. They met in 1950s literary London and fell in love. But a year after Anna was born, her mother was dead. The book explores the nature of loss, exile, betrayal and Anna's own deep-rooted instinct to refuse the horrors of her past and transcend the legacy of her parents.	2006-10-01	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780446540193	Stay a Little Longer	Dorothy Garlock		Louise Watkins has her hands full. Her mother had been the town midwife, but when her daughter Alice died under her care, she refused to assist in a childbirth ever again. Since then Louise has assumed the work. She also takes care of Alice's six-year old, Charlotte, because the child's father was lost in World War I. But Louise's principal job is running the boardinghouse that is the family's main source of income.  One day, Charlotte befriends a stranger ill with influenza, a man who has taken refuge in an old cabin in the woods nearby. Although badly scarred by wounds suffered in the War, he is strong and slowly recovers. When he gradually takes on odd jobs around the house, Louise accepts his help. She is drawn to him despite his disfigurement, and his voice is comforting, vaguely familiar...	2010	Grand Central Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780349117287	Stephen Hawking,a life in science	Michael White&John R. Gribbin		Stephen Hawking is no ordinary scientist. Across a career that began over thirty years ago at Cambridge University, he has managed to do more than perhaps any other physicist to broaden our basic understanding of the universe. This skilful portrait of an indefatigable genius traces the course of Hawking's life and science, marrying biography and physics to tell the story of a remarkable man.	2003	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780340830673	Dark Tower Concordance: Volume Two	Robin Furth		The second volume of THE CONCORDANCE is the definitive guide to the many worlds, argots, characters and cross-references within the Dark Tower series and among the rest of Stephen King's works. Covering portals and magical places, providing maps to Mid-, End- and Our World, and a timeline for the series, this is a fascinating and essential reference guide.	2005-11-07	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				ZZZ000000
9780349116167	Still here	Linda Grant		Two middle aged people meet in Liverpool, a dying port, once the embarkation point for nine million future Americans. Alix has returned to her birthplace for her mother's death and to receive her dying wish. Josephan American architect is there to build a hotel on the waterfront. Both are hiding a great deal, from others and from themselves.	2003	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780821227022	Still life	Irving Penn		Irving Penn is one of the leading photographers of the 20th century. His elegant and innovative photographs are the subject of this volume. It includes some 200 images.	2001	Bulfinch Press Book		English				ZZZ000000
9781409100942	Still Midnight	Denise Mina		Life ought to be simple for DI Alex Morrow. She's an up-and-coming Glasgow cop, just about to be presented with the case that could make her career. Her half-brother Danny is also on the up. Unfortunately for her, he's making his name on the other side of the tracks - in the murky shadows of Glasgow's criminal underworld. Nearby, a peaceful Sunday evening in a suburban neighbourhood is brutally shattered by a vicious attack. A battered van pulls up to the door of an ordinary-looking home and disgorges a group of armed men in balaclavas. They smash into the house, hold the terrified family within at gunpoint and demand millions of pounds. Baffled, the family protest that they don't have that sort of money. As quickly as they came, the attackers snatch the elderly grandfather and storm off into the night. When DI Morrow arrives she soon realises that there are too many missing links in this seemingly random attack: nothing quite makes sense. Who were the men? And why did they think this normal household concealed untold riches? The family is certainly not talking and as Morrow starts to delve deeper, she realises that there are dark secrets all around...As she searches for answers to one family's secrets, she must protect her own. Can she keep her bosses in the dark about her criminal brother? Or is something going to have to give?	2009-07	Orion Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781408303849	Stomp, Dinosaur, Stomp!	Margaret Mayo&Alex Ayliffe		Meet all your favourite dinosaurs as they stomp, glide and charge through this brilliant book from a bestselling creative team. Includes Tyrannosaurus Rex, Pteranodon, Triceratops, Velociraptor, Diplodocus and more.	2010-05-13	Hodder Children's Division		English				ZZZ000000
9781841498409	Stone of Farewell	Tad Williams		In Osten Ard, the evil of the Storm King covers the land and the country is riven by war. Nature, unbalanced by the tide of evil, slips into a permanent winter. Simon, once a kitchen boy, now a hero hiding in the troll stronghold of Yiquanuc, has prophetic dreams. Only he and his companions can save the land, but to do this he must embark on the second part of his quest ... to the Stone of Farewell.	2009-06-04	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				FIC009000
9780340911679	Stoneheart 03. Silvertongue	Charlie Fletcher		George and Edie are travelling through unLondon, a world of danger on the city streets, and they are quite alone.nbsp;Time is standing still, and the rest of London is unaware of their plight, unaware of the hidden world of living statues, of Shackleton and the Queen of Time.In the concluding part of the breathtaking and critically acclaimed Stoneheart trilogy, Edie and George look deeper into Edie's past, and her future.	2009-07-01	Hodder Children's Division		English				JUV000000
9781858813882	Stories from Shakespeare	Geraldine McCaughrean		Geraldine McCaughrean has won many awards for her brilliant versions of classic texts. Here she retells the ten Shakespeare plays children are most likely to come across: Romeo and Juliet, Henry the Fifth, A Midsummer Night's Dream, Julius Caesar, Hamlet, Twelfth Night, Othello, King Lear, Macbeth and The Tempest.Written in stirring, colourful prose, this book makes a terrific introduction to Shakespeare and makes complex plots easy to follow. The text is punctuated with well-known quotations that give a taste of the real thing, and each play opens with a cast list explaining just who the characters are.	1997-08-11	Orion Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780752877457	Storm in the Village	Miss Read		Trouble brews in the tiny country village of Fairacre when it is discovered that Farmer Miller's Hundred Acre Field is slated for real estate development. Alarming rumors are circulating, among them the fear that the village school may close. The endearing schoolmistress Miss Read brings her inimitable blend of affection and clear-sighted candor to this report, in which a young girl finds her first love, an older woman accepts a new role in life, and the impassioned battle to save the village from being engulfed is at the forefront of every villager's mind.	2006-06-01	Orion Books Limited		English				FIC000000
9780752893150	Storm Over Burracombe	Lilian Harry		Hilary Napier is upset when her father, Colonel Napier, brings in a new manager for the family estate which she has been running for the past year. Even though she cannot help liking Travis Kellaway, she resents his presence. When her defenses are broken down by the illness of her brother's much-loved horse, Hilary realizes Travis's strength and compassion, and it isn't long before their relationship moves to a new footing. Meanwhile, life in the village of Burracombe is enlivened by the new Drama Club, formed by the energetic young curate Felix Copley. Almost the entire village becomes involved in his new pantomime, including Shirley Culliford, the little girl from the poorest cottage in town. But tragedy strikes when Travis catches Shirley and her father poaching in the estate woods. Shirley is injured in the ensuing skirmish and it seems that not only the pantomime but her very life is threatened.	2008-04-14	Orion Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9780751537482	Strachan,My Life in Football	Gordon Strachan		As a player, manager and football pundit, Gordon Strachan is one of the most popular names in football today. This is his story and his take on the game he loves.Gordon Strachan has had one of the most illustrious careers in modern football. As a player, he was the heartbeat of Alex Ferguson's Aberdeen in the early 1980s, before being signed by Ron Atkinson to play for Manchester United. He captained Leeds to championship in the early 1990s, won 50 Scottish caps and went on to manage Coventry and Southampton. A former regular on Match of the Day, and one of the most honest and interesting voices on the game, he is now manager of Celtic.This book is a fascinating mix of both Gordon's story and a brilliant analysis on the way the game is played and run. Refreshingly candid on everything from the stress and pressure managers are under to the players and bosses Gordon has worked with, this will be the one of the most explosive football books of 2006.	2007-05-29	Sphere		English				ZZZ000000
9780340769430	Straight face	Nigel Hawthorne		Very sadly, Nigel Hawthorne died on Boxing Day 2001. He had just completed his exceptional autobiography about a life which had by no means taken a straight path. His ambitions to be an actor when a young man in South Africa were strongly discouraged by his father. He came to England alone and struggled for many years to make his name - eventually joining the Royal Court, starring in the West End, and finally having his great TV break in Yes, Minister. He also struggled with his sexuality and it was not until meeting production manager Trevor Bentham in l977 that he finally found his life partner. A naturally private man, his media 'outing' in the run-up to the Oscar Ceremony for The Madness of King George was the source of much pain, although ultimately it became a liberation. At the peak of his career he was struck by cancer and his battle with illness forms a moving final section of the book.	2003-05-01	Sceptre		English				ZZZ000000
9780340769461	Strangeland	Tracey Emin		'Here I am, a fucked, crazy, anorexic-alcoholic-childless, beautiful woman. I never dreamt it would be like this.' Tracey Emin's STRANGELAND is her own space, lying between the Margate of her childhood, the Turkey of her forefathers and her own, private-public life in present-day London. Her writings, a combination of memoirs and confessions, are deeply intimate, yet powerfully engaging. Tracey retains a profoundly romantic world view, paired with an uncompromising honesty. Her capacity both to create controversies and to strike chords is unequalled in British life. A remarkable book - and an original, beautiful mind.	2006	Sceptre		English				ZZZ000000
9780749938833	Strangers in Death	J. D. Robb		Technology may be different in 2060 New York, yet the city is still a place of many cultures and great divides. But as ever, some murders receive more attention than others - especially those in which the victim is a prominent businessman, found in his Park Avenue apartment, tied to the bed - and strangled - with cords of black velvet.It doesn't surprise Lieutenant Eve Dallas that Thomas Anders' scandalous death is a source of titillation and speculation to the public - and of humiliation to his family. But while all those in the city are talking about it, people close to Anders aren't so anxious to do the same. With some help from her billionaire husband, Roarke, Eve is soon knocking on doors- or barging through them - to find answers.But the facts don't add up. Physical evidence suggests that the victim didn't struggle. The security breach in the apartment indicates that the killer was someone connected to the family, but everyone's alibi checks out. Was this a kinky sex game that turned into a crime of passion - or a meticulously planned execution? It's up to Dallas to solve a case in which strangers may be connected in unexpected, and deadly, ways.	2008-02-07	Piatkus		English				FIC022040
9780340609750	Street drugs	Andrew Tyler		Offers accurate, impartial advice and information on the whole range of drugs - both legal and illegal - in use today	1995-05-04	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780752834269	Streetsmart	Nicholas Coleridge		Saskia Thomson is the most glamorous, successful, talked-about magazine editor in the world. Her creation, STREETSMART, is on a roll, building a circulation that exceeds even VANITY FAIR or VOGUE, with its combination of celebrity gossip, glossy fashion and serious investigative journalism. Then Saskia is found dead. Her brother Max is left holding the babies - STREETSMART and Saskia's nine-year-old hyperactive son Cody.As a war photographer, neither of these duties are ones he feels particularly qualified to fulfil. But before long Max finds himself fighting to save the magazine. The predators are closing in - and Max soon discovers that Guerrilla warfare in Eritrea is nothing compared to this ...	2000-07-19	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780752811048	Streisand	Anne Edwards		Barbara Streisand is a phenomenon. She has had astounding success as a singer, actress, or more recently, film director. And as Anne Edwrds reveals in this fascinating biography, her private life has been as extraordinary as her career.	1997-11-03	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780450033407	Striding folly	Dorothy L. Sayers		Lord Peter Wimsey's last three baffling cases all demonstrate his unique detction skills at their most spectacular. The engima of a house numbered thirteen in a street of even numbers; an indignant child accused of theft, a dream about a game of chess that uncovers the true story behind a violent death. Each of the stories introduces a different side of the twentieth century's most ingenious detective hero.	1973	New English Library		English				ZZZ000000
9780340863053	Strong Shoulders,A Funeral Director's Guide to Life and Death	Barry Albin Dyer		"Strong Shoulders" is the final book in Barry's acclaimed trilogy of memoirs. Similarly packed with astonishing true stories from the little-understood world of undertaking, Barry's particular aim with this book is to help people not to be scared of death, but to understand it and even find some comfort in what must one day come to us all. Amongst the anecdotes and memories, the book includes chapters on planning your own funeral, and how to make a will.	2006-06-15	Hodder General Publishing Division		English				FAM014000
9780752880808	Suffer the Little Children,The Harrowing True Story of a Girl's Brutal Convent Upbringing	Frances Reilly		Clutching her eight-week-old sister in her arms, Frances Reilly was abandoned by her mother outside the gates of The Poor Sisters of Nazareth Convent. It was Christmas morning 1956 and Frances was 2 years old. For the next 13 years Frances experienced institutionalized cruelty under the care of her new guardians: she was beaten, raped, and molested on numerous occasions. The nuns stripped her of everythingher best friend, her innocence, even her namebut they could not suppress her spirit and her never-ending hope of a better life. Written with great honesty and integrity, this moving account of childhood suffering is a tragic yet inspiring story. Through it all Frances refused to be broken. This is her account of her resolution to survive and defy the evil that stole her childhood.	2010	Orion Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
9781845330873	Super duper juice : juicing for health and healing	Michael Van Straten		Super Duper Juice introduces more than 100 new fruit and vegetable juices which offer the health benefits that proved so popular in Superjuice, including vitality, cleansing, improved sex drive, plus many more. New sections have been introduced on memory, mood and slimming. Plus there is a range of detox and healing diets to put you on the road to tip-top health. Like Superjuice, Super Duper Juice lists common conditions such as headaches, colds, insomnia, and menstrual problems in its healing charts, and suggests which juices will help you make a speedy recovery.	2007-05-17	Mitchell Beazley		English				ZZZ000000
9781840007725	Super Hot Drinks,For Health and Healing	Michael Van Straten		Featuring more than 60 recipes, each offering health-giving properties, it is the book for anyone wishing to beat the winter blues. For each recipe Michael lists the vitamins and minerals provided by the drinks ingredients and details the health benefits the drink can offer. Some of the drinks also help to fight particular conditions such as coughs, colds, indigestion and infections, and a chart at the back of the book lists the most common conditions and shows you which drinks help to fight them. Finally there is a 24-hour detox for anyone wishing to cleanse their system this winter.	2004-09-02	Mitchell Beazley		English				ZZZ000000
9780340795699	Superphonics	Ruth Miskin		This write-in activity book contains easy-to-follow and enjoyable activities which develop early reading and spelling skills, using the highly effective phonic method. The book is illustrated throughout with everyday appealing pictures. Activity Book 3 is designed to complement Superphonics Book 3. Superphonics - the simplest, fastest way to teach your child to read.	2001-03-15	Hodder Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780340795712	Superphonics	Ruth Miskin		This write-in activity book contains easy-to-follow and enjoyable activities which develop early reading and spelling skills, using the highly effective phonic method. They will help children to become confident in reading and spelling words such as chair, girl and mouse. The book is illustrated throughout with appealing pictures. Activity Book 4 is designed to complement Superphonics Book 4. Superphonics - the simplest, fastest way to teach your child to read.	2001-03-15	Hodder Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780752876771	Sweet heart	Peter James		Charley has a strange feeling when she sees the idyllic mill house with its cluster of outbuildings, the lake and the swirling mill stream; a powerful sense of recognition, as if she has been there before. Except she knows she hasn't. After Charley and her husband Tom move into Elmwood Mill, sinister memories of a previous existence start to haunt her. Despite both their attempts to dismiss everything with rational explanations, the feeling turns to certainty as the memories become increasingly vivid and terrifying. Charley is persuaded to undergo hypnosis - but in searching deep into her past, she unwitting opens a Pandora's box of evil ... and now the terror is free.	2005-11-17	Orion		English				FIC015000
9780349120195	Sweet land stories	E. L. Doctorow		These dazzling short works arecrafted with all the weight and resonance of the novelsfor which E. L. Doctorow is famous. You will findyourself set down in a mysterious redbrick house in ruralIllinois ('A House on the Plains'), working things outwith a baby-kidnapping couple in California ('BabyWilson'), living on a religious-cult commune in Kansas('Walter John Harmon'), sharing the heartrending cross-country journey of a young woman navigating her waythrough three bad marriages ('Jolene: A Life'), andwitnessing an FBI special agent at a personal crossroadswhile he investigates a grave breach of White HouseSecurity ('Child, Dead, in the Rose Garden').Comprised in a variety of moods and voices, theseremarkable portrayals of the American spiritual landscapeshow a modern master at the height of his powers.	2007-01-31	Abacus		English				ZZZ000000
9780752842707	Sweet Sunday	John Lawton		"Turner Raines was one of the worst private eyes in New York. On a good day he'd tell you so himself: 'I may not be the greatest gumshoe alive, but I'm a good listener.'"	2004-01-08	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780753820506	Swimming to Antarctica,tales of a long-distance swimmer	Lynne Cox		At 14, Lynne Cox swam 26 miles from Catalina Island to the California mainland; at 15 and 16, she broke the men's and women's world records for swimming the English Channel - a 33-mile crossing; at 18, she swam the 20-mile Cook Strait between North and South Islands of New Zealand; she was the first to swim the Strait of Magellan, the most treacherous 3-mile stretch of water in the world; she was first to swim the Bering Strait from Alaska to Siberia, thereby opening the US-Soviet border for the first time in 48 years; and the first to swim the Cape of Good Hope (a shark emerged from the kelp, its jaws wide open, and was shot as it headed straight for her). And finally she is the first person to have swum a mile in 0 degree water in Antarctica.	2006-03-02	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9781841492872	The sword of Shannara trilogy	Terry Brooks		By all outward appearances, Mrs Merlin's Academy for Select Young ladies is indistinguishable from other English boarding schools. But the Academy's students are all orphans - they've been plucked from the streets for their toughness and intelligence, and with training in manners, martial arts, swordsmanship and deportment, they are transformed into English spies. One such woman, siena, is chosen for a highly dangerous job: to infiltrate an elite circle of British aristocrats and uncover which one is selling state secrets.Forced to resign his army commission, Adrian Henning, the Earl of Kirtland, feels joy only in the company of books. But his weekly meeting with The Gilded Page, a very exclusive club of book connoisseurs, is ruined by the sudden appearance of London's newest and most notorious courtesan, the Golden Dove.The Golden Dove is, of course, Siena, and the reclusive Earl of Kirtland proves to be most difficult to investigate. As they each try to decipher what game the other is playing, the plot thickens, and they must work together to bring down the real enemy.	2007-07-05	Orbit		English				ZZZ000000
9780575402683	Tales from the Boot Camps	Steve Claridge&Ian Ridley		Away from the glamour and wall-to-wall coverage of the Premiership lies the reality, for the majority of fans and players, of British football. From Claridge's early days with non-league Weymouth, to the Premiership with Leicester, and back to First-Division Portsmouth, Tales from the Boot Camps spans the lows of irregular salary payments and training sessions on dog-fouled carparks at Aldershot, and the highs of the last-minute win in a First Division play-off at Wembley, and on to the Premiership. Controversial, itinerant, but popular wherever he has played, Claridge also talks frankly about his addiction to gambling. Part biography, part autobiography, it is full of insight and dry wit, a unique portrait of British football.	2000-11-09	Indigo		English				ZZZ000000
9780460873420	Tales of mystery and imagination	Edgar Allan Poe&Graham Clarke		Many of the earliest books, particularly those dating back to the 1900s and before, are now extremely scarce and increasingly expensive. Hesperides Press are republishing these classic works in affordable, high quality, modern editions, using the original text and artwork.	1993-08-15	J.M. Dent		English				ZZZ000000
9780752827513	Talk of the Village	Rebecca Shaw		The village is bedevilled by talk and all is not as it seems in the village of Turnham Malpas ... Does pushy newcomer Venetia have her eye on Peter, the handsome rector? Is Jeremy, her husband, really making a success of the new health club? And why does Willie's new love set a vicious tongue wagging? In the Royal Oak, the usual banter has turned to bitter wrangling as the rector's wife Caroline makes a challenge over an ancient country tradition and splits the village her husband had so recently united. As the people of the village use the power of words to reconcile or divide, Peter finds it is what isn't talked about that threatens to cause madness, confusion and tragedy.	1999-11-04	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780340883785	Talk peace	Sam Williams&Mique Moriuchi		Talk soft Talk loud Talk shy Talk proud Talk high Talk low Way to go Talk peace Starting in the playground with a personal encounter and moving outwards to a park, a city, a mountain and eventually encompassing the globe, each beautiful scene is portrayed through stunning artwork that perfectly captures the feel of this text.	2005-03-17	Hodder Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781444101072	Get Started in Reiki	Sandi Leir-Shuffrey		The only truly practical guide to Reiki available, this approachable introduction gives plenty of guidance on using Reiki for healing practices for yourself and others, with insight into techniques in health, illness and the initiation process. Real-life case studies reveal the success of the practice and the ability of the author to teach and inspire, and this is the ideal book for anyone who is interested in practising or even becoming a Reiki Master. NOT GOT MUCH TIME? One, five and ten-minute introductions to key principles to get you started. AUTHOR INSIGHTS Lots of instant help with common problems and quick tips for success, based on the author's many years of experience. TEST YOURSELF Tests in the book and online to keep track of your progress. EXTEND YOUR KNOWLEDGE Extra online articles at www.teachyourself.com to give you a richer understanding of reiki. FIVE THINGS TO REMEMBER Quick refreshers to help you remember the key facts. TRY THIS Innovative exercises illustrate what you've learnt and how to use it.	2010-04-01	Hodder Education		English				OCC011010
9781444101669	Get Started in Russian	Rachel Farmer		Are you looking for a course in Russian written for the absolute beginner who has no experience of learning a foreign language? Get Started in Russian will give you the confidence to communicate in Russian. Now fully updated to make your language learning experience fun and interactive. You can still rely on the benefits of a top language teacher and our years of teaching experience, but now with added learning features within the course and online. The emphasis of the course is placed on communication, rather than grammar, and all the teaching is in English, so that you will quickly and effortlessly get started in Russian. By the end of this course, you will be at Level B1 of the Common European Framework for Languages: can deal with most situations likely to arise whilst travelling in an area where the language is spoken. Learn effortlessly with new, easy-to-read page design and interactive features: NOT GOT MUCH TIME? One, five and ten-minute introductions to key principles to get you started. AUTHOR INSIGHTS Lots of instant help with common problems and quick tips for success, based on the author's many years of experience. USEFUL VOCABULARY Easy to find and learn, to build a solid foundation for speaking. DIALOGUES Read and listen to everyday dialogues to help you speak and understand fast. PRONUNCIATION Don't sound like a tourist! Perfect your pronunciation before you go. TEST YOURSELF Tests in the book and online to keep track of your progress. EXTEND YOUR KNOWLEDGE Extra online articles at: www.teachyourself.com to give you a richer understanding of the culture and history of Russia. TRY THIS Innovative exercises illustrate what you've learnt and how to use it. The course is available as a book (9781444101669), as a pack comprising the book and double CD (9781444101676) and as a double CD (9781444101683).	2010	Hodder Education		English				FOR021000
9781444101676	Get Started in Russian	Rachel Farmer		Are you looking for a course in Russian written for the absolute beginner who has no experience of learning a foreign language? Get Started in Russian will give you the confidence to communicate in Russian. Now fully updated to make your language learning experience fun and interactive. You can still rely on the benefits of a top language teacher and our years of teaching experience, but now with added learning features within the course and online. The emphasis of the course is placed on communication, rather than grammar, and all the teaching is in English, so that you will quickly and effortlessly get started in Russian. By the end of this course, you will be at Level B1 of the Common European Framework for Languages: can deal with most situations likely to arise whilst travelling in an area where the language is spoken. Learn effortlessly with new, easy-to-read page design and interactive features: NOT GOT MUCH TIME? One, five and ten-minute introductions to key principles to get you started. AUTHOR INSIGHTS Lots of instant help with common problems and quick tips for success, based on the author's many years of experience. USEFUL VOCABULARY Easy to find and learn, to build a solid foundation for speaking. DIALOGUES Read and listen to everyday dialogues to help you speak and understand fast. PRONUNCIATION Don't sound like a tourist! Perfect your pronunciation before you go. TEST YOURSELF Tests in the book and online to keep track of your progress. EXTEND YOUR KNOWLEDGE Extra online articles at: www.teachyourself.com to give you a richer understanding of the culture and history of Russia. TRY THIS Innovative exercises illustrate what you've learnt and how to use it. The course is available as a book (9781444101669), as a pack comprising the book and double CD (9781444101676) and as a double CD (9781444101683).	2010	Hodder Education		English				FOR021000
9780340990322	Teach Yourself Getting a Better Job	Roderic Ashley		The current world of work is tough whether you are looking for work or just looking to make better life choices. Things are changing fast and the 'job for life' is a long forgotten myth. This book, perceptively written and full of practical advice, tells you exactly how to become a hot property in the competitive job market. Filled with self-check questions, exercises and case studies it will help you to understand yourself and improve your chance of a fulfilling career. Written to appeal to the broadest spectrum of readers, it will prove invaluable whether you are starting out on your career, returning to work, looking to change direction or coping with redundancy or early retirement. Learn to understand your motivations, grow confident in what you have to offer and go get that job!	2009-05-29	Hodder Education		English				BUS073000
9780340966457	Teach Yourself to Live	Charles Garfield Lott Du Cann		SELF-HELP & PRACTICAL INTERESTS. First published in 1955, Teach Yourself to Live is an enchanting and eccentric commentary on how best to live the fullest life and to develop one's self to one's fullest capacity. Acknowledging that you can only attain this fullness by living and not reading about it, this book does not preach a certain lifestyle but is crammed full of timeless wisdom and humourous anecdotes that are sure to inspire, provoke reflection and make you laugh.Home should be for you, not you for the home. Make your home lest it should make you - what you should not be. Your home should be congenial, like its shell to the snail.The use of leisure can be foolish or fruitful. Apparent idleness may not be real idleness. We need to dream as well as to do. In 2008 Teach Yourself will celebrate its 70th anniversary. As part of our plans to commemorate this publishing phenomenon, we will publish some of our quirkiest and classic titles.	2007-12-28	Hodder Education		English				ZZZ000000
9780340859742	Travel writing	Cynthia Dial		Imagine travelling around the world... and getting paid to do it. As a travel writer, you're no longer a tourist: you must absorb the surroundings, note details and put your observations into context. TEACH YOURSELF TRAVEL WRITING will give those of you who love to travel and long to write about it the essential tools to turn it into a profession. Discover: - the steps beginners should take to get started - the A-B-C of writing winning travel articles - where to find great story ideas and how to present them - the markets available to you and how to write an irresistible proposal - how to get your work published - how to avoid the pitfalls	2003-03-28	Hodder Headline		English				ZZZ000000
9781444100884	Understand Counselling	Aileen Milne		Understand Counselling will give you a clear understanding of the main counselling theories and help you develop vital counselling skills. It will introduce you to the three main branches of counselling - psychodynamic therapy, person-centred therapy and cognitive behavioural therapy - and familiarize you with the key features of each one. Whether you are interested in training as a counsellor, are considering counselling yourself or simply want to become a better communicator, this book will give you confidence and understanding. NOT GOT MUCH TIME? One, five and ten-minute introductions to key principles to get you started. AUTHOR INSIGHTS Lots of instant help with common problems and quick tips for success, based on the author's many years of experience. TEST YOURSELF Tests in the book and online to keep track of your progress. EXTEND YOUR KNOWLEDGE Extra online articles at www.teachyourself.com to give you a richer understanding of counselling. FIVE THINGS TO REMEMBER Quick refreshers to help you remember the key facts. TRY THIS Innovative exercises illustrate what you've learnt and how to use it.	2010-04-01	Hodder Education		English				PSY010000
9780340958841	Teach Yourself Urdu	David Matthews&Mohamed Kasim Dalvi		This synopsis refers to the coursebook. A double CD pack accompanies the book and is available for purchase either separately (ISBN 9780340958865) or as a pack with the book (ISBN 9780340958858). TEACH YOURSELF URDU is a complete course in spoken and written Urdu. If you have never learnt Urdu before, or if your Urdu needs brushing up, is the course you need. David Matthews and Mohamed Kasim Dalvi have created a practical course that is both fun and easy to work through. They explain everything along the way and give you plenty of opportunities to practise what you have learnt. The course structure means that you can work at your own pace, arranging your learning to suit your needs. The course contains: - A range of graded units of dialogues, culture notes, grammar and exercises - A step-by-step guide to pronunciation - Urdu-English and English-Urdu vocabularies - An introduction to Urdu script By the end of the course you'll be able to cope with a whole range of situations and use the language confidently.	2007-12-28	Hodder Education		English				FOR030000
9780340860427	Vietnamese	Dana Healy		Engelstalige cursus Vietnamees voor beginners.	2003-12-26	Teach Yourself		English				ZZZ000000
9780747264965	The bounce	Betsy Tobin		THE BOUNCE is a masterpiece of lion-taming, cross-dressing, lost mothers and lost innocence, set in the glamorous and squalid world of the Victorian circus. Nineteen-year-old Nathan sails the Atlantic in search of the mother who abandoned him. He takes a job as a lion-tamer in a circus south of the Thames, where he meets Lulu, a celebrated rope-dancer with secrets; Nan, the orange-girl, haunted by her dead son and his menacing father; Queen, the lion on whom everything rests, and, at last, his mother - or is she his mother, after all? Like BONE HOUSE, THE BOUNCE is pacy, darkly Gothic and powerfully evocative, but its setting and the characters elevate it to a new level: literary historical fiction at its spine-tingling, compelling best.	2003-05-06	Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780755342280	The Boy from Nowhere	Rosie Goodwin		A powerful and moving new novel from this well-loved writer Alex never stood a chance. After one 'accident' too many, he's taken into care aged four. Although his mother promises to get him back, he's adopted by a childless couple and renamed Franky. It should be a fresh start, but his new dad has a twisted idea of fatherhood. Abused and alone, Franky escapes ' but his freedom is short-lived, and after a series of foster homes no one can get through to him. He says he's 'the boy from nowhere', but deep down he's still waiting for his mum to take him home. Franky slips into a dangerous world on the streets of London , earning a living the only way he can. One day he might find a way out, but can he ever trust again?	2009-12-10	Headline Book Publishing		English				FIC045000
9780316085250	The Boys of My Youth	Jo Ann Beard		Rarely does the debut of a new writer garner such attention & acclaim. The excitement began the moment "The Fourth State of Matter," one of the fourteen extraordinary personal narratives in this book, appeared in the pages of the New Yorker. It increased when the author received a prestigious Whiting Foundation Award in November 1997, & it continued as the hardcover edition of The Boys of My Youth sold out its first printing even before publication. The author writes with perfect pitch as she takes us through one woman's life - from childhood to marriage & beyond - & memorably captures the collision of youthful longing & the hard intransigences of time & fate.	1999-01-29	Little Brown & Co		English				ZZZ000000
9780752844510	The Darwin Awards,180 bizarre true stories of how dumb humans have met their maker	Wendy Northcutt		180 true stories that will make you glad to be alive - the bestselling book taken from one of the best-known and most frequently accessed web sites	2001-09-27	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780752848259	Darwin Awards II	Wendy Northcutt		The Darwin Awards - legendary true tales from www.DarwinAwards.com - commemorate the remains of people who have improved our gene pool by killing themselves in spectacularly stupid ways. One of the most popular manifestations of modern-day pessimism, the Awards are known and loved by practically everyone with access to email. This sequel to the bestselling Darwin Awards book brings together more true stories on the universal themes of death and stupidity, including: * Femme Fatalities * Engines of Destruction * Male-Functions The Darwin Awards: true stories that will make you glad to be alive!	2002-09-05	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780752859279	Darwin Awards III,Even More True Stories of How Dumb Humans Have Met Their Maker	Wendy Northcutt		Just when you thought it was safe to leave the house...brand new DARWIN AWARDS, the bestselling humour series that honours those people who improve the human gene pool by inadvertently removing themselves from it in sublimely idiotic ways.The sheriff who inadvertently shot himself TWICE... the artist who strung a "shell" necklace of live ammunition... the parachute instructor who forgot his own parachute when he jumped out of the plane... the man who put his ear against the rail tracks to listen for the arrival of a train and was killed by an incoming express.With over 100 brand-new awards winners, this collection of magnificent misadventures and macabre mishaps is the must-have humour title for the holiday season and beyond.	2004-09-02	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780752881768	The Darwin Awards IV	Wendy Northcutt		With over 100 all-new award winners, this hilarious collection of terminal mishaps will amuse and amaze all who read it. Who can forget the tale of the parachute jump instructor who jumped out of a plane - but left his parachute behind? Or the owner of an equipment training school who died while making a safety film?Wendy Northcutt's website, www.DarwinAwards.com, has been a huge cult hit around the world, with a devoted following of readers. Now, in this first new collection of highlights in three years, comes a selection of the best and funniest moments that ensure our future gene pool will not be contaminated by any of those whose claim to fame rests on appearing in this book.	2007-09-19	Orion		English				HUM000000
9780340995815	The Gates	John Connolly		A strange novel for strange young people. Young Samuel Johnson and his dachshund Boswell are trying to show initiative by trick-or-treating a full three days before Hallowe'en. Which is how they come to witness strange goings-on at 666 Crowley Avenue. The Abernathys don't mean any harm by their flirtation with Satanism. But it just happens to coincide with a malfunction in the Large Hadron Collider that creates a gap in the universe. A gap in which there is a pair of enormous gates. The gates to Hell. And there are some pretty terrifying beings just itching to get out . . . Can Samuel persuade anyone to take this seriously? Can he harness the power of science to save the world as we know it?	2010-01-20	Centraal Boekhuis		English				ZZZ000000
9780747259350	The gates	Jennifer Johnston		Once, the villagers would tip their hats respectfully when the McMahons drove out through the ornate iron gates at the end of the drive. Now, when the estate is in a state of peaceful decay, Minnie returns home, disrupting the tranquillity.	1998	Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780340708392	Gates of Midnight	Jessica Stirling		War has come to London once more and Holly Beckman, now a widow, is forced to find new depths of courage in the face of adversity. David Aspinall, her first lover, has come back after twenty years abroad. He still holds a fatal charm for Holly but only time will tell if she can finally trust him. A new generation defies convention in the face of death, as Holly's RAF pilot son Chris and David's niece embark on a whirlwind affair. Across the channel, Ritchie Beckman - his lucrative art business crumbling as the Germans advance on Paris - risks everything to outwit the Nazis, but his plan could mean tragedy for the whole Beckman family...	1999	Coronet		English				FIC030000
9780747259336	The gingerbread woman	Jennifer Johnston		On a rainy afternoon on Killiney Hill a young man walking, without his overcoat, happens upon a woman gazing out over Dublin bay, standing perilously close to the edge. From their testy encounter develops a remarkable friendship which will enable each to face afresh their very different, damaged pasts, and to look, however tentatively, towards the future.	2001	Review		English				FIC000000
9780753819364	The last days of Henry VIII,conspiracy, treason and heresy at the court of the dying tyrant	Robert Hutchinson		After 35 years in power, Henry VIII was a bloated, hideously obese, black-humoured old man, rarely seen in public. He had striven all his life to ensure the survival of his dynasty by siring legitimate sons, yet his only male heir was eight-year-old Prince Edward. It was increasingly obvious that when Henry died, real power in England would be exercised by a regent. The prospect of that prize spurred the rival court factions into deadly conflict. Robert Hutchinson has spent several years in original archival research. He advances a genuinely new theory of Henry's medical history and the cause of his death; he has unearthed some fabulous eyewitness material and papers from death warrants, confessions and even love letters between Katherine Parr and the Lord High Admiral.	2006-01-05	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780747261926	The last great dance on Earth	Sandra Gulland		At the turn of the nineteenth century, Napolegrave;on and his beloved Josegrave;phine inhabit the Tuileries Palace. During the years they have been married it has been a time of extraordinary turmoil and triumph; a time of hope and disappointment in their desire for a child. Support for the First Consul has never been more ecstatic in the streets and in the Republic, but the machinations of the old regime mean the lives of Bonaparte and all those around him are in constant danger. And never more so than when Bonaparte becomes Emperor and Josegrave;phine his Empress.	2001-07-05	Review		English				ZZZ000000
9780340822432	The last hours of ancient sunlight,waking up to personal and global transformation	Thom Hartmann		The world is reaching crisis point, as population growth escalates out of control, and species and cultures are being destroyed. With humans across the globe encroaching further and further upon Earth's resources, the realisation that the supply is finite has dawned and we now face the urgent dilemma of knowing how to create a sustainable future for ourselves. In this important book, award-winning author and international lecturer Thom Hartmann puts forward his lasting solution to our survival. Teaching us a new way of seeing, Hartmann introduces us to the lessons of our ancient ancestors - those which allowed sustainable living for many thousands of years but which we've forgotten. It is a call for consciousness combining spirituality and ecology that offers real hope for the future.	2001-12-06	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780752827506	New Rector	Rebecca Shaw		When Peter Harris arrives in Turnham Malpas as the new rector, he finds the village people welcoming but set in their ways. Yet despite his own weaknesses and the sadness of his childless wife, he comforts and advises his new parishioners, growing more and more involved with the rural way of life. Then the whole village is rocked by spiteful trick that goes terribly wrong, and a gruesome murder that points to a killer in its midst. Now, more than ever, Peter's pastoral role is crucial - and yet he is wrestling with his own private hell that may still wreck his own life.	2000-03-02	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780752874005	The no diet diet,do something different	Ben Fletcher&Karen Pine&Danny Penman		Scientists have discovered the secret of healthy permanent weight loss - and it's got nothing to do with dieting! People are over-weight because they are imprisoned by their bad habits. The fatter someone is, the more habits they have. THE NO DIET DIET shows you how to break these hidden habits so you can effortlessly lose weight without feeling hungry. There are no calories to count or carbs to watch - but more importantly - there's no diet to follow. Clinical trials show that THE NO DIET DIET will help you: - Lose weight without feeling hungry - Continue shedding the pounds until your body's ideal healthy weight emerges - Lose weight simply without using willpower, calorie counting, expensive diet clubs, restrictive food regimes or unrealistic exercise programmes - Become happier and healthier - Maintain the weight loss permanently by adopting the secrets of the naturally slim Stop dieting and start living with this revolutionary and original programme. You'll never have to buy another diet book again.	2006-02	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780340904985	Your Guide to Eczema	Sarah Wakelin		Your Guide to Eczema is the patient's ultimate source of essential and invaluable information. Providing all the necessary facts, guidance and support, this book will enable the reader to make informed choices and regain control of their life.  Written by Sarah Wakelin, a Consultant Dermatologist at St. Mary's Hospital, London, and an expert int he field, Your Guide to Eczema covers all aspects of this condition, from diagnosis to treatment, giving the reader invaluable advice on how to take control of the condition and manage it in everyday life. A comprehensive guide, this book will reassure, support and inform all those who read it.  The clear, straightforward design of the book together with original features such as myth/fact boxes, key terms, question and answer sections and a chapter on who patient/carer might need in the NHS and their role in the treatment of the condition will prepare the reader for all that may lie ahead.	2007-08-16	Oxford University Press, USA		English				ZZZ000000
9780340927465	Your Guide to Bowel Cancer	John Northover		The Royal Society of Medicine's Your Guide to Bowel Cancer is the patient's ultimate tool to understanding their illness, discovering valuable advice, and empowering them to make informed choices and to regain control of their life. Written by the top UK expert in this field, this is an easy-to-use guide to bowel cancer- most importantly explaining how to recognize the symptoms and seek treatment for this eminently curable but little discussed condition. The book explains the structure of the bowel and the nature of cancer,before outlining what the symptoms are and when to go and seek help. It will then acompany the patient and carer every step of the way, through different treatment and surgical options all the way to after-care and rehabilitation. Fully endorsed and supported by the Bobby Moore Fund and CancerResearch UK, this friendly and straightforward guide gives the reassurance and information you seek when you need it the most.	2007-07-05	Hodder Arnold		English				ZZZ000000
9780340928851	Your Guide to Coeliac Disease	Peter Howdle		The Royal Society of Medicine Your Guide to Coeliac Disease is the patient's ultimate tool to understanding their illness, discovering invaluable advice, and empowering them to make informed choices and to regain control of their life.Written by the top UK expert in this field, in conjunction with an expert dietician, this is an easy-to-read guide to coeliac disease, the symptoms, the treatment available, and ultimately how to overcome this misunderstood yet common illness. The book opens by explaining how to recognise the disease, where it comes from, and who else in your family might get it. It then goes on to detail diagnosis, management and most importantly taking control.A section on who you might meet in the NHS and their role in the treatment of your illness gives you a greater understanding of what you might expect and who might be involved.A friendly and straightforward guide, this book gives you an essential understanding of coeliac disease and its dietary requirements and will inform, reassure and support you, when you need it the most.	2007-01	Hodder Arnold		English				ZZZ000000
9780340927472	Your Guide to Schizophrenia	Adrianne Reveley		Your Guide to Schizophrenia is the patient's ultimate tool to understanding their illness, discovering invaluable advice, and empowering them to make informed choices and to regain control of their life. Written by the top UK expert in this field, and with the full support of the leading schizophrenia charity, this is an easy-to-read guide to schizophrenia. It explains the symptoms, diagnosis, treatment available, and ultimately how to live a fully functioning life with this misunderstood and often frightening condition. The book firstly explains what schizophrenia is, but more importantly what is is NOT; talks about the diagnosis of the illness, the treatment you will receive, the support you can expect and living with such practicalities as being a parent with mental illness and the impact on daily and social life. It demystifies such things as the mental health act, and provides full resources for carers. With user-friendly features such as 'Q and A' sections, 'Myths and Facts' boxes, explanations of key terms and case histories, this is a friendly and reassuring guide to a complex yet treatable condition.	2007-08-16	Hodder Arnold		English				ZZZ000000
9781841495736	The War of the Dwarves	Markus Heitz		The dwarves have gone to battle and they have been victorious. But outside the realm, dark forces are working. . . A secret army of Orcs, made immortal by the hidden powers of the Black Water, now marches towards Girdlegard, set to unleash its fury upon the kingdom. Sooner than they realise, Tungdil and his comrades will need to summon all their courage to do battle against this bloodthirsty horde. The Orcs are not the only threat. An unspeakable new power is growing and threatens the very existence of the dwarves. But both enemies have forgotten one very important truth: a dwarf is never more dangerous than when total obliteration seems inevitable . . .	2010-03-04	Little, Brown Book Group Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780304366712	The war of the running dogs,how Malaya defeated the Communist guerrillas, 1948-60	Noel Barber		Only three short years after the end of the Japanese occupation, war came again to Malaya. The Chinese-backed guerrillas called it the War of the Running Dogs - their contemptuous term for those in Malaya who remained loyal to the British. The British Government referred to this bloody and costly struggle as the 'Malayan Emergency'. Yet it was a war that lasted twelve years and cost thousands of lives. By the time it was over Malaya had obtained its independence - but on British, not on Chinese or Communist terms.Here is the war as it was. Here are the planters and their wives on their remote rubber estates, the policemen, the generals and the soldiers, the Malays, Chinese and Indians of a polyglot country, all fighting an astute, ruthless, and well organized enemy.	2004	Cassell		English				ZZZ000000
9780340689691	The watersplash	Patricia Wentworth		Detective and mystery stories. To the innocent visitor the picturesque village of Greenings would appear to be a haven of tranquillity. But every place has its secrets and beneath the calm surface lurk hidden resentments and dangerous passions. When a man is found lying face down in a nearby water splash, the verdict is death by misadventure. But Miss Silver happens to be in the neighbourhood and she suspects foul play.	1954-01-01	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780752894157	Tiger Ragtime	Catrin Collier		Judy Hamilton was born in the Cardiff docklands. Homeless after the death of her grandmother, she finds friendship, work and lodgings with Edyth Slater, above her bakery in Cardiff's colourful Tiger Bay. While attempting to make her way in a vibrant and complex society, Judy dreams of one day becoming a successful singer and actress. Restless and anxious to make his fortune, David Ellis also finds himself drawn to this busy port. He has left his brothers and sisters behind him on their isolated Breconshire farm. He is ready to embark on a new, more exciting life and is willing to do whatever it takes to find success. Judy and David both believe that they have the strength and determination to make their own luck. But David and Judy soon discover that even with a pocketful of money, the life they'd dreamed about may come at too high a price.	2008-05-13	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9781601620620	Til It's Gone	Dwayne Joseph		An unsatisfied sister doesn't appreciate what she has until it's gone after she cheats on her devoted lover and loses him. Original.	2008-07-29	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9781842557143	Solo,The Super Star	Pippa Funnell		Summer is approaching, and so is Tilly's first competition. After years of dreaming about being able to ride and compete, it's finally happening and it's all Tilly can think about! But before she can worry about her own performance, Tilly has to help new friends Brook and his black thoroughbred, Solo, overcome their nerves, and when she does, Brook reveals that he and Tilly have more in common than anyone could have guessed.For every girl who has ever longed for a pony of her own, these delightful,warm and engaging stories are packed with Pippa's expert advice oneverything you ever wanted to know about horses.	2010	Orion Children's Books		English				FIC000000
9781603200172	1968,The Year That Changed America	Editors of Time Magazine		A richly illustrated study of a life-altering year in American history captures the events, personalities, joys, tragedies, and experiences of 1968, from the assassinations of Robert Kennedy and Martin Luther King, Jr., to the riots in Chicago and escalation of the war in Vietnam, to three astronauts reading from the Bible while orbiting the moon, with a CD containing popular music of the era.	2008-04-22	Time Home Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9780753822159	Time at War	Nicholas Mosley		Nicholas Mosley, son of Oswald Mosley and his first wife, is an admired novelist, most famous for ACCIDENT, filmed by Joseph Losey from a Harold Pinter screenplay and starring Dirk Bogarde.Although he has previously published an autobiography, Nicholas Mosley has hitherto avoided writing about his WWII experience, in which his tangled relationship with his father, Sir Oswald Mosley, leader of the British fascist movement, plays a major part.TIME AT WAR shows Mosley coming of age as a young officer in the forcing house of war and being despatched as part of the Rifle Brigade to join the allies as they fight their way up Italy. At one point he ignominiously loses most of his platoon. Eventually he leads his men to capture a strategic farmhouse not far from Monte Cassino and wins the MC.Mosley gives his account against the backdrop of being the son of Britain's fascist leader who was imprisoned with his second wife (Diana, one of the Mitford sisters) in Brixton jail not long after the outbreak of war. What would have happened if Nicholas had been captured by the Germans and then identified?In fact at one point in the Italian campaign this happens. How he survives demonstrates that fact can sometimes be more bizarre than fiction.TIME AT WAR is both an absorbing war memoir and intriguing account of a relationship unlike any other in WWII. How do you live your life when Britain is fighting the axis powers when your father is the self-proclaimed British fascist leader?	2007-06-14	Phoenix		English				ZZZ000000
9780758228772	Two Rivers	T. Greenwood		Greenwood's new novel is a powerful, haunting tale of enduring love, destructive secrets, and opportunities that arrive in disguise.	2009	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780752882321	Tyler's Row	Miss Read		Miss Read heard about the sale of Tyler's Row from the always well-informed Mrs Pringle - and before long Fairacre was alive with rumours. Why were the present owners selling? Was it true that a football pools winner was about to buy it? Had Tyler's Row been condemned - or was it to be restored?All rumours are soon laid to rest when Peter and Diana Hale arrive in Fairacre to view Tyler's Row, with plans to knock the middle two cottages into one, and create their own rural haven.But the Hales soon discover that Fairacre is no Utopia, but a normal English village, with all the usual troubles...	2007	Orion		English				ZZZ000000
9780752890555	Tyrant,Storm of Arrows	Christian Cameron		Kineas, the Athenian cavalry commander, has come a long way since being dismissed from the army of Alexander and vengefully exiled by his own city. Together, his mercenary force and their Scythian allies have defeated a mighty Macedonian army at the Ford of the River God, and his adopted city of Olbia is now free once more. But his destiny will not allow him to enjoy the fruits of victory for long. Far to the east, at the farthest edge of the Sea of Grass, Alexander is threatening to crush the Scythian hordes once and for all. The Lady Srayanka of the Cruel Hands, the Scythian warrior-princess who spurned a king's love to be at Kineas's side, is pledged to take her tribe east to help stop 'the monster' - and Kineas knows he has no choice but to follow, even if it means embracing the violent death in battle that he has seen prefigured in countless dreams. But long before he can confront the might of Alexander's army alongside his beloved Srayanka, he must undertake an epic journey of breathtaking daring...	2009-03-23	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780575081918	Warsworn	Elizabeth Vaughan		Lara is a daughter of kings, a city girl and a powerful healer ion her own right, but she is the Warprize and has sworn an oath of loyalty to Keir, the barbarian Warlord, and his people. As Keir and the tribe are makingtheir way back to their homeland, they come across a village stricken down by plague - and though Lara has the tools to fight this scourge, the Warlord forbids her risking her own life. Both Lara and Kier are strong-willed and neither will bend easily, even for love. When Lara disobeys, she pays the price, for both she and Keir are struck down by the fatal disease - and so is their entire encampment. In the midst of the dying, a rival warrior gathers his followers and challenges Keir for the right to rule their tribe. If Keir, weakened by sickness, loses - he dies. And so does Lara . . .	2008-02-14	Gollancz		English				ZZZ000000
9780758222527	Wash and Die	Barbara Colley		When Charlotte LaRue, owner of the Maid for a Day cleaning service, discovers the dead body of her houseguest, a recovering alcoholic, in her living room, she becomes the number one suspect in the murder investigation. Reprint.	2008-12-01	Kensington Publishing Corp.		English				ZZZ000000
9780340822999	Watch me disappear	Jill Dawson		A ten-year-old girl vanishes without trace from a Fenland village, her body never found. Thirty years on, she comes sharply back to life in the mind's eye of her childhood friend, Tina Humber, who has done her best to put the past behind her. But now, as Tina returns home for a family wedding, she replays her memories in search of what happened, fearing that deep down she has always known who killed Mandy Baker. In this subtle, moodily atmospheric novel, Jill Dawson explores the line between innocent and perverted desire, and that volatile stage when young girls become aware of their attractions, but do not grasp the dangers.	2007	Sceptre		English				FIC025000
9780719565519	Waxing mythical,the life and legend of Madame Tussaud	Kate Berridge		Madame Tussaud is a name known all over the world. The queue to her exhibition is a landmark. Such is its phenomenal success, it has eclipsed the woman who started it all. But Marie Tussaud led a remarkable life. With grit and audacity she overcame reversals of fortune and built an extraordinary spectacle. Of lowly birth and uncertain paternity, Marie became apprentice to a charismatic showman in Paris who taught her the art of wax modelling. They plied their trade among a colourful cast of 'Italian singers, pastry cooks, restaurant keepers, marionettes, acrobats, giants, dwarves, ferocious beasts'. In her memoir she also claimed friendship with royals and revolutionaries including Marie Antoinette and Voltaire. But, as a born entrepreneur, did Marie's flair for publicity extend to moulding her own story? After the Revolution, she came to England and took her show on the road. She pursued the punishing lifestyle of the travelling show for many years and secured a lasting reputation in the Dickensian world of 19th century popular entertainment. More than a biography, this captivating cultural history plunges the reader into popular culture of the past; the escapist delights of canine cabaret, living skeletons, phantasmagoria and of course waxworks. It reveals a truth that Madame Tussaud understood and harnessed from the outset - the mass-market appeal of glamour and gore is enduring and universal.	2006-06-29	John Murray		English				ZZZ000000
9780340862124	Why?,Trusting God When Your Heart Is Breaking	Anne Graham Lotz		New from Billy Graham's daughter Anne Graham Lotz, further strengthening her powerful new UK ministry, a book for those who feel there are no answers. A book that takes us into the heart of suffering to show how Jesus is there with us and enables us to rise above the tragedy even though circumstances may not have changed. It's easy to trust God when things are going well, but how do you trust him when you are crying out in anguish. In the midst of such pain, it can be difficult to pray, to find solace in the Bible, to do anything other than hurt. In Why?, Anne Graham Lotz shows us how to find the friendship of Jesus in such despair. She takes us into the raw emotions of grief-stricken people and the very tender heart of Jesus by focusing on one of the most powerful and moving events in the Bible: the raising of Lazarus from the dead.	2004-01-22	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9780340962015	Wiffle Lever to Full!	Bob Fischer		He may not have a TARDIS or an X-Wing Fighter, but Bob Fischer is boldly going where, um, lots of men have gone before. And, to a lesser extent, possibly even a few women. Encountering gay Cybermen, obsessive Janet Ellis fans and Douglas Adams devotees hell-bent on destroying Blakes 7 lovers with water-pistols, Bob embarks on a marathon twelve-month journey around the country's sci-fi and cult TV conventions.Part fun travelogue, part field report, part misty-eyed childhood memoir, Bob freewheels his way fromDoctor WhotoDiscworld,Star WarstoStar TrekandRobin Of SherwoodtoRed Dwarf. In space, no one can hear you scream. And don't expect much sympathy in Peterborough, either.	2008-07-24	Hodder & Stoughton		English				ZZZ000000
9781409101994	Wild Boy,My Life in Duran Duran	Andy Taylor		When 19-year-old Andy Taylor returned from his band's tour of military bases in Germany and saw an advert in Melody Maker in April 1980 asking for a 'live wire guitarist' to audition in Birmingham, he saw his chance. Even he could not have predicted what happened next. The group, Duran Duran, released their first single, 'Planet Earth', ten months later and soon became the biggest band since the Beatles. Emerging in the post-punk era, Duran headed the New Romantic movement and with their stunning videos and style consciousness, they set the trend for the consumerist 1980s. Popular with everyone from rockers to Princess Diana, they had a string of massive worldwide hits such as 'Rio', 'The Reflex' and 'A View to a Kill'. They won Grammys and an Ivor Novello award among many other things.By Live Aid, in 1985, they were at their very pinnacle of success - and then the band began to fall apart. At the centre of it all, giving the group its musical pulse, was lead guitarist Andy Taylor. In this revealing and raw memoir, Taylor recalls the highs and lows of an unbelievable period where the squeaky clean facade hid the truth of wild partying as five young men took just about every opportunity that was offered to them.Andy Taylor's story is of an era when MTV was new, the media allowed superstars to get away with lots and rock stars knew how to party like there was no tomorrow. Wild Boy is a book that millions of fans of Duran Duran around the world will want to read to know the full story of what really happened.	2008-10-06	Orion Books Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780752849317	Wycliffe and the Last Rites	W. J. Burley		A bizarre murder shakes the Cornish village of Moresk. Arriving at church on Easter morning, the vicar discovers the body of a woman sprawled across the chancel steps. Has the church been desecrated by a Satanist ritual? Chief Superintendent Wycliffe sees the crime more as an expression of hatred directed at others in the community, besides the dead woman. His investigation, however, is frustrated at every turn, and when another horrific murder is committed, Wycliffe thinks he knows who the killer is. But can he prove it?	2002-12-05	Orion Publishing		English				ZZZ000000
