9780007318179	The Times Compact Atlas of the World	The Times		This is a complete world reference atlas in a convenient and easy-to-use format that retains the authority, style, and detail of the larger atlases offered in this range. All the mapping and information in this revised edition has been brought fully up to date to give an accurate picture of today's world, taking into account any recent environmental and geopolitical changes. The major updates include in this fifth edition include: the new independent country of Kosovo; the latest magnetic pole positions; revised Aral Sea and Lake Chad outlines; new high speed rail lines in Europe; abandoned settlementsa feature unique toTimesworld atlases, a large number of new road and railways, many of which are in China; and more than 400 place name changes. The comprehensive index contains more than 25,000 place names. Detailed reference maps in the distinctive and respectedTimesstyle provide balanced, systematic coverage of all parts of the world.	2010-03-01	HarperCollins UK		English				ZZZ000000
9788172235291	Himachal	HarperCollins Publishing		Himachal Pradesh Is Land Of Contrasts Where Fertile Farmlands Metamorphose Into Alpine Meadows, Quiet Glaciers Convert Into Rebellious Rivers And Hills Grow Up To Become Mountains. The Different Terrains Of Himachal Offer Visitors Breathtaking Vistas In Lahaul & Spiti, Awesome Mountain Capes In Kangra, Kinnaur And Chamba And Fashionable Vacation Alternatives In Shimla, Manali, Dharamshala And Dalhousie. The State Has A Rich Culture, A Hoary Past And An Exciting Present As A Preferred Destination For Both Adventure Aficionados And Regular Holidaymakers. The Harpercollin S Travel Guide S Aim Is To Showcase Ladakh To Visitors With Up-To-Date Information On Destinations, Hotels, Transportation And Activities. Offering An Insider S Perspective On Himachal Pradesh, We Take You Off The Beaten Track To Obscure Little Places That Delight The Seasoned Traveler Looking For A Holiday With A Difference. The Guide Also Takes Into Account The First-Time Traveler Offering Him Or Her A Choice Of Trails To The Most Popular Destinations In The State, Supplementing Essential Travel Information With Inputs On Culture, Crafts, Shopping And Sightseeing.	2003-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007276790	Indy's Journal Activity Book	HarperCollins Publishers Limited		Indiana Jones Is Back! And This Time He Has Even More Crypts To Conquer And More Treasures To Discover. Twenty Years On From The Last Crusade, Indy Is Picking Up The Fedora And Bullwhip Once Again - This Time On The Hunt For The Crystal Skull. Battle Your Way Through The Land And Help Indy Crack All Of The Clues, Puzzles And Games And Guide Him To His Destiny In This Cool Adventure Activity Book. Packed With Images From The Most Anticipated Movie Of 2008, Join In With All The Thrills And Spills Of The Newest Indiana Jones Adventure.	2008-05-01	HarperCollins		English				JNF021040
9788172235895	Rajasthan	Motilal (UK) Books of India&HarperCollins World		A Vast Land Of Windswept Sand Dunes, Magnificent Medieval Fortresses And Vibrant Colour, Rajasthan Holds Out The Promise Of A Million Discoveries. Thousands Converge On This Enticing State Every Year, Eager To Be Intoxicated By A Thrilling Combination Of Just About Everything One Could Possibly Ask For From A Dream Destination. Culture, History, Natural Beauty, Spirituality, Wildlife, Cuisine And A Warm Welcome To The State. From The Stunning Fresco-Painted Havelis Of Shekhavati To The Sand Dunes Surrounding Jaisalmer; From The Haunt Of The Tiger In Ramthambore To The Gurgling Fountains Of Udaipur S Gardens Welcome To Rajasthan! The Harpercollin S Travel Guide S Aim Is To Showcase Rajasthan To Visitors With Up-To-Date Information On Destinations, Hotels, Transportation And Activities. Offering An Insider S Perspective On Rajasthan, We Take You Off The Beaten Track To Obscure Little Places That Delight The Seasoned Traveler Looking For A Holiday With A Difference. The Guide Also Takes Into Account The First-Time Traveler Offering Him Or Her A Choice Of Trails To The Most Popular Destinations In The State, Supplementing Essential Travel Information With Inputs On Culture, Crafts, Sightseeing And Shopping.	2004-06-01	HarperCollins Publishers		English				ZZZ000000
9780007272372	Half Of A Yellow Sun	Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie		In 1960S Nigeria, A Country Blighted By Civil War, Three Lives Intersect. Ugwu, A Boy From A Poor Village, Works As A Houseboy For A University Lecturer. Olanna, A Young Woman, Has Abandoned Her Life Of Privilege In Lagos To Live With Her Charismatic New Lover, The Professor. The Third Is Richard, A Shy Englishman In Thrall To Olanna'S Enigmatic Twin Sister. When The Shocking Horror Of The War Engulfs Them, Their Loyalties Are Severely Tested As They Are Pulled Apart And Thrown Together In Ways That None Of Them Imagined&	2007	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9788172237455	The White Tiger	Aravind Adiga		The White Tiger Is A Compelling First Novel About The New India That Is Growing Roots All Around Us, In Unexpected And Often Ominous Ways. 'Compelling, Angry, And Darkly Humorous, The White Tiger Is An Unexpected Journey Into A New India. Aravind Adiga Is A Talent To Watch.' Mohsin Hamid, Booker-Shortlisted Author Of The Reluctant Fundamentalist 'In The Grand Illusions Of A Rising India, Aravind Adiga Has Found A Subject Gogol Might Have Envied. With Remorselessly And Delightfully Mordant Wit The White Tiger Anatomises The Fantastic Cravings Of The Rich; It Evokes, Too, With Startling Accuracy And Tenderness, The No Less Desperate Struggles Of The Deprived.' Pankaj Mishra 'Unlike Almost Any Other Indian Novel You Might Have Read In Recent Years, This Page-Turner Offers A Completely Bald, Angry, Unadorned Portrait Of The Country As Seen From The Bottom Of The Heap; There'S Not A Sniff Of Saffron Or A Swirl Of Sari Anywhere. Narrated By Balram, A Self-Styled Entrepreneur Who Has Murdered His Employer, The Book Follows His Progress From Child Labourer, Via Humiliation As A Servant And Driver, To A Mysterious New Life In Bangalore. Balram Himself Is An Enticing Figure, Whose Reasons For Murder Become Completely Understandable By The End, But Even More Impressive Is The Nitty-Gritty Of Indian Life That Adiga Unearths: The Corruption, The Class System, The Sheer Petty Viciousness. The Indian Tourist Board Won'T Be Pleased, But You'Ll Read It In A Trice And Find Yourself Gripped.' Sunday Times, London	2008	HarperCollins Publishers India, a joint venture with The India Today Group		English				ZZZ000000
9788172236670	One-day cricket,the Indian challenge	Ashis Ray		A Panoramic View Of One-Day Cricket& One-Day Cricket: The Indian Challenge Chronicles The Limited Over Game From An Indian Perspective. It Traces Its Origins And Covers Every World Cup And Champions Trophy Tournament And The 1985 Benson & Hedges World Championship . India S Victory In The 1983 World Cup Finds Pride Of Place. Some All-Time Great One-Day Internationals (Odis) Are Highlighted As Well As India S Intense Rivalry With Pakistan. The Book Concludes With A Preview Of The 2007 World Cup, And Also Examines Saurav Ganguly S Previously Controversial Exclusion From The Indian Side. An Entire Chapter Is Devoted To The Turning Point For India In Odis A Win Against The Then Mighty West Indies In March 1983. The Work Also Portrays The Bumpy Shift In The Balance Of Power In World Cricket From Anglo Saxon Control To Indian Dominance. This Mostly First-Hand, Anecdotal Sweep Of Over 44 Years Of One-Day Cricket, Blended With Sharp Analysis, Is Also An Invaluable Statistical Guide. And It Comes From The Commentator Who Broadcast Ball-By-Ball On Bbc, Of India S Meteoric March In The 1983 World Cup.	2007-02-01	Motilal (UK) Books of India		English				ZZZ000000
9788172237219	The Miniaturist	Kunal Basu		In The Sumptuous Court Of The Emperor Akbar, In 16Th Century India, A Group Of Artists Begins The Painstaking Task Of Chronicling The Emperor'S Life. Bihzad Is The Son Of The Chief Artist And As Such, He Is Groomed To Follow In His Father'S Footsteps. A Child Prodigy, Bihzad Is Shielded From Life As He Grows Up In The Stunning Fortress Town Of Agra. But As Word Of His Talent Spreads, Rumours About The Wild, Passionate Nature Of His Secret Drawings Bring His Enemies Out Into The Open. When The Young Artist Breaches The Rules Of The Court, They Will Use His Art To Destroy Him.	2008-02-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9788172237202	The Opium Clerk	Kunal Basu		Hiran Is Born In 1857: The Year Of Mutiny And The Year His Father Dies. Brought To Calcutta By His Widowed Mother He Turns Out To Have Few Talents, Apart From An Uncanny Ability To Read A Man'S Lies In His Palm. When Luck Gets Him A Job At The Auction House, Hiran Finds Himself Embroiled In A Mysterious Trade, And Even More Deeply Embroiled In The Affairs Of His Nefarious Superior, The Infamous Mr Jonathan Crabbe And His Opium Addicted Wife. An Unlikely Hero, Hiran Is Caught Up In Rebellion And War, Buffeted By Storms At Sea, By Love And Intrigue, Innocently Implicated In Fraud And Dark Dealings.	2008-01-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007241705	The Lighthouse Stevensons	Bella Bathurst		For centuries the seas around Scotland were notorious for shipwrecks. Mariners' only aids were skill, luck, and single coal-fire light on the east coast, which was usually extinguished by rain. In 1786 the Northern Lighthouse Trust was established, with Robert Stevenson appointed as chief engineer a few years later. In this engrossing book, Bella Bathhurst reveals that the Stevensons not only supervised the construction of the lighthouses under often desperate conditions but also perfected a design of precisely chiseled interlocking granite blocks that would withstand the enormous waves that batter these stone pillars. The same Stevensons also developed the lamps and lenses of the lights themselves, which "sent a gleam across the wave" and prevented countless ships from being lost at sea.While it is the writing of Robert Louis Stevenson that brought fame to the family name, this memorizing account shows how his extraordinary ancestors changed the shape of the Scotland coast-against incredible odds and with remarkable technical ingenuity.	2007-05-01	Harper Perennial		English				ZZZ000000
9780007241668	The Diving-Bell and the Butterfly	Jean-Dominique Bauby		The diary of Jean-Dominique Bauby who, with his left eyelid (the only surviving muscle after a massive stroke) dictated a remarkable book about his experiences locked inside his body. A masterpiece and a bestseller in France. On 8 December 1995, Jean-Dominique Bauby suffered a massive stroke and slipped into a coma. When he regained consciousness three weeks later, the only muscle left functioning was in his left eyelid although his mind remained as active and alert as it had ever been. He spent most of 1996 writing this book, letter by letter, blinking as an alphabet was repeatedly read out to him. 'The Diving-Bell and the Butterfly' was published in France on Thursday 6th March 1997. It was immediately hailed as a masterpiece. And then, three days later, he died. 'The Diving-Bell and the Butterfly', which records Bauby's lonely existence, is probably the most remarkable book about the triumph of the human spirit, the ability to invent a life for oneself in the most appalling of circumstances, that you will ever read	2007-03-01	Harper Collins		English				ZZZ000000
9781933354576	Manhattan Noir 2,The Classics	Lawrence Block		Classic reprints from: Edith Wharton, Stephen Crane, O. Henry, Irwin Shaw, Jerome Weidman, Damon Runyon, Evan Hunter, Jerrold Mundis, Edgar Allan Poe, Horace Gregory, Geoffrey Bartholomew, Cornell Woolrich, Barry N. Malzberg, Clark Howard, Jerome Charyn, Donald E. Westlake, Joyce Carol Oates, Lawrence Block, Susan Isaacs, and others.Lawrence Block has won most of the major mystery awards and has been called the quintessential New York writer. His series characters-Matthew Scudder, Bernie Rhodenbarr, Evan Tanner, Chip Harrison, and Keller-all live in Manhattan; like their creator, they would not really be happy anywhere else.	2008-09-01	Akashic Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781888451955	Manhattan Noir	Lawrence Block		Brand-new stories by: Jeffery Deaver, Lawrence Block, Charles Ardai, Carol Lea Benjamin, Thomas H. Cook, Jim Fusilli, Robert Knightly, John Lutz, Liz Martinez, Maan Meyers, Martin Meyers, S.J. Rozan, Justin Scott, C.J. Sullivan, and Xu Xi. Lawrence Block has won most of the major mystery awards, and has been called the quintessential New York writer, although he insists the city's far too big to have a quintessential writer. His series characters-Matthew Scudder, Bernie Rhodenbarr, Evan Tanner, Chip Harrison, and Keller-all live in Manhattan; like their creator, they wouldn't really be happy anywhere else.	2006	Akashic Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780007195732	Earthly Powers,The Conflict Between Religion and Politics from the French Revolution to the Great War	Michael Burleigh		A major work setting out the inextricable link between politics and religion over the past two centuries, from the French Revolution to the present day's War on Terror. In this dazzling and hugely relevant book Michael Burleigh explores the way in which religion, broadly construed, functions within European societies. 'Earthly Powers' is an examination of the politics of religion and the religion of politics in Europe from the French Revolution until the Great War. Its astonishing scope encompasses the philosophers of the Enlightenment and the influence of thinkers like de Maistre and de Bonald and Lamennais, as well as the pseudo-religious aspects of Marxism. It looks at painters like Zoffany and David and analyses their representations of their times. It considers the exploits of O'Connell, hero of Catholic Emancipation, Mazzini, Mickiewicz and Garibaldi, and goes via nineteenth century English and Russian literature, to the epic struggles between Church and State, industry and the rise of Christian socialism. It concludes with the advent of the 'old stone gods' that heralded the totalitarian political religions of the twentieth century. Throughout, Burleigh's writing is never less than brilliant and absorbing, handling a welter of ideas and historical detail with confidence, verve and sophistication. He is always revealing and original, showing us the deeper workings of history in a way we have never seen before. It confirms him as one of Europe's greatest modern historians.	2006-10-02	Harper Perennial		English				ZZZ000000
9780007246489	Extreme nature	Mark Carwardine		A beautiful and fascinating portrait of the world's most extreme wildlife, from the sexiest beast to the smelliest plant. The world's most devious plant, the largest flock of birds, the biggest drug user, the most dangerous love-life...here is a mind-blowing guide to the weirdest and most remarkable wildlife on our planet. With many extraordinary images sourced from all over the world, this is a beautiful book to own as well as an unputdownable read. The entries are quirky yet informative, focusing on single species with bizarre lifestyles and impressive adaptations. The main book consists of over 150 entries, organised into four sections: Extreme Growth, Extreme Abilities, Extreme Movement and Extreme Families. Intelligently written, it is aimed at all those with an interest in wildlife. While assuming no prior knowledge on the part of its readers, it is still scientifically rigorous enough to captivate every expert. Big in scope, it is a gorgeous and fascinating portrait of the natural wonders of our planet.	2007-03-29	Collins		English				ZZZ000000
9781855384279	The art of dreaming	Carlos Castaneda		Containing detailed descriptions of different dreaming techniques, [the author's] approaches, through the protean teachings of don Juan, are geared to show, as well as guide, a dreamer through the four stages (or "Gates") of dreaming. After mastering passage through the four Gates, one will have better command of their own dreams, the potential of those dreams, and what they symbolize in our waking world. -Back cover.	2004-02-16	Aquarian		English				ZZZ000000
9781857024050	Wonder boys	Michael Chabon		Michael Chabon's Grady Tripp is one messed up college writing professor - his marriage is breaking up, his girlfriend (wife of the dean) is pregnant, his marijuana habit is taking over and his editor is just about out of a job. Tripp has published a few moderately successful novels but is strangling his creativity with introspection and marijuana - never finishing a 2,000-plus-page novel called Wonder Boys. When his editor and best friend, Terry Crabtree, comes to town and spreads chaos, Tripp goes along for the ride. Farcical misadventures dominate, from a picked-up transvestite to a wild ride in a stolen car that contains a tuba and the corpses of a dog and a boa constrictor. Chabon writes with a wry, vulnerable wit that cleaves open the minds of his wonderful characters while his clean prose keeps the madcap story going so well that you'll want it to never end.	1996-03-28	Fourth Estate		English				ZZZ000000
9780007127122	Summerland	Michael Chabon		An Unforgettable Novel From One Of America S Greatest Living Storytellers, Summerland Is About Redemption And The True Nature Of Heroism. Ethan, Is A Young Hero On A Quest Though The Strange World Of American Faery. Since Baseball Is The Favourite Game Of American Fairies, Or 'Ferishers' As The North American Fairy Folk Call Themselves, This Is Necessarily A Story Of Baseball, Too. Zeppelins, Werefoxes, Indians And Indian Mythology, Sasquatches, Wendigos, Alaska, The Haunted, 161-Year-Old Husk Of George Armstrong Custer, And A Boy Who Thinks He'S An Android, Also Figure In The Action. Along The Way, The Hero And Heroine Find Themselves And Each Other; A Band Of Ferishers Triumphs Over Their Ancient Enemy And Finally Find Someone New To Play Baseball Against; A Widower'S Heart Will Heal As His Airship Conquers The Northern Sky; And A Burned Out Colombian Slugger Named Rodrigo Buendia Will Find Redemption In Discovering, With Ethan Feld And Jennifer T. Rideout, The True Nature Of Heroism.	2003-07-31	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9781857029857	Werewolves in their youth	Michael Chabon		There Are The Two Boys Of The Title Story, Locked In Their Own World Of Fantasy And Make-Believe, Reaching Out To Each Other To Survive The Terrible Prospect Of Fatherlessness. 'House Hunting' Shows Us The Grim Spectacle Of A Couple Whose Marriage Is In Its Death Throes, And Whose Search For A Happy Home Is Doomed; In Another Story A Couple Struggle To Overcome The Effects Of A Brutal Rape. Elsewhere, A Family Therapist Comes Face To Face With The Dark Secret Of His Childhood, And An American Football Star Down On His Luck Makes His Peace With His Father. The Collection Culminates In A Daring And Wonderfully Baroque Horror Story 'In The Black Mill', Which Chronicles The Terrifying Fate That Befalls An Archaeologist As He Uncovers Cannibalism And Ritual Sacrifice In A Gloomy Pennsylvanian Town. Serious In Their Subject Matter, Yet Shot Through With Wit, Humour And Compassion, These Nine Short Stories Demonstrate Chabon'S Ability To Weave Together Comedy And Tragedy With Unforgettable Results.	1999-11-04	Fourth Estate		English				ZZZ000000
9780007119264	Evil under the sun	Agatha Christie		Tv Tie-In To The New Poirot Tv Movie Starring David Suchet. It Was Not Unusual To Find The Beautiful Bronzed Body Of The Sun-Loving Arlena Stuart Stretched Out On A Beach, Face Down. Only, On This Occasion, There Was No Sun& She Had Been Strangled. Ever Since Arlena S Arrival At The Resort, Hercule Poirot Had Detected Sexual Tension In The Seaside Air. But Could This Apparent Crime Of Passion Have Been Something More Evil And Premeditated Altogether?	2001	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007119301	Peril at End House	Agatha Christie		Nick Buckley Was An Unusual Name For A Pretty Young Woman. But Then She Had Led An Unusual Life. First, On A Treacherous Cornish Hillside, The Brakes On Her Car Failed. Then, On A Coastal Path, A Falling Boulder Missed Her By Inches. Later, An Oil Painting Fell And Almost Crushed Her In Bed. Upon Discovering A Bullet-Hole In Nick S Sun Hat, Hercule Poirot Decides The Girl Needs His Protection. At The Same Time, He Begins To Unravel The Mystery Of A Murder That Hasn T Been Committed. Yet.	2001-06-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007120710	Sad Cypress	Agatha Christie		Beautiful Young Elinor Carlisle Stood Serenely In The Dock, Accused Of The Murder Of Mary Gerrard, Her Rival In Love. The Evidence Was Damning: Only Elinor Had The Motive, The Opportunity And The Means To Administer The Fatal Poison. Yet, Inside The Hostile Courtroom, Only One Man Still Presumed Elinor Was Innocent Until Proven Guilty: Hercule Poirot Was All That Stood Between Elinor And The Gallows&	2001	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007120895	One, two, buckle my shoe	Agatha Christie		The Dentist Was Found With A Blackened Hole Below His Right Temple. A Pistol Lay On The Floor Near His Outflung Right Hand. Later, One Of His Patients Was Found Dead From A Lethal Dose Of Local Anaesthetic. A Clear Case Of Murder And Suicide. But Why Would A Dentist Commit A Crime In The Middle Of A Busy Day Of Appointments? A Shoe Buckle Holds The Key To The Mystery. Now In The Words Of The Rhyme Can Poirot Pick Up The Sticks And Lay Them Straight?	2002	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007120994	Hickory dickory dock	Agatha Christie		An Outbreak Of Kleptomania At A Student Hostel Was Not Normally The Sort Of Crime That Aroused Hercule Poirot S Interest. But When He Saw The List Of Stolen And Vandalized Items Including A Stethoscope, Some Old Flannel Trousers, A Box Of Chocolates, A Slashed Rucksack And A Diamond Ring Found In A Bowl Of Soup He Congratulated The Warden, Mrs Hubbard, On A Unique And Beautiful Problem . The List Made Absolutely No Sense At All. But, Reasoned Poirot, If This Was Merely A Petty Thief At Work, Why Was Everyone At The Hostel So Frightened?	2002	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007219612	A Girl's Guide to Kissing Frogs	Victoria Clayton		Position Vacant: Prince Charming Wanted. Fairy-Tale Castle Optional. Frogs Need Not Apply. A Charming, Witty Novel From Much-Loved Novelist, Victoria Clayton A Girl May Have To Kiss A Lot Of Frogs Before She Finds Her Prince Charming But Marigold Has Found Herself A Real Toad. As A Principal Dancer At The Lenoir Ballet Company, She Is On Her Way To Becoming A Prima Ballerina. She Has The Talent And The Ballet Director, Sebastian Lenoir, Has Her Bent Over Backwards Quite Literally Working Her Way To The Top. But, When A Painful Fall Sends Her Limping Home To Northumberland To Recuperate, Marigold Fears That This Could Mean The End To Her Dreams. Luckily, Her Childhood Friend, Rafe, Who Is Just As Delicious As She Remembers Him, Is Ready And Waiting To Sweep Her Off Her Feet. But, Is There A Handsome Stranger Waiting In The Wings? A Girl'S Guide To Kissing Frogs Is A Charming, Witty Book, Perfect For Fans Of 'Not Married, Not Bothered', 'A Short History Of Tractors In Ukrainian' And 'The Girls' Guide To Hunting And Fishing'.	2007-08-01	Harper		English				ZZZ000000
9780007183807	Collins English dictionary	Justin Crozier		Now with COLOUR entry words, this second edition of Collins Essential Dictionary is the perfect language tool for every situation.With internet links, clear, helpful usage notes, and a practical supplement created in partnership with PITMAN TRAINING, this is the ideal dictionary for office use.Specially tailored to meet the needs of the office user, the new COLOUR Collins Essential Dictionary has fully comprehensive definitions, word tips to provide extra help with English usage, and weblinked entries to take the user's knowledge further than a traditional dictionary.Get it right: the newest words, including many from the Collins Word Exchange websiteGet there fast: now in COLOUR for the first time, the clear, accessible brand-new layout ensures can find the language they need when they need itFind out more: PITMAN TRAINING supplement ensures users know how to present correspondence to clients, colleagues, and customers in a clear and effective wayWhere does it fit in the range?Collins Concise DictionaryCollins Essential DictionaryCollins Solutions Dictionary	2006-06-29	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007208821	Spanish Dictionary	Collins Educational Staff		The Collins Pocket Spanish Dictionary offers the user excellent coverage of today's language and usage. Colour layout and clear presentation of information allow maximum accessibility in a compact, handy format.Developed as part of the Collins Education + Leisure stream, this dictionary is designed for all those studying Spanish, whether at school, for travel or as a hobby. It is the ideal text for anyone who needs a wealth of reliable information in a portable format.Have confidence: the Collins Pocket Spanish Dictionary offers extensive coverage of today's English and Spanish, with thousands of phrases and examples guiding the user to the most appropriate translation.Get it right: in addition to the renowned accuracy of translation, this new second edition now includes an in-depth and attractively presented supplement containing information on numerous aspects of life and culture in the Spanish-speaking world.Get there fast: clear, colour layout ensures that you find the information you need quickly and easily.Where does it fit in the range?Collins Spanish Gem 0-00-719597-4Collins Spanish School Gem 0-00-720888-XCollins Pocket Spanish Dictionary 0-00-720882-0Words are tools for life. And a Collins dictionary makes them work for you.	2006-05	HarperCollins Publishers Limited		English				FOR026000
9780007224135	Greek Dictionary	Sotirios Tsioris		Now in COLOUR, the Collins Greek Gem Dictionary offers the learner of Greek extensive and up-to-date coverage of Greek and English in a compact, portable format.Developed as part of the Collins Education and Life Skills streams, this dictionary is designed for all levels of language learner, whether at home, at school, or at work. It is the indispensable small dictionary for learners of Greek.Have confidence: the Collins Greek Gem Dictionary offers extensive coverage of today's Greek and English.Get it right: in-depth treatment of the most frequently used words in both languages.Get there fast: now in COLOUR for the first time, the clear layout ensures that users find the information they want quickly and easily.Where does it fit in the range?Collins Greek Gem 0-00-722413-3Collins English-Greek Dictionary 0-00-722428-1Collins Greek-English Dictionary 0-00-722427-3Words are tools for life. And a Collins dictionary makes them work for you.	2006-06-29	HarperCollins		English				FOR010000
9780007224012	English-Japanese Dictionary	[Anonymus AC05211563]		This is the rebranded version of the first edition of the bestselling Collins English-Japanese Gem Dictionary, which covers all the words and phrases learners will need to know.This dictionary provides the best coverage of today's language and usage for learners of Japanese in a handy package.With its extensive coverage, the Collins English-Japanese Gem is the indispensable small dictionary for learners of Japanese.The dictionary offers extra help with translating essential vocabulary, and thousands of phrases. Full Japanese pronunciation is given in romanized form.	2006-06-29	Collins		English				ZZZ000000
9780006173137	Sharpe's Eagle,Richard Sharpe and the Talavera Campaign, July 1809	Bernard Cornwell		The newly raised South Essex Regiment has just arrived in Portugal and Richard Sharpe is ordered to accompany the inexperienced unit. He quickly comes into conflict with its arrogant colonel, Sir Henry Simmerson, whose incompetence leads to the loss of many of his men in the regiment's disastrous first operation. When Wellesley promotes Sharpe to captain, Simmerson's resentment deepens, and Sharpe discovers just how dangerous an enemy he has made. As he leads his men into battle at Talavera, Sharpe knows that only though courage and outstanding bravery can he save his career and the honour of the regiment.	1981	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007120161	Sharpe's Fury	Bernard Cornwell		For more than twenty years, the brave and dashing officer Richard Sharpe has been thrilling audiences on both the page and on screen. Now the incomparable Bernard Cornwell "the direct heir to Patrick O'Brian"* returns with an exciting new installment, the first new Sharpe novel in more than two years. The year is 1811, and the French appear to have won their war in Portugal and Spain. The British army is penned into a small part of Portugal, while all of Spain except for the sea-wrapped city of Cadiz has fallen to the invader. Captain Richard Sharpe has no business being in Cadiz but finds himself in a city under French siege, attempting to defeat a blackmail attempt by Spaniards who want to break the alliance with Britain and forge a friendship with Napoleon's France diabolical plans that only Sharpe can thwart. A triumph of both historical and battle fiction, "Sharpe's Fury" will sweep both old and new Sharpe fans into their hero's incredible adventures.	2007-06-14	HarperCollins Publishers Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780006513100	Sharpe's prey,Richard Sharpe and the expedition to Copenhagen, 1807	Bernard Cornwell		Historisk roman fra napoleonskrigene.	2002-02-28	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007279234	Extreme Birds	Dominic Couzens		A Beautiful And Fascinating Portrait Of The World'S Most Extreme Birds, From The Biggest And Fastest, To The Smelliest And Smartest. Birds Are Among The Most Popular And Fascinating Of All Living Things. They Amaze Us With Their Variety, Stun Us With Their Beauty, And Intrigue Us With Their Ingenuity. Packed With Astonishing Facts And Absorbing Detail, This Lavishly Illustrated Book Brings Together The Extremes Of The Bird World, Including The Fastest Flyer, The Deepest Diver, The Craftiest Builder And The Funniest Forager. Featured Alongside More Conventional Record Breakers Are Some Truly Remarkable Birds, Such As The Male Emperor Penguin That Fasts For Four Months At A Time, The Caledonian Crow That Uses Tools Fashioned Out Of Leaves To Skewer Grubs, And The Irrepressible Kea That Slides Down Tree Trunks Just For Fun. An Exploration Of Exceptional Forms, Bizarre Habits And Fantastic Feats, Extreme Birds Reveals The Extraordinary And Often Complex Ways In Which Birds Cope With The Countless Challenges Of Life.	2008-09-01	Collins		English				SCI070040
9780007146192	Journey's end	Josephine Cox		Following the fortunes of some of the much-loved characters from her bestseller 'The Journey', Josephine Cox's powerful new novel spans continents, decades and generations of one family. Like a ghost from the past, she walked along the platform towards them... It has been over twenty years since Vicky Maitland set foot on English soil. Twenty years since she left Liverpool with her three children, bound for a new life in America, leaving her beloved husband Barney behind. But this long journey home is the hardest of all. She is here in search of the truth, afraid of what she may find. Why did Barney turn against his family so suddenly, so cruelly? Only her old friend Lucy Baker knows what happened. And Lucy promised Barney she would never tell his secret. Is it time she broke her silence and explain the events of so long ago? As the past weighs heavily on Lucy's heart, other ghosts are stirring, intent on revenge. Will they finally catch up with Vicky and Lucy?	2006-01-01	Harper		English				ZZZ000000
9788172238605	The Other woman,16 tales of love and deception	monica das		Deceptive, tenacious and sinful, the 'other woman' seduces husbands, breaks happy and unhappy marriages by playing the dark temptress. She stands as much on the inside as on the outside of the relationship she infringes upon. As lover, girlfriend or second wife, she is not always in the wrong, though she can often end up becoming a victim. This is the woman, powerful yet powerless, that we encounter in story after story of this unusual collection. Manorama's many men abandon her the day she falls in love with one man. Maganlal Daruwala initiates Shardabai into prostitution and becomes the richest bidder for first nights to her daughter, granddaughter and great-granddaughter. A tribal girl frees Randhir of all inhibitions in a sexual encounter. A man surrenders his body to an older woman as a devotee's offering to a deity. A visitor from home brings along Suniti's little secret from the past, thus shattering the calm of her marital life. Incredibly moving tales of love and heartbreak, The Other Woman bring together the many perceptions of love, lust, fidelity, and the enigmatic 'otherness' of all women.	2009	Harper Perennial		English				ZZZ000000
9780007263028	Tokyo Cancelled	Rana Dasgupta		A Major International Debut Novel From A Storyteller Who Couples A Timelessly Beguiling Style To An Energetically Modern Worldscape. Thirteen Passengers Are Stranded At An Airport. Tokyo, Their Destination, Is Covered In Snow And All Flights Are Cancelled. To Pass The Night They Form A Huddle By The Silent Baggage Carousels And Tell Each Other Stories. Robert De Niro'S Child, Conceived In A Laundromat, Masters The Transubstantiation Of Matter And Turns It Against His Enemies; A Ukrainian Merchant Is Led By A Wingless Bird Back To A Lost Lover; A Man Who Edits Other People'S Memories Has To Confront His Own Past; A Chinese Youth With Amazing Luck Cuts Men'S Hair And Cleans Their Ears; An Entrepreneur Risks Losing Everything In His Obsession With A Doll; A Mute Turkish Girl Is Left All Alone In The House Of German Cartographer. Told By People On A Journey, These Are Stories About Lives In Transit. Stories From The Great Cities - New York, Istanbul, Delhi, Lagos, Paris, Buenos Aires - That Grow In To A Novel About The Hopes And Dreams And Disappointments That Connect People Everywhere. Dasgupta'S Writing Is Utterly Distinctive And Fresh, So Striking That It Seems To Come From The Future And The Past All At Once, But In Marrying A Timeless Mystery To An Alert Modernity, His Cautionary Tales Manage To Be Reminiscent Of Both Ballard And Borges, Depicting Ordinary Extraordinary Individuals (Some Lost, Some Confused, Some Happy) In A World That Remains Ineffable, Inexplicable, Wonderful.	2005-01-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007318865	Cyanide and Happiness,I'm Giving You the Finger	Robert DenBleyker&Dave McElfatrick&Matt Melvin&Kris Wilson		A laugh-out-loud and exceedingly irreverent collection of comics from the #1 hit web comic, Cyanide and Happiness. Complete with 150 of their funniest classic comics as well as well as 30 brand new ones.A laugh-out-loud and exceedingly irreverent collection of comics from the #1 hit web comic, Cyanide and Happiness. Complete with 150 of their funniest classic comics as well as well as 30 brand new ones.	2009-10-29	Harper Collins Publ. UK		English				ZZZ000000
9780007300440	Justine	Marquis de Sade		In a Parisian tavern the Countess de Lorsange reveals her history to a young woman named Therese--a story in which a young girl and her sister fight a battle of morality. Set in a period before the French Revolution, " Justine" shows the battle of virtue versus vice, where earning your keep takes on fresh connotations, and a titled lady holds a lifetime of illicit secrets. De Sade's first novella, this book was written in 1787 while he was imprisoned for two weeks in the Bastille. Although published anonymously, de Sade was eventually indicted for blasphemy and obscenity (without trial) for its authorship at the behest of Napoleon Bonaparte.	2010	HarperCollins UK		English				ZZZ000000
9788172238018	Strategic Intuition: The Creative Spark In Human Achievement	William Duggan		That's when you need it most. Everyone knows you need creative thinking, or entrepreneurial thinking, or innovative thinking, or strategic thinking to succeed in the modern world. All these kinds of thinking happen through flashes of insight - strategic intuition. And now that we know how it works, you can learn to do it better.That's what this book is about. Over the past ten years, William Duggan has conducted pioneering research on strategic intuition and for the past three years has taught a popular course at Columbia Business School on the subject. He now gives us this eye-opening book that shows how strategic intuition lies at the heart of great achievements throughout human history: the scientific and computer revolutions, women's suffrage, the civil rights movement, modern art, microfinance in poor countries, and more.Considering the achievements of people and organizations, from Bill Gates to Google, Copernicus to Martin Luther King, Picasso to Patton, you'll never think the same way about strategy again. Three kinds of strategic ideas apply to human achievement: Strategic analysis, where you study the situation you face; Strategic intuition, where you get a creative idea for what to do; and, Strategic planning, where you work out the details of how to do it. There is no shortage of books about strategic analysis and strategic planning. This new book by William Duggan is the first full treatment of strategic intuition. It's the missing piece of the strategy puzzle that makes essential reading for anyone interested in achieving more in any field of human endeavor.	2008	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007204922	The Deep	Helen Dunmore		The third spellbinding story about Sapphy and Conor's adventures in the powerful and dangerous underwater world of Ingo. A devastating flood has torn through the worlds of Air and Ingo, and now, deep in the ocean, a monster is stirring. Mer legend says that only those with dual blood - half Mer, half human - can overcome the Kraken. Sapphy must return to the Deep, with the help of her friend the whale, and face this terrifying creature - and her brother Conor and Mer friend Faro will not let her go alonea?|	2008-05-05	Collins Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780007268290	The Lover	Marguerite Duras		A sensational international bestseller, and winner of Francea??s coveted Prix Goncourt, 'The Lover' is an unforgettable portrayal of the incandescent relationship between two lovers, and of the hate that slowly tears the girla??s family apart. Saigon, 1930s: a poor young French girl meets the elegant son of a wealthy Chinese family. Soon they are lovers, locked into a private world of passion and intensity that defies all the conventions of their society. A sensational international bestseller, 'The Lover' is disturbing, erotic, masterly. Here is an unforgettable portrayal of the incandescent relationship between the lovers, and of the hate that slowly tears the girla??s family apart.	2008-02-04	Harper Perennial		English				ZZZ000000
9780007262809	The Other Boleyn Girl	Philippa Gregory		New Official Film Tie-In Edtion Of This Magnificent Tale Of Rivalry And Jealousy Set In The Volatile Court Of King Henry Viii. The Boleyn Family Is Keen To Rise Through The Ranks Of Society, And What Better Way Than To Place Their Most Beautiful Young Woman At Court? But Mary Becomes The King S Mistress At A Time Of Change. He Needs His Personal Pleasures, But He Also Needs An Heir. The Unthinkable Happens And The Course Of English History Is Irrevocably Altered. For The Women At The Heart Of The Storm, They Have Only One Weapon; And When It S No Longer Enough To Be The Mistress, Mary Must Groom Her Younger Sister In The Ways Of Pleasing The King. Now This Bestselling Novel Is Brought To Life As A Major Film, Starring Scarlett Johansson And Natalie Portman As The Boleyn Sisters And Eric Bana As Henry Viii. The Cast Also Features Kristin Scott Thomas And Mark Rylance. Directed By Highly Acclaimed Justin Chadwick (Bafta And Emmy Nominated For Bleak House ) With Screenplay By Peter Morgan (Oscar Nominated For The Queen ; Bafta Winner For The Last King Of Scotland ).	2008	Harper		English				ZZZ000000
9780007258000	Marley,A Dog Like No Other	John Grogan		The No.1 international best seller specially adapted for children Meet Marley, a yellow furball of a puppy who quickly grows into a large, rowdy Labrador retriever. Marley is always getting into trouble, whether he is stealing underwear, crashing through doors, or drooling on guests, some may say he's the World's Worst Dog! But those who know and love Marley accept him as a dog like no other. His heart is pure and his larger-than-life personality irresistible. He brings joy to his family, the Grogans, and teaches them what really matters in life.	2007-10-01	HarperCollins Children's Books		English				JNF003060
9780007212118	The Mentor	Steve Jackson		London has been bombed for the second time in two years, but this time the enemy is a lot closer to home. MI6 agent Paul Aston is sent to investigate, but nothing could have prepared him for the scenes of horror and devastation. The government blames MI6 for the catastrophe while MI6 blames the government, but the truth behind what the media are calling 18/8 is more chilling than anyone could have imagined. Slowly Aston tears away the layers of corruption, betrayal, and murder to reveal the culprit, someone with a deep seething hatred of MI6 who will stop at nothing until his vengeance is satisfied.	2008-11-01	HarperCollins UK		English				ZZZ000000
9788172237769	More salt than pepper,dropping anchor with Karan Thapar	Karan Thapar		Racy, fun, sharp columns from an award-winning TV journalist TV personality Karan Thapar, known for his relentless grilling of politicians on his current affairs shows, brings a sense of humour and a sharp incisive eye to his newspaper columns. This book is a selection of the best columns written by him over the last eleven years. The columns range from the author's perceptive portraits of politicians and celebrities to his reflections on the state of the media and the peculiarities of the English language. He also turns the gaze on himself sharing with us his eccentricities, his foibles and anecdotes about himself and his family, including his late wife Nisha. There are also pieces here about his Doon and Cambridge days and vignettes from his travels to cities near and far.	2009	HarperCollins Publishers India, a joint venture with The India Today Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780007255108	Momzillas	Jill Kargman		If you thought Wall Street was cut-throat, wait till to you meet the Kelly bag-toting, Chanel-wearing, Bugaboo-pushing mothers of New York's Upper East Side...'AFFLUENZA: malaise of the extremely wealthy; symptoms include panic over which color Bugaboo to buy and night sweats about which $15,000 pre-pre-school to apply to.'Hannah adores her husband Josh, so when he gets offered a fabulous job in Manhattan, she's happy to abandon their cozy West Coast life for the social whirl of the Big Apple. But motherhood in Manhattan is a whole different ball-game - in fact, for the bored and pampered women of New York's wealthiest families, it's practically an Olympic sport. In a world where who you know and how you look is everything, Hannah finds herself adrift in a sea of 'Reximoms (mothers who drop the baby weight in two weeks or less), Nannyjackers (mothers who try to steal other people's nannies) and Momsicles (cold-hearted mothers who never cuddle their kids).Suddenly loving her family isn't enough - Hannah just can't seem to measure up. And with Josh working longer and longer hours, her quest to fit in - whether it's getting her daughter into the city's top nursery or finding the perfect apartment - is increasingly lonely. So when an old flame re-enters her life, who can blame her for wondering what might have been? But as old passions are rekindled, Hannah finds herself increasingly torn between a life of happily married motherhood and the murky moral state in which her wealthy friends seem to live. And when her marriage begins to feel the strain, she will have to learn to fight for what it is she really wants in this brilliantly funny novel about love, motherhood and staying sane...	2007-09-01	Harper Perennial		English				ZZZ000000
9788172238346	Bearings	Karthika Nair		This Debut Collection Heralds The Arrival Of An Exceptionally Talented Poet Whose Work Is Marked By A Rigorous Yet Delightful Experimentation With Forms And Techniques Without Ever Losing Out On The Lyricism That Is The Hallmark Of Great Poetry. In The Words Of The Poet Herself, 'Bearings Began As The Only Tangible Signs Of An Attempt To Stay Connected To A Language That Felt Most Intimately My Own, And Yet Did Not Figure In My Landscape Any More.'	2009-05-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007227259	Book Lover	Jennifer Kaufman&Karen Mack		One woman's passion for books and search for romance lie at the heart of this touching and funny novel about literature and longing in Los Angeles. 'Women do different things when they're depressed. Some smoke, others drink, some call their therapists, some eat...And I do what I have always done - go off on a book bender that can last for days.' Whenever she's in crisis - her marriage ends, her career stalls, her fantasy man shows signs of human frailty - Dora (named after Eudora Welty) escapes into not one, not two, but a carefully selected stack of books, shutting the door on the outside world until she emerges from her book binge strong enough to face her problems. Books have always been her saving grace, sheltering her during a difficult childhood and arming her with lessons and epigrams that are right for nearly every situation. But life is more complicated than a-book-a-day, and people - like her ex-alcoholic mother and judgmental sister - aren't as compliant as beloved characters in a novel... Whether she's being seduced by a quotation-quipping Quixote, or explaining death to a child by reading from 'Charlotte's Web', Dora is Every-reader, and her charming story, shot through with humour and humanity, will delight anyone who's ever sought solace in the pages of a book.	2007-05-01	Harper Perennial		English				ZZZ000000
9780007321728	Your Heart Belongs To Me	Deankoontz		At 34, Ryan Perry Never Expected To Find Himself On A Waiting List For A Heart Transplant, With Time Running Out. So When Miraculously He Receives A New Heart And The Transplant Is A Success, He Thinks His Troubles Are Over. A Year Later, He Has Never Felt So Good. But Then He Starts To Get Mysterious Gifts From An Unknown Person. He Has The Feeling He Is Being Watched. $100,000 Suddenly Vanishes From His Bank Account, Donated To The Cardiology Department Of The Local Hospital. And Then Comes A Terrifying Threat: Everything He Has His Money, His Reputation, His Friends, His Freedom, And His New Heart Will All Be Ripped Away From Him. He Is Promised A Nightmare Death. In Grave Danger, Alone With His Beating Heart And Its Secrets, Can Ryan Unlock The Mystery Of The Enemy Who Threatens His Very Existence? Prepare For The Unexpected In This Compelling And Fast-Paced Thriller From The Master Of Suspense.		HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007291076	The Darkest Evening Of The Year	Dean Koontz		A Fast-Paced And Emotionally Devastating Suspense Novel From The Bestselling Author Of Velocity,The Husband And The Good Guy Amy Redwing Recklessly Risks Everything In Her Chosen Field Of Dog Rescue. When She Confronts A Violent Drunk In Order To Rescue Nickie, A Beautiful Golden Retriever, Amy Has No Misgivings. Dogs Always Do Their Best, And So Will She. Whatever It Takes. Riding Shotgun Nervously Is Her Friend And Lover, Brian, An Architect Who Would Marry Her If Only She Were Not So Committed To These Crazy & Heroics! He Blames Her Work For Her Refusal To Marry Him. But Everything Is Due To Change In The Redwing Household. Someone Is Trying To Destroy Amy. Subtle Intrusions Escalate Into Terrifying Assaults On Everything She Holds Dear. Amy Believes Her Attacker Is Wes Greeley, Just Released After An Eighteen-Month Stretch, Thanks To Amy'S Testimony, For Egregious Animal Cruelty. But If Greeley Is The Culprit, It'S Clear He'S Not Working Alone. At Last Amy Understands Her Need Of Brian, And A Lot More From Her Troubled Past That Has Been Hidden By Her Passion. Unable To Turn To Any Authority, Amy And Brian Are Pressed To The Edge Of A Precipice As Koontz'S Most Emotionally Devastating Thriller Races With Inexorable Speed To A Wrenching Climax. Pick Up A Dean Koontz Thriller And You Can T Put It Down: Try One		HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780006546900	African laughter,four visits to Zimbabwe	Doris Lessing		In the 1980s and early 1990s, Doris Lessing made several visits to her homeland, Zimbabwe, a country from which she had been banned for twenty-five years for her opposition to the government of what was then white Southern Rhodesia. Mingling memory and reportage in vivid detail, Doris Lessing pays passionate and testament to an extraordinary country, its landscape, people and spirit. 'African laughter' is both a shrewd and perceptive portrait of a modern African state emerging from its bloody and colonial history.	1993	Flamingo		English				ZZZ000000
9780006548072	The temptation of Jack Orkney	Doris Lessing		Two marriages, both middle class, liberal and 'rather literary', share a shocking flaw, a 'secret cancer'. A young beautiful woman from a working class family is courted by a very eligible, very upmarket man. An ageing actress falls in love for the first time but can only express her feelings through her stage performances because her happily married lover is sadly unobtainable. A dedicated, lifelong rationalist is tempted, after the death of his father, by the comforts of religious belief.	1994	Flamingo		English				ZZZ000000
9788172237394	rkanalaia me st	Clive Staples Lewis&Pauline Baynes&Vail Mthura		Bree, a talking horse, and Shasta, a young boy, are joined by the four English children and Aslan to help save Narnia from invasion.	2008	Hrparaklinsa Pabliarsa		English				ZZZ000000
9788172237370	Aslan Ka Geet	C.S. Lewis		When Digory and Polly try to return the wicked witch Jadis to her own world, the magic gets mixed up and they all land in Narnia where they witness Aslan blessing the animals with human speech.	2008	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007252930	The Satan Bug	Alistair Maclean		Gripping And Tense Story Of Secret Agents, Even More Secret Government Facilities, And A Deadly Virus, From The Acclaimed Master Of Action And Suspense. Hell Is About To Be Unleashed&Five Strands Of High-Voltage Wire, 200 Yards Of Bare Ground And Double Barbed Wire Fences Patrolled By Armed Guards With Dogs Separated Mordon Research Centre From The Outside World.Yet Behind The Locked Doors Of E Block, A Scientist Lies Dead, And A New Toxin Of Terrifying Power Has Vanished&	2008-04-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007226320	The Guns Of Navarone	Alistair Maclean		The Classic World War Ii Thriller From The Acclaimed Master Of Action And Suspense. Now Reissued In A New Cover Style. Twelve Hundred British Soldiers Isolated On The Small Island Of Kheros Off The Turkish Coast, Waiting To Die. Twelve Hundred Lives In Jeopardy, Lives That Could Be Saved If Only The Guns Could Be Silenced. The Guns Of Navarone, Vigilant, Savage And Catastrophically Accurate. Navarone Itself, Grim Bastion Of Narrow Straits Manned By A Mixed Garrison Of Germans And Italians, An Apparently Impregnable Iron Fortress. To Captain Keith Mallory, Skllled Saboteur, Trained Mountaineer, Fell The Task Of Leading The Small Party Detailed To Scale The Vast, Impossible Precipice Of Navarone And To Blow Up The Guns. The Guns Of Navarone Is The Story Of That Mission, The Tale Of A Calculated Risk Taken In The Time Of War&	2008	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007280896	Air Disasters,Dramatic Black Box Flight Recordings	Malcolm MacPherson		Compelling And Dramatic Insights Into Crucial Moments Inside The Cockpit. Discover The Most Sensational Air Disasters Of Recent Years. Transcripts Of Actual Black Box Recordings Of Conversations Between Captains, Their Crew, And Air Traffic Control On The Ground Reveal The Final Moments During Which Life-And-Death Decisions Were Made. In Some Cases, Disaster Is Averted; In Others, The Results Are Fatal. Every One Of These Real-Life Stories Contains Heroism And Terror, And Shows The Sheer Professionalism Of Those Involved When Under Extreme Pressure. They Enable The Reader To Get Right Inside The Cockpit And Relive What Happened, Minute-By-Minute, Second-By-Second. Includes Air France Flight 4590, The Famous Concorde Disaster In July 2000.	2008-08-04	Collins		English				TEC002000
9780722539811	Rumi,whispers of the beloved : quatrains	Maryam Mafi&Azima Melita Kolin		In this breathtaking new collection of translations, readers are introduced to the quatrains, the shorter poems that encapsulate Rumi's timeless appeal. Beautifully packaged, the book is illustrated with Persian calligraphy.	1999	Thorsons		English				ZZZ000000
9780007227600	The American Summer Collection	Mary Kateandashley&Mary-Kate Olsen&Ashley Olsen		Three great Two of a Kind stories in one! The perfect Mary-Kate and Ashley summer read, featuring Two of a Kind books, 34, 35 and 36.Three great Mary-Kate and Ashley summer stories in one handy volume.Prom PrincessAshley really wants to be the Prom Princess and things are going well - she has the most votes out of anyone! But then the piece of paper that proves it goes mysteriously missing... Mary-Kate and Ashley accuse nasty Dana Woletsky of stealing it, but it turns out they're wrong. There's only one way to make it up to Dana: they have to help her win the competition. It sure won't be easy getting their worst enemy voted Prom Princess!Camp Rock 'n' RollMary-Kate and Ashley are off to a summer camp with a difference. It's called Camp Rock 'n' Roll, and it rocks! Mary-Kate is determined to be the singing star in her group but one of the other girls, Lark, turns out to be the daughter of a famous rock-star, and she's inherited his great voice. Sounds like she'd be way better than Mary-Kate but she's too shy to perform!Meanwhile, Ashley can't even get the other members of her band to agree on a name, never mind anything else. This music holiday camp is turning out to be hard work!Twist and ShoutMary-Kate has been offered the chance of a lifetime: to be in a music video with super-famous rock legend Rodney Buckingham! But she knows that Rod's daughter, Lark, has a much better voice than her, and Lark should be in the video. Mary-Kate decides to back out but every time she tries, the video producers just won't take no for an answer!	2006-06-05	HarperCollins Publishers		English				ZZZ000000
9780007181117	Forget Me Not	Mary-Kate Olsen&Ashley Olsen		Ashley's ex-boyfriend is back and wants to be a big part of her life again. Unsure of what to do Ashley writes to Agony Aunts column, except she doesn't know that it's Mary- Kate giving her advice. Don't miss out on what happens when the girls realize whats actually going on!When Ashley's former boyfriend, Aaron, reappears in her life, Ashley doesn't know what to do. Should she go out with him again or not? And if not, what'sthe best way to tell him without hurting his feelings?Ashley knows where she can turn for help, Girlz Magazine's brand new advice column. What Ashley doesn't know is the advice column is Mary-Kate's secret project!Soon one sister is giving advice to the other, but neither knows it. Will the results spell disaster, true love, or, maybe, just a little bit of both?	2006-07-03	HarperCollins Publishers		English				ZZZ000000
9780007199761	On, Off	Colleen McCullough		The captivating new novel from the international bestselling author of 'The Thorn Birds'. Innocence is no protection... In Holloman, Connecticut, someone is preying on the innocent. At a prestigious research centre fondly known by its staff as the 'Hug', parts of a mutilated body are found. Lieutenant Carmine Delmonico of the Holloman Police learns that a string of horrifying murders - each with the same modus operandi as the one at the Hug - have been commited throughout the state. When another body is found, the medical staff become prime suspects. With the powers that be in turmoil and every member of staff hiding something, Delmonico must delve into the lives of each and every Hug employee. This is the case of his career and he is determined to solve it. But how, when he is hunting a monster who leaves no clues and is always two steps ahead?	2006-10-01	Harper		English				FIC022060
9780007273225	Antony And Cleopatra-Early A	Colleen Mcculough		Passion, Politics, Love And Death Combine In A Novel Of The Legendary Love Triangle Between The Three Leaders Of Rome: Cleopatra, Mark Antony And Octavian, From The Bestselling Author Of 'The Thorn Birds' . Mark Antony, Famous Warrior And Legendary Lover, Expected That He Would Be Julius Caesar'S Successor. But After Caesar'S Murder It Was His 18-Year Old Nephew, Octavian, Who Was Named In The Will. No-One, Least Of All Antony, Expected Him To Last But His Youth And Slight Frame Concealed A Remarkable Determination And A Clear Strategic Sense. Antony Was The Leader Of The Fabulously Rich East. Barely Into His Campaigning, He Met Cleopatra, Pharaoh Of Egypt. Bereft By The Loss Of Julius Caesar, Her Lover, Father Of Her Only Son, She Saw Antony As Another Roman Who Could Support Her And Provide More Heirs. His Fascination For Her, His Sense That She Knew The Way Forward Where He Had Lost His, Led To The Beginning Of Their Passionate, And Very Public Affair. The Two Men, Twin Rulers Of Rome, Might Have Found A W Ay To Live With Each Other But Not With Cleopatra Between Them. This Is A Truly Epic Story Of Power And Scandal, Battle And Passion, Political Spin And Inexorable Fate With A Rich Historical Background And A Remarkable Cast Of Characters, All Brought Brilliantly To Life By Colleen Mccullough. It Is Hard To Leave The World She Has Created.		HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007303502	The Independence Of Miss Mary Bennet	Colleen Mccullough		A Pride And Prejudice Spin-Off From The International Bestselling Author. Readers Of Pride And Prejudice Will Remember That There Were Five Bennet Sisters. Now, Twenty Years On, Jane Has A Happy Marriage And Large Family; Lizzy And Mr Darcy Now Have A Formidable Social Reputation; Lydia Has A Reputation Of Quite Another Kind; Kitty Is Much In Demand In London'S Parlours And Ballrooms; But What Of Mary? Mary Is Quietly Celebrating Her Independence, Having Nursed Her Ailing Mother For Many Years. She Decides To Write A Book To Bring The Plight Of The Poor To Everyone'S Attention. With More Resolve Than Experience, As She Sets Out To Travel Around The Country. Marriage May Be Far From Her Mind, But What If She Were To Meet The One Man Whose Own Fiery Articles Infuriate The Politicians And Industrialists? And If When She Starts To Ask Similar Questions, She Unwittingly Places Herself In Great Danger?		HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780006498322	Star struck	Val McDermid		Manchester PI Kate Brannigan becomes a bodyguard and plays nursemaid to a paranoid soap star.	1999-05-04	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007247578	Shoes, Chocs, Bags and Frocks	Edward Monkton		Sometimes all a woman needs is a great pair of shoes ndash; sometimes chocolate is the swiftest route to happiness. In this beautifully produced collection of drawings specifically for women, Edward Monkton brings together some of his best-known musings in his own quirky and inimitable style. It's the perfect gift for mothers and for women of all ages. Following the phenomenal success of such stylish and original gift books as The Lady and the Chocolate, The Pig of Happiness, The Shoes of Salvation, Love and The Wonderful Man, Edward Monkton now assembles those drawings and thoughts that speak most eloquently to the hearts of women everywhere. Edward Monkton's strangely philosophical take on all aspects of love, life and happiness have made Monkton's drawings stylish collectors' items and a mark of good taste year in, year out. Reflecting on the indulgent pleasures that all women can enjoy, Shoes, Chocs, Bags and Frocks makes a perfect gift book for any special occasion without indulging in those sinful calories or stretching your credit card.	2007-02-05	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007291021	Blood Lines	Grace Monroe		Blood Is Thicker Than Water - And Far More Deadly & A Woman Is Lured To A Remote Spot In The Scottish Highlands And Strangled Almost To The Point Of Death. As She Begs For Mercy, Her Tormentor Begins To Carve Her Face, Before Burying Her Alive. In Edinburgh, Unorthodox Young Lawyer Brodie Mclennan Becomes Tangled Up In The Case. When It Emerges That Brodie Was The Last Person To See The Victim And Crucial Evidence Is Found At Her Flat, She Must Fight To Clear Her Name - And Save Her Own Skin. Meanwhile In An Asylum In Inverness, A Deranged Patient Writes The Name Brodie Over And Over In Her Own Blood& As Another Mutilated Body Is Discovered Bearing The Same Ritualistic Markings, Brodie Is Running Scared From Unknown Forces, Eager To See Blood On Her Hands& Prepared To Be Shocked In This Dark And Gripping Thriller, For Fans Of Ian Rankin And Mo Hayder&		HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007255610	The Lonely Passion of Judith Hearne	Brian Moore		A timeless classic dealing with the complexity and hardships of relationships, addiction and faith. Judith Hearne, a Catholic middle-aged spinster, moves into yet another bed-sit in Belfast. A socially isolated woman of modest means, she teaches piano to a handful of students to pass the day. Her only social activity is tea with the O'Neill family, who secretly dread her weekly visits. Judith soon meets wealthy James Madden and fantasises about marrying this lively, debonair man. But Madden sees her in an entirely different light, as a potential investor in a business proposal. On realising that her feelings are not reciprocated, she turns to an old addiction - alcohol. Having confessed her problems to an indifferent priest, she soon loses her faith and binges further. She wonders what place there is for her in a world that so values family ties and faith, both of which she is without.	2007-07-16	Harper Perennial		English				ZZZ000000
9780007206025	Liberty,The Lives and Times of Six Women in Revolutionary France	Lucy Moore		"At the heart of Paris's intellectual movement, Germaine de Stael was a figure like no other. Passionate, fiercely intelligent and as consumed by love affairs as she was by politics, she helped to write the 1791 Constitution at the salon in which she entertained the great thinkers of the age. At the other end of the social scale, her working-class counterparts patrolled the streets of Paris with pistols in their belts. Theroigne de Mericourt was an unhappy courtesan when she fell in love with revolutionary ideals. Denied a political role because of her sex, she nevertheless campaigned tirelessly until a mob beating left her broken in both mind and body. Later came the glittering merveilleuses, whose glamour, beauty, and propensity for revealing outfits propelled them to the top of post-revolutionary society. Exuberant, decadent Theresia Tallien reportedly helped engineer Robespierre's downfall - in so doing, she and her fellow 'sans-chemises' ushered in a new world that combined sexual license with the amorality of the new Republic." "Lucy Moore reanimates the lives of six women from these three very different segments of French society. Through their lives, loves and failures, the wider history of the Revolution receives a retelling that illuminates not only the brief, hopeful period in which liberty and equality seemed within reach, but also the ways in which they were betrayed."--BOOK JACKET.	2007	Harper Perennial		English				ZZZ000000
9780007248223	Dreamworks Shrek the third	Kathleen Weidner Zoehfeld		Shrek must travel far and wide to find a replacement when he decides to turn down the chance to become a king.	2007-05-18	HarperCollins Children's Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780007248261	I can read - friends and foes	Cathy Hapka&Dreamworks Animation		Shrek the Third Rules Summer 2007! Dreamworks Animation presents the most anticipated comedy of Summer 2007, Shrek the Third! Shrek, Donkey, Princess Fiona and friends guide your child in their first steps to reading. Encourage your child to read with the fun activities and exciting stories proven to help children become more confident readers! Packed with lots of colourful Shrek images to keep the little readers entertained!	2007-05-17	HarperCollins Children's		English				ZZZ000000
9780007264452	Element Encyclopedia of Secret Signs and Symbols,The Ultimate A-z Guide from Alchemy to the Zodiac	Adele Nozedar		Unlock The Lost And Hidden Meanings Of The World'S Ancient And Modern Signs And Symbols With The Latest In The Hugely Popular Series Of 'Element Encyclopedias'. This Is The Biggest A-Z Reference Book On Symbolic Objects You'Ll Ever Find. The Latest In The Popular Series Of 'Element Encyclopedias', This Is The Largest, Most Definitive Guide To The Secret And Ancient Knowledge Of Signs And Symbols, Some Of Which Has Been Lost Over Thousands Of Years." Why Is The Eye Believed To Be A Powerful Symbol Of Protection By Fishermen?" Why Do Masonic Temples Have A Black And White Chequered Floor Covering?" Why Do Hindus Use Coloured Rice Powder To Draw Elaborate Symbols In Front Of Their Homes, Only To Have These Patterns Destroyed Every Day By Footprints?" What Are The Hidden Meanings Behind The Symbols On The American Dollar?" What Is The Most Important Symbol In The World?Divided Into Easy-To-Follow A-Z Themed Sections, The Book Answers All These Questions And More, From Sections On Magic And Mystery, Deities And Rituals, The Animal And Plant Kingdom, Landscape And The Elements, To Food And Sacred Geometry. Find Out About The Secret Demonic Alphabet And Script Of The Magi, The Glastonbury Zodiac, The Masonic Compass, The Eye Of Horus, Native American Hunting Symbols, The Caduceus And The Indian Diwali Ritual. Element Encyclopedia Of Secret Signs And Symbols Is A Fascinating Compendium Of The Hidden Meanings Behind The Most Important Visual Symbols In The World.	2008-05-05	HarperCollins Publishers Limited		English				ZZZ000000
9780007298969	The Element encyclopedia of secret signs and symbols,the ultimate A-Z guide from alchemy to the zodiac	Adele Nozedar		Unlock the lost and hidden meanings of the world's ancient and modern signs and symbols with the latest in the hugely popular series of 'Element Encyclopedias'. This is the biggest A-Z reference book on symbolic objects you'll ever find.	2009-02-13	HarperElement		English				ZZZ000000
9780007207961	Mother, missing	Joyce Carol Oates		From one of America's best loved and most prolific novelists: the story of a woman coming to terms with the violent death of her mother, and uncovering all the hidden secrets stowed away over the years. When her mother uncharacteristically fails to return her phone calls, 31-year old Nikki Eaton calls in to check up on her. She finds the house turned upside-down, and her mother lying dead, murdered, on the garage floor. Single, sexually liberated and economically self-supporting, Nikki has never particularly thought of herself as a daughter. She learns to cope with the unexpected loss of her mother over the course of a tumultuous year of mourning that brings sorrow and even from an unexpected source, a nurturing love. This is a candid, engaging and personal novel about mothers and daughters from one of the greatest American novelists alive today.	2006	Harper Perennial		English				ZZZ000000
9780007232796	Black girl/white girl	Joyce Carol Oates		A Controversial, Painfully Intimate Depiction Of Race In America By The Esteemed Author Of We Were The Mulvaneys , Blonde And The Falls . Fifteen Years After The Mysterious Death Of Minette Swift A 19-Year-Old Black Girl Enrolled As A Scholarship Student In An Exclusive Liberal Arts College Her Former Roommate Genna Begins An Unofficial Enquiry Into The Traumatic Event. In Reconstructing The Girls' Tumultuous Freshman Year At The College, Genna Is Led Also To Reconstruct Her Life As The Daughter Of A Famous Radical-Hippie-Lawyer Of The 1960S Among Whose Clients Were Anti-Vietnam War Protesters Wanted By The Fbi. What Follows Is A Gripping And Personal Portrayal Of 'Black' And 'White' In America In The Years Of Crisis Following The End Of The Vietnam War, And The Ignominious Exposure And Fall Of President Richard Nixon.	2007	Harper Perennial		English				ZZZ000000
9780007268399	We Were the Mulvaneys	Joyce Carol Oates		The unforgettable story of the rise, fall and ultimate redemption of an American family. The Mulvaneys are seemingly blessed by everything that makes life sweet. They live together in the picture-perfect High Point Farm, just outside the community of Mt Ephraim, New York, where they are respected and liked by everybody. Yet something happens on Valentine's Day 1976. An incident involving Marianne Mulvaney, the pretty sixteen-year-old daughter, is hushed up in the town and never discussed within the family. The impact of this event reverberates throughout the lives of the characters. As told by Judd, years later, in an attempt to make sense of his own past reveals the unspoken truths of that night that rends the fabric of the family life with tragic consequences. In a??We Were the Mulvaneysa??, Joyce Carol Oates, the highly acclaimed author of a??Blondea??, masterfully weaves an unforgettable story of the rise, fall and ultimate redemption of an American family.	2008-02-04	Harper Perennial		English				FIC045000
9780007202775	The portrait	Iain Pears		A dark and disturbing novel of suspense, set at the turn of the 20th century, by the bestselling author of An Instance of the Fingerpost	2005	Harper Perennial		English				ZZZ000000
9781933354583	D.C. Noir 2,The Classics	George P. Pelecanos		Fiction. Short Stories. Classic reprints from: Edward P. Jones, George Pelecanos, Paul Laurence Dunbar, Richard Wright, Langston Hughes, James Grady, Julian Mayfield, Marita Golden, Elizabeth Hand, Julian Mazor, Ward Just, Jean Toomer, Roach Brown, Larry Neal, and others. Editor George Pelecanos is an independent film producer, the recipient of numerous international writing awards, a producer and an Emmy-nominated writer of the HBO series The Wire, and the author of fifteen novels set in and around Washington, DC. He is the editor of the best-selling first volume of D.C. NOIR.	2008-09-01	Akashic Books		English				ZZZ000000
9781888451900	D.C. noir	George P. Pelecanos		Brand new stories by: George Pelecanos, James Grady, Kenji Jasper, Jim Beane, Jabari Asim, Ruben Castaneda, James Patton, Norman Kelley, Jennifer Howard, Richard Currey, Lester Irby, and others. Mystery sensation Pelecanos pens the lead story and edits this groundbreaking collection of stories detailing the seedy underside of the nation's capital. This is not an anthology of ill-conceived and inauthentic political thrillers. Instead, in "D.C. Noir, " pimps, whores, gangsters, and con-men run rampant in zones of this city that most never hear about.	2006-02-01	Akashic Books		English				ZZZ000000
9780007244041	Let the snog fest begin!: Georgia Nicolson's guide to life and luuurve	Louise Rennison		A hilarious new guide from bestselling author Louise Rennison, especially for World Book Day. Georgia gives her top tips on how to look cool and how NOT to behave if you want to hang on to your Sex God. Because I am such a generous, caring person, and because I love you all so much, I decided to write this little book offering you my wisdomosity vis a vis how to hang on to your one and only Sex God - or your many, if you suffer from red-bottomosity. As you know, I have spent a lot of time on the rack or love, so I haven't quite worked out how to remain the girlfriend of a Sex God, as such. But I've certainly learned from experience what NOT to do. You need to keep your cool at all times, avoid looking like a prat whenever possible, and not spend your life in foolsville. Here are a few of my handy hints of situations to avoid at all costs. Then you'll be free to let the snog fest begin!	2007-02-19	HarperCollins Children's		English				ZZZ000000
9788172236823	Relationship (Pb)	Nayantara Sehgal&E.N. Mangat Rai		Collection of letters of the Nayantara Sahgal, 1927, is an Indian writer in English and E.N. Mangat Rai, 1915-2003, was an Indian Civil service employee.	2008	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9788172236892	Prison And Chocolate Cake	Nayantara Sahgal		Seldom Does One Get A Chance To Become Acquainted With India'S Great Leaders Through A Young Woman So Intimately Associated With Them.' -New York Times Book ReviewA Dramatic Portrait Of The Spirit Of Sacrifice That Carried India Through The Years Of The Struggle For Independence, This Evocative Memoir Of An Unusual Childhood Ends With The Assassination Of Mahatma Gandhi In 1948. Nayantara Sahgal Describes What It Was Like Growing Up In Anand Bhavan, Allahabad, The Home Of Her Parents Shared With Her Maternal Uncle, Jawarlal Nehru, During The Years When Gandhi Was Leading The Movement For Independence. It Describes In Loving Detail The Lives Of A Family For Whom The Country'S Fight For Freedom Was More Important Than Anything Else, Certainly Coming Before Comfort And Riches.The Book Is Particularly Delightful For Its Picture Of Nehru Who Springs From These Pages As A Man Of Friendly Humanity And A Joy In Life That Made Him A Beloved Uncle, Yet With An Inborn Greatness That Inspired Awe And Admiration In The Little Girl Who Played With Him.'She Is Brilliant&Complex And Questioning.' Pearl S. Buck	2007-11-30	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007172122	Redemption Song,The Definitive Biography of Joe Strummer	Chris Salewicz		Chris Salewicz was a close friend of Strummer from 1977 until Joe's death in Christmas 2002 shook the world. With full approval and cooperation of relatives, companions and fellow musicians, he writes the definitive account of British rock 'n' roll_s most fascinating of idols. An honest tribute to Joe's life, work and huge worldwide impact.The Clash was the most influential band of its generation, producing intelligent punk anthems such as _London Calling_, _White Riot_ and _Tommy Gun_. Rolling Stone voted _London Calling_ the best album of the 1980s and for many they remain iconic mainstays of their generation.With his talent, good looks and laid-back attitude Joe Strummer was the driving force behind the band and the archetypal front-man of a punk band. Apart from his own band, The Mescaleros, Strummer played with The Pogues and featured in several films, including Alex Cox's _Walker_ and _Straight To Hell_, and Jim Jarmusch's _Mystery Train_.Strummer_s untimely death in December 2002 shook the world and cemented his iconic status. He received extraordinary tributes from musicians around the world. Billy Bragg said: _The Clash was the greatest rebel rock band of all time. Their commitment to making political pop culture was the defining mark of the British punk movement_. Bono is quoted as saying: _The Clash was the greatest rock band _ they wrote the rule book for U2_.This book is an emotional and compelling account of Strummer_s life, and a comprehensive insight into the man behind The Clash. Chris Salewicz is better placed than anyone to write about Strummer_s life, his work and his huge worldwide impact. Both Strummer and The Clash transcended music stardom to become heroes to their fans and peers _ this is an honest tribute to them, and the best and last word on the subject.	2007-10-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007198023	I am not going to write any words today!	Dr. Seuss		The crazy Cat in the Hat introduces this colourful word based activity book, featuring a range of reading and writing activities. Making the most of Dr. Seuss' wonderful rhythmic style, this great book makes learning fun! Fun stickers are also included to reward progress.	2005-07-04	Harper Collins Childrens		English				ZZZ000000
9780007205028	Saturday night and Sunday morning	Alan Sillitoe		"Working all week at the lathe leaves Arthur Seaton with energy to spare at the weekends. A hard-drinking, hard-working rebel, he knows exactly what he wants, and how to get it. Before long his dalliances with a couple of married women make him the centre of local gossip. But then one evening he meets a young girl in a pub, and life begins to look a little less simple." "Alan Sillitoe's classic novel achieved instant critical acclaim, and now, fifty years after its first publication, it stands as one of the great works of twentieth-century British writing."--BOOK JACKET.	2006-07-06	Harper Perennial		English				ZZZ000000
9780007162499	The Summer Garden	Paullina Simons		This is a novel of the enduring power of love and commitment - against the forces of war and the equally dangerous forces of keeping the peace. From the bestselling author of "The Girl in Times Square", comes the magnificent conclusion to the saga that was set in motion when Tatiana fell in love with her Red Army officer, Alexander Belov, in wartime Leningrad in 1941. Tatiana and Alexander have since suffered the worst the twentieth century had to offer. After years of separation, they are miraculously reunited in America, the land of their dreams. They have a beautiful son, Anthony. They have proved to each other that their love is greater than the vast evil of the world. But though they are only in their twenties, in their hearts they are old, and they are strangers. In the climate of fear and mistrust of the Cold War, dark forces are at work in the US that threaten their life and their family. Can they be happy? Or will the ghosts of yesterday reach out to blight even the destiny of their firstborn son? Epic in scope, masterfully told, "The Summer Garden" is a novel of unique and devastating emotional power that spans two thirds of the twentieth century, and three continents.	2007-01-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9788172239121	Remaking Higher Education: Essays In Dissent	Amrik Singh		Part memoir, part analysis, this is a polemical study of the state of higher education in India. Drawing on his extensive experience as educator and academic in India and abroad, Amrik Singh provides the reader with a much-needed critique of policymaking in the area of higher education its shortcomings, the reasons for these flaws, as well as measures for improvement. He focuses on the procedural and financial changes that are essential for improving standards so India can be at par with the more progressive nations of the world, and also the absolute necessity for teachers more than administrators to take a hand in the framing of policies. In this erudite volume, Amrik Singh sounds a clarion call for transparency in policymaking and freedom from corruption for there is no doubt that higher education is the cornerstone of all future development.	2009-01-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9788172237349	India chalo	Brij Raj Singh		On socio-economic conditions and investment opportunities in India.	2008-03-01	Harper Collins Publishers India, a joint venture with India Today Group		English				ZZZ000000
9788172236946	Nine By Nine	Daman Singh		In a world in which you only have a space of nine by nine to call your own, where you share inedible meals and improbable dreams, and think you know each other inside out, how do you draw the line between private and public, discretion and transgression? For Anjali, suffocated by her mother's unspoken demands, Tara- brilliant and eccentric free spirit -becomes both shield and shoulder, while tranquil Paro, with her unapologetic ambition to get married, represents a complete contrast to their restlessness. So, as Anjali furtively applies to universities abroad and Tara struggles with her doctoral thesis, Paro gets engaged to a suitable boy. Except, the engagement doesn't last long. Paro's return to the hostel signals a sudden disruption as relationships crumble and a sequence of disturbing events ransforms their lives. For ever. A beautifully nuanced story of friendship and loss, Nine By Nine walks the tightrope of emotion with skilful restraint.	2008	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9788172236229	Road to Raisinia	K. P. Singh		Set In The Heart Of Lutyens Delhi, Where Power-Crazed Politicians, Media Personalities, Businessmen And Bureaucrats Connive And Conspire Occasionally Getting Ensnared In Their Own Webs Of Scandal And Sleaze The Road To Raisina Is A An Astute And Taut Political Novel, In Which The Fast-Paced Action Is Never Out Of The Realm Of Possibility& Best Friends Azim Khan And Karan Nehru Never Considered Politics A Career Choice, But Then Fate Decreed Otherwise&. Forced By Circumstances To Rethink Their Professions, The Two Friends Find Themselves Willy-Nilly Contesting The Elections. Slowly But Surely, Azim Makes Western Uttar Pradesh His Electoral Fiefdom And Begins His Journey To Becoming The Leader Of Muslim India; Karan Establishes Himself As The Overlord Of Eastern Uttar Pradesh And The Adjoining States. Together They Make Their Way To The Top, Never Compromising Their Friendship, Until, Finally, As Cabinet Ministers In A Shaky Coalition Government Under The Prime Minister Ship Of The Wily Former Congressman Y.K.Naidu, Their Widely Differing Ideologies And Temperaments, Abetted By The Malevolence Of Their Colleagues, And The Sheer Scale Of Unfolding Events, All Combine To Uphold The Conventional Wisdom That There Are No Friends In Politics&	2005-02-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9788172234683	Raja Is Dead	Shivani Singh		The Raja Of Sirikot Has Sired A Slew Of Bastards, Who Slink Through The Corridors Of The Palace, As The Servants And Attendants Of The First Family& Imperiously Dismissive Of The Whispers Of A New Democratic India, The Royal Family Of Sirikot Continues Its Centuries-Old Exploitation Of Its People With The Casual Cruelty And Extravagance That, Blue Blood Decrees, Is Their Birthright. But The High-Handed Arrogance Of The Rulers Of Sirikot Is Curiously At Odds With Its Own Tenuous Hold On A Monarchy Threatened By The Coming Of Independence And India S Emergence As A Democracy. A Hold That Is Weakened Further When, In Another Fine Tradition Of Royal Families, The King Is Murdered& The Sirikot Diaries Splendidly Re-Creates The Sheer Extravagance And Opulence Of A Rajput Court And Is Resplendent With The Kind Of Exquisite Detail About Indian Royal Life That Only An Insider Is Privy To. Narrated In The Part Imperious, Part Vulnerable Voice Of A Thirteen-Year-Old Princess, Daughter Of The First Daughter Of The King, Who Takes It Upon Herself To Solve The Murder Of Her Grandfather, It Brilliantly Describes Both The Whimsical Ways Of Its Emasculated Elite And The Suppressed Hatred Of Those Condemned By Birth And Caste To Serve It&	2006-02-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9781857028898	The code book,the secret history of codes and code-breaking cryptography	Simon Singh		Since humans began writing, they have also been communicating in code. Simon Singh reveals, through stories of espionage, intrigue, intellectual brilliance and military cunning, the gripping history of cryptography.	2000-06-08	Fourth Estate		English				ZZZ000000
9780007152520	Big bang,the most important scientific discovery of all time and why you need to know about it	Simon Singh		The bestselling author of Fermat's Last Theorem and The Code Book tells the story of the brilliant minds that deciphered the mysteries of the Big Bang. A fascinating exploration of the ultimate question: how was our universe created?	2005-07-04	Harper Perennial		English				ZZZ000000
9788172237127	Political and incorrect,the real India warts, and all	Tavleen Singh		Collection of author's political columns on India published earlier in the Indian Express from 1987 to 2007.	2008	HarperCollins Publishers India, a joint venture with the India Today Group		English				ZZZ000000
9780007802845	A Very Proper Fox	Jan Fearnley		A Warm And Humorous Story About Being True To Yourself, From The Highly-Regarded Author-Illustrator Of Billy Tibbles Moves Out! Frankie The Fox Loves Baked Beans And Dancing, But Naughty Rabbit Says That Proper Foxes Don'T Jig About& Proper Foxes Catch Chickens. So Frankie Steals Down The Lane To The Chicken'S House. He Licks His Lips, He Flexes His Claws, He Growls Like A Proper Fox, Low And Mean. 'I'M Coming To Get You&' But Instead Of A Big, Fat Chicken, Frankie Finds A Big Fat Mess That He Can T Help Tidying. Will Frankie Ever Be A Proper Fox?	2007-12-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007802883	How Do Dinosaurs Say Good Night?	Jane Yolen&Sebastian Braun		A Playful Peek Into The Homes Of Dinosaur Babies And Their Parents At Bedtime.'How Does A Dinosaur Say Good NightWhen Papa Comes In To Turn Off The Light?Does A Dinosaur Slam His Tail And Pout?Does He Throw His Teddy Bear All About?'Most Certainly Not! Dinosaurs Give Their Mums And Dads Big Hugs And Kisses, Tuck Their Tails In And Whisper, 'Good Night!'Brimming With Humour And Familiar Good-Night Antics, Here Is A Playful Peek Into The Homes Of Dinosaur Children And Their Parents At Bedtime. Mark Teague Uses A Variety Of Perspectives In His Dramatic, Full-Page Pictures Of A Tyrannosaurus Rex, A Triceratops And Many More Dinosaur Favourites.	2007-12	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007802821	Tell Me A Story Before I Go To Bed	Sam Mcbratney		A Reassuring Bedtime Story From The Author Of The Phenomenally Bestselling Picture Book, Guess How Much I Love You . Anna-Sophia'S Dad Says He Will Tell Her A Story When They Go Up The Wooden Hill. But Anna-Sophia Isn T Sure Where To Find The Wooden Hill, So Dad Gives Her Some Clues& It Isn T Far Away, It Has Lots Of Creaky Steps, And He Carries Her Up It Every Night. Can Anna-Sophia Solve The Riddle Before It S Time For Bed?	2007-12-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007802784	The Birthday Party	Mandy Stanley		Lettice The Little Rabbit With Big Dreams! Lettice Rabbit Is Having A Lovely Time At A Birthday Picnic. But Then It Starts To Rain. The Party Is Going To Be Ruined& Unless Lettice Knows A Truly Magical Place, Where Birthday Wishes Can Come True?	2007-12-01	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007802876	How Do Dinosaurs Eat Their Food?	Jane Yolen&Sebastian Braun		The Popular How Do Dinosaurs& Series Continues With A Hilarious Look At Dinosaurs At Dinner Time! When Dinosaurs Eat Their Food, What Do They Do? This Book Runs Through The Gamut Of Mealtime Bad Behaviour, Satisfyingly Concluding With Impeccably Behaved Dinosaur Dinner Guests: 'Eat Up. Eat Up, Little Dinosaur.' A Sure-Fire Winner With Parents Of Young Children It Will Be An Invaluable Help With Meal Time Manners.	2007	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007255634	Insults	Lisa Swerling&Ralph Lazar		Insults. Wea??ve all received them and sometimes youa??ve just got to make one. That irritating guy stood too close to you on the train. The rude checkout kid in your local supermarket. There are times when you need a clever, pithy insult. Vimrod are here to helpa?| Insults is the latest book from the the card-world's fastest growing phenomenon. Simple but bold illustrations, bright cheery colours and original, quirky comments have made the Vimrod series of books instant hits. Following classic titles in the series such as Farting and Drinking, Insults is a brilliantly funny must-have book that is sure to come in handy for those awkward tight spots. Stuck for something witty to say to get up the nose of that traffic warden? Dona??t worry, Insults has the answer! a?? The way you breathe really irritates me a?? You are so weird, mind if I take a photo of you? a?? Most potatoes would find you boring	2008	HarperCollins Publishers Limited		English				HUM000000
9780007234141	Xmas	Lisa Swerling&Ralph Lazar		Quirky and hilarious and guaranteed to make anyone smile... We give illustrated books to those we love to show how classy and intelligent we are, and so we can avoid spending our hard-earned cash on expensive presents that will be as appreciated as an unwashed sock. Christmas presents, like Christmas cards, are always a let down. Well not any more! Here to solve all your Christmas worries, 'Xmas' is one of the first in an exciting new collection of books inspired by the card-world's fastest growing phenomenon. Simple but bold illustrations with bright and cheery colours make these books instant visual candy-cane. They're filled with seasonal good cheer and the strangest philosophies that you're ever likely to find at the bottom of your stocking. As well as enriching your life with its own unique outlook on all things Christmas, this book also sheds light on some of the more erroneous seasonal myths. For example, did you know that there was actually a fourth wise king, but he got kicked out of the stable when it was revealed that his gift for the newborn was a pair of socks and a tie? An important lesson to us all. There are even a few inspirational messages from the man himself: Santa apologises. he's been very busy and so ordered your present online but the blooming site crashed and the helpdesk was busy and then the credit card payment thingy went all funny... anyway, your present will come at some point. .	2006-10-02	HarperCollins Entertainment		English				HUM001000
9780007234158	Shopping,it's the little voices that tell me to go shopping	Lisa Swerling&Ralph Lazar		Ever get the feeling that your credit card is laughing at you? Time to have a giggle at someone else's expense with this cheeky little number from Vimrod. The answer to the big question is Love. The answer to all the little questions is to spend money. Shopping is more than just buying clothes, it's a way of life. It's your best friend and your worst enemy, a way of making you happy and a means by which to drain you of all intelligence and reasoning. 'Shopping' is one of the first in an exciting new collection of books inspired by the card-world's fastest growing phenomenon. As cutting edge as Giles Deacon, as timeless as a pair of Jimmy Choos, Vimrod looks at the world in the same unique way that you do. Deep, deep inside the brain of every woman is a small bungalow in which lives a little lady who is totally obsessed with shoes. These tiny little packages of fun are brimming with jokes, fables and philosophy, and are the perfect gift for anyone for whom the words 'store card' give a slight tingly sensation. Simple but bold illustrations with bright and cheery colours makes this book instant eye candy. And most importantly, they go with absolutely everything! .	2006-10-02	HarperCollins Entertainment		English				HUM001000
9780007234165	Farts	Lisa Swerling&Ralph Lazar		A joyful celebration of one of mankind's most enduring pastimes and nature's funniest joke. 'Farts' is one of the first in an exciting new collection of books inspired by the card-world's fastest growing phenomenon. Filled with priceless jokes, fables and philosophy, these drawings are as funny as 'pull my finger' and as innovative as a DIY Jacuzzi. He who laughs last laughs longest. But he who farts last gets blamed even though others may have made worse farts before him. Simple but bold illustrations with bright and cheery colours make this book the perfect gift for anyone who has 'enriched' your life with their unique emissions. .	2006-10-02	HarperCollins Publishers Limited		English				HUM001000
9780007234172	Drink!,wine is made to be drunk, I am drunk, therefore am I wine?	Lisa Swerling&Ralph Lazar		An exciting new collection of cartoons that celebrate the beauty of booze, proving that in life, as in all things, all you need is love, gin and tonic. There's nothing like a cold beer on a hot day. Or on a warm day. Or a cool day. Or even a cold day. In fact, few things are as adaptable as alcohol. It makes the bad times good and the good times better. It comes in a variety of flavours, colours, strengths, shapes and sizes (ok, it's the glasses that are the different shapes and sizes, but you get the idea). Vimrod is here to celebrate the world's favourite pastime with a series of illustrations that look at the world through the bottom of a bottle with the humour and clarity that only a stiff drink can provide: An empty glass means a full life. Wine is made to be drunk. I am drunk. Therefore, am I wine? 'Drink' is one of the first in an exciting new collection of books inspired by the card-world's fastest growing phenomenon. Filled with priceless jokes, fables and philosophy, these drawings are as bold as a Cabernet Sauvignon and as fruity as Bordeaux. Simple but bold illustrations with bright and cheery colours make this book the perfect gift, whatever your tipple of choice. .	2006-10-02	HarperCollins Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9780007269716	The two towers	J.R.R. Tolkien&Alan Lee		The first ever illustrated paperback of part two of Tolkiena??s epic masterpiece, The Lord of the Rings, featuring 16 colour paintings by Alan Lee. Frodo and the Companions of the Ring have been beset by danger during their quest to prevent the Ruling Ring from falling into the hands of the Dark Lord by destroying it in the Cracks of Doom. They have lost the wizard, Gandalf, in the battle with an evil spirit in the Mines of Moria; and at the Falls of Rauros, Boromir, seduced by the power of the Ring, tried to seize it by force. While Frodo and Sam made their escape the rest of the company were attacked by Orcs. Now they continue their journey alone down the great River Anduin a?? alone, that is, save for the mysterious creeping figure that follows wherever they go. JRR Tolkiena??s great work of imaginative fiction has been labelled both a heroic romance and a classic fantasy fiction. By turns comic and homely, epic and diabolic, the narrative moves through countless changes of scene and character in an imaginary world which is totally convincing in its detail. Part of a set of three paperbacks, this classic edition is available in a smart new livery, and is illustrated by Alan Lee throughout to complement the new paperback of The Children of H??rin.	2008-05-12	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007149117	Roverandom	John Ronald Reuel Tolkien&Christina Scull&Wayne G. Hammond		Inspired by the loss of his own child's favourite toy, this charming tale was written by J.R.R. Tolkien long before 'The Hobbit', yet remained unpublished for more than 70 years. This new paperback edition includes a full introduction and detailed notes about the story.	2002	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007208050	Kiss Me Like a Stranger,My Search for Love and Art	Gene Wilder		Gene Wilder defined film comedy in the 1970s and '80s. But this is no traditional autobiography, rather it's an intelligent, quirky, humorous account of key events that have affected him in search for love and art.In this very personal, fascinating book, Wilder gives a great insight into the creative process on stage and screen. He discusses his experiences of working with the very best of movie talent, including Mel Brooks, Woody Allen, Sidney Poitier and Richard Pryor, and tells how he developed his own unique style from his early days at The Actors' Studio with Lee Strasberg.Amongst other incidents, he describes his time in the UK, which he has great fondness for, studying at the Old Vic Theatre School in Bristol. During this period he came top of his class at fencing and doorstepped Sir John Geilgud to ask him to explain the use of iambic pentametre.Wilder also talks amusingly about his failed love life off-screen (including 4 marriages) and is candid about much darker times such as the death of his third wife, comedienne Gilda Radner, from cancer. He also reveals his own recent battle with the disease, which he's now come through, and which changed his perspective on life.This isn't a traditional celebrity 'tell all' but an insight into the life and mind of a great comic actor who has a rare ability to write as well as he performs.	2006-06-05	HarperCollins Entertainment		English				ZZZ000000
9780007313907	Fifty Things You Need to Know About British History	Hugh Williams		If you could choose the 50 things that define British history, events of significance not only in themselves, but in their importance to wider themes running through the country's past, what would they be? Author Hugh Williams has made the selection, and the result is a fascinating overview of Britain's past. With great clarity, simplicity, and a zest for the marvelous stories that underpin many of these events, he explains the linkage between each one and its importance in the progress of British history as a whole. From the Roman invasion to the Falklands War to the founding of the NHS, this history is anbsp;highly enjoyable read as well as a perceptive insight into a nation's past.	2009-06-25	HarperCollins UK		English				ZZZ000000
9780007213467	Boy in the World	Niall Williams		A beautiful and moving novel about a young boya??s journey from childhood to adulthood from the bestselling author of Four Letters of Love Niall Williams draws us into life in a small village in Ireland where a boy is growing up and making his first tentative steps to becoming a man. Questioning everything in an attempt to make sense of the world he is discovering through books, he is on the cusp of an understanding of what it is to be a man. But, when the Master, his caring old guardian, gives him a letter from his long-dead mother, his world comes crashing down. Learning for the first time that his father is not dead, as he had been led to believe, the boy must relearn everything he thought he knew. He sets out to find his father, piecing together the information he can glean from his mother's letter: he is a journalist for the BBC, he has lived in London, and he is a Muslim. The boy sets out to find his father. Arriving in London, disorientated and alone, he finds himself at the centre of a terrorist attack as the BBC is bombed and hundreds are killed and injured. Taken under the caring wing of Sister Bridget, a nun also caught up in the chaos, he refuses to allow this catastrophe to move him from his goal; he must find his father. This is the heart-warming tale of a young boy trying to find his way in a changing world, a world where no-one is safe and where terrorists seek to destroy all that civilisation holds dear.	2008-02-14	Harper		English				ZZZ000000
9780006512028	A small death in Lisbon	Robert Wilson		This stunning, atmospheric thriller set in war-torn Europe won the CWA Gold Dagger and has now been reissued with the Javier Falcon series. A Portuguese bank is founded on the back of Nazi wartime deals. Over half a century later a young girl is murdered in Lisbon. 1941. Klaus Felsen, SS, arrives in Lisbon and the strangest party in history where Nazis and Allies, refugees and entrepreneurs dance to the strains of opportunism and despair. Felsen's war takes him to the bleak mountains of the north where a brutal battle is being fought for an element vital to Hitler's blitzkrieg. Late 1990s, Lisbon. Inspector Ze Coelho is investigating the murder of a young girl with a disturbing sexual past. As Ze digs deeper he overturns the dark soil of history and unearths old bones. The 1974 revolution has left injustices of the old fascist regime unresolved. But there's an older, greater injustice for which this small death in Lisbon is horrific compensation, and in his final push for the truth, Ze must face the most chilling opposition.	2000	HarperCollins		English				ZZZ000000
9780007202928	The Hidden Assassins	Robert Wilson		As Inspector Jefe Javier Falc-n investigates the case of a faceless, mutilated corpse, the beautiful city of Seville is rocked by a massive explosion. The discovery of a mosque in the basement of a devastated apartment building confirms everybody's fears of terrorism. Panic sweeps the city and the region goes on red alert. As more bodies are dragged from the rubble, the media interest and political pressure intensify and Falc-n suspects that all is not what it appears to be. Just as he comes close to cracking the conspiracy, he makes the most terrifying discovery of all and the race is on to prevent a catastrophe far beyond Spain's borders. A masterful thriller, The Hidden Assassins is fiction of the highest order.	2007-04-04	Harper Collins Publ. UK		English				ZZZ000000
9788172239251	Keeping the Faith-Memoirs of a Parliamentarian	Somnath Chatterjee	Hardback	Somnath Chatterjee has had one of the longest innings of any MP in the Lok Sabha, being elected to it for the first time in 1971. Since then, he has been a Member of Parliament in all successive Lok Sabhas, getting elected for the tenth time in 2004 to the fourteenth Lok Sabha. From 1989 till 2004, he was the leader of the CPI(M) in the Lok Sabha, and was its Speaker from 2004 to 2009.  In this candid, heartfelt memoir, Chatterjee looks back on his eventful three-and-ahalf decades in the Indian Parliament, capturing all the highs and lows as a nations history was shaped, and revealing many behind- the-scenes stories for the first time. Among other things, Chatterjee discusses why he chose not to resign as Speaker of the Lok Sabha when his party, the CPI(M), withdrew support from the Manmohan Singh-led UPA government in 2008 over the Indo-US nuclear deal. He also discusses the subsequent confidence vote that he presided over and how he was treated by the party for which he had worked all his life.  A must-read for anyone interested in current affairs and politics.	2010-07-01	Harper Collins India Titles	408	English				ZZZ000000
9788172235284	India Travel Guides,Uttaranchal, Kumaon and Garhwal	No Author		Flanked By The Magnificent Himalayas, Traversed By Swift Rivers, Crowded With Temple Towns, Uttaranchal Is One Of The Most Popular Destinations In India. Its People Are Warm And Welcoming, Its Culture Rich And Interesting, Its Landscape Exhilarating And Invigorating. In The Chronicles Of Travel, Garhwal & Kumaon Qualify As A Region Visited From Time Immemorial. Its Earliest Visitors Were Sages And Seers Looking For Answers To Cosmic Conundrums. Today S Traveler Comes Here Looking For A Different Kind Of Nirvana Adventure Sports, Family Holidays, Honeymoons And Weekend Getaways. The Harpercollin S Travel Guide S Aim To Present Garhwal & Kumaon, The Two Regions Of Uttaranchal, To Visitors With Up-To-Date Information On Destinations, Hotels, Transportation And Activities. Offering An Insider S Perspective On Garhwal & Kumaon, We Take You Off The Beaten Track To Obscure Little Places That Delight The Seasoned Traveler Looking For A Holiday With A Difference. The Guide Also Takes Into Account The First-Time Traveler Offering Him Or Her A Choice Of Trails To The Most Popular Destinations In The State, Supplementing Essential Travel Information With Inputs On Culture, Crafts, Sightseeing And Shopping.	2004-06-15	HarperCollins Publishers India						ZZZ000000
9788172236694	Portraits of the space we occupy,new and selected poems	C. P. Surendran		Searing Images Of A City Whose Shutter Speeds Are So Furiously Fast That Its People Often Miss The Picture, A Hyper-Real Presentation Of The Psychosis Of Power, Fraught Recollections Of Life In The Shadow Of Death-- This Collection Of New And Selected Poems By One Of India'S Best Known Poets Reveals, In Glittering Glimpses, A Burnished And Varied Landscape. The Words In These Verses Are Contained, But Barely. And It Is This Unrelenting Tension Between The Words And The Worlds They Seek To Shape That Lends The Poems A Rare Tensile Quality. The New Poems Here Principally Fall Into Three Cycles: Bombay, Ruhnama And Catafalque. The Bombay Poems Set Their Sights On The Metaphors At Work In The City'S Low Life, With An Eye To The Cruel Pathos Rather Than The Polemics Of Whole, Dire Worlds That We Tend To Speed Past At Traffic Lights. Ruhnama, Which Means Book Of The Spirit In Persian, Veers Away From The External World Of Grime And Hard-Won Battles Of Survival To Explore The Ways In Which The Exercise Of Power Can Become An End In Itself. This Verbally Tangential Series Then Gives Way To An Autumnal Sequence Of Thirty Poems, Which Are The More Effective For Being Autobiographical: Surendran'S Father, Pavanan, A Writer In Malayalam, Was Laid Low In The Last Years Of His Life By Alzheimer'S. The Son Spent Days And Nights At His Father'S Bedside Watching As First Memories, Then Life Itself Surrendered To The Inevitable. Also Included In This Collection Are Surendran'S Celebrated Short Verses From Posthumous Poems Which Describe The Story Of A Broken Relationship In A Brilliant Synthesis Of Sadness And Humour.	2007	Harper Collins Publishers, a joint venture with the India Today Group						ZZZ000000
9788172235888	Kerala	Motilal (UK) Books of India&No Author		Redolent With The Fragrance Of Spices, Imbued With Myriad Tints Of Green, Kerala Beckons Travelers Of All Varieties. This Is The Land That Once Attracted Merchants And Mariners From Across The Seven Seas, Eager For A Share In The Wealth Of The Land. Modern-Day Kerala Has Changed Little. This Divine Land, With Its Vast Plantations Of Cardamom And Pepper, Cinnamon And Nutmeg, Is As Perfumed As Ever; The Gorgeously Painted Kathakali And The Exquisitely Attired Mohiniattam Dancers Are As Graceful As They Were Several Hundred Years Ago, And Today Attract As Many If Not More Visitors As They Did In The Medieval Days. Come To Kerala And Discover A Piece Of Heaven On Earth! The Harpercollin S Travel Guide S Aim Is To Showcase Kerala To Visitors With Up-To-Date Information On Destinations, Hotels, Transportation And Activities. Offering An Insider S Perspective On Kerala, We Take You Off The Beaten Track To Obscure Little Places That Delight The Seasoned Traveler Looking For A Holiday With A Difference. The Guide Also Takes Into Account The First-Time Traveler Offering Him Or Her A Choice Of Trails To The Most Popular Destinations In The State, Supplementing Essential Travel Information With Inputs On Culture, Crafts, Shopping And Sightseeing.	2004-06-15	HarperCollins Publishers, a joint venture with The India Today Group						ZZZ000000
9788172236403	Scarless Face & Other Stories	Griffin Ondaatje		Colourful, Funny And Intriguingly Subtle In Their Moral And Spiritual Instruction, These Tales Are Just As Entertaining And Relevant As They Were In Their Ancient Form Through Buddhist, Hindu And Muslim Tales, This Collection Celebrates The Centuries-Old Tradition Of Storytelling. Readers Of All Ages Will Enjoy These Richly Imaginative And Inspiring Stories That Speak Of Animal Kings And Flying Elephants, Monks, Thieves And Gods.	2005-12-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007277827	Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull - Movie	HarperCollins Publishers Limited&Indiana Jones		The First Indiana Jones Adventure In 20 Years! Join Dr Jones As He Travels Around The World On The Quest For The Crystal Skull With This Cool Movie Storybook, Illustrated With Stills From The New Movie. The Brand New Movie From George Lucas Is Brought To Life In A Thrilling Adaptation. Twenty Years On From The Last Crusade And Indy Is Picking Up The Fedora And Bullwhip Once Again On The Hunt For The Crystal Skull. This Cool Movie Storybook, Illustrated With More Than 40 Pictures From The New Movie, Follows All The Thrills And Spills Of The Newest Indiana Jones Adventure.	2008	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172236915	Neither night nor day,thirteen stories by women from Pakistan	Rakhshanda Jalil		An Entrepreneur In Bosnia, A Ghost In The Elevator, A Deaf-Mute Father Who Dies Yearning For His Son'S Acceptance, A Fantastical Kingdom Of People Without Tongues, A Young Girl On The Threshold Of Marriage And Death This Collection Of Stories Takes Us Through The Strange And Often Twisted Realities That Shape Our Lives. We Meet The Pragmatic Dina Lal Who Trades Religion For Safety In Anti-Hindu Pakistan, A Still-Dignified Narjis On Her Last Journey While Her Child Sleeps In The Arms Of Her Jailor, And Several Others Young And Old, Male And Female As They Wrestle With The Dile Mmas Of Conflicting Cultures And Ideologies. An Eclectic Mix Of Thirteen Stories By Pakistan'S Finest Women Writers, Neither Night Nor Day Explores Milieus Both Old And Contemporary And Exposes, In The Process, The Underbelly Of A Society Where The Spectres Of History Continue To Chase Time.	2007	HarperCollins Publishers India, a joint venture with the India Today Group						ZZZ000000
9780007286959	Collins Gem Cholesterol Counter	Kate Santon		This handy pick-up guide to cholesterol is unique, including listings of cholesterol counts for thousands of everyday food stuffs. Gem Cholesterol Counter is the easy way to monitor your cholesterol. With a clear introductory section on what cholesterol actually is and how you can lower it, followed by fat and cholesterol counts for all common foods, this is an indispensable pocket-sized guide. Interspersed with interesting factoids this book dispels any myths and gives practical advice on how to lower your cholesterol in a sensible way. Factual information is clearly laid out in table format, making it quick to compare similar food products and adopt simple dietary changes to help reduce the chance of heart attacks, strokes and blood vessel problems. This is the perfect book for those following a diet plan who have previously had a high fat intake and are looking to lower their cholesterol.	2008-04-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007267415	Haunted	Derek Acorah		For the first time, the UK's number one TV psychic shares some of his most personal stories and terrifying encounters with the spirit world, and what ita??s really like to be a??possesseda??. The star of LIVINGtv's a??Most Haunteda?? and 'Ghost Towns' goes on a new journey that will chill you to the bone. Derek takes us with him into the darkest places of the spirit world where he confronts people taken over by demonic entities, the spirits of ancient Egyptians whose malevolent presence reaches beyond the tomb, those evil ghosts with unfinished business who are terrorising the living, and the dead who are determined to come back from the other side, and take Derek with them if they cana?| If you thought you'd already seen Derek's most terrifying battles with the dark side a?? think again.	2008	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172238698	The White Tiger - Hindi Edition (Forthcoming May Last Week)	Adiga&Arvind		Winner of the Man Booker Prize 2008 Meet Balram Halwai, the 'white tiger': servant, philosopher, entrepreneur, murderer Born in a village in the dark heart of India, the son of a rickshaw puller, Balram is taken out of school and put to work in a teashop. As he crushes coal and wipes tables, he nurses a dream of escape. His big chance comes when a rich landlord hires him as a chauffeur for his son, daughter-in-law, and their two Pomeranian dogs. From behind the wheels of a Honda, Balram sees Delhi and begins to see how the Tiger might escape his cage. For surely any successful man must spill a little blood on his way to the top? The White Tiger is a tale of two Indias. Balram's journey from the darkness of village life to the light of entrepreneurial success is utterly amoral, brilliantly irreverent, deeply endearing and altogether unforgettable.	2010	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007339839	Michael Jackson - Icon,A Tribute to the King of Pop	James Aldis		A lavishly illustrated tribute to the greatest entertainer of a generation. "The world has lost one of the greats but his music will live on forever" - Madonna. Michael Jackson was the undisputed King of Pop and his untimely death has provoked tributes from around the world. With a colourful life spanning from 1968 when Michael was a member of the Jackson 5 to his recent announcement of a final comeback tour at the O2 in London, nobody can dispute the achievements of the man who was arguably the greatest artist of the millenium.This fully illustrated book offers an insightful tribute to the man behind Thriller, the world's best selling album of all time. Including sections on Michael's early life and the Jackson 5, the making of Off the Wall and Thriller, and the troubled years leading right up to his announcement of a comeback tour, this will be a comprehensive and fitting tribute to a legendary pop star, the likes of which the world will never see again.	2009	HarperCollins						BIO000000
9780007204076	The Embers of Heaven	Alma Alexander		Perfect for fans of Memoirs of a Geisha and Empress Orchid ndash; 'The Embers of Heaven' is a magical epic, with delightful characters, an intriguing scenario and a real feeling of place and history. It has a wonderful combination of character, romantic lives, and spiritual quest, set against a credible historical background. In 'The Secrets of Jin-Shei,' eight women pledge themselves as sisters in the name of jin-shei, the unbreakable bond, the promise that lasts a lifetime. This sisterhood shapes their lives, their country and their world. 'The Embers of Heaven' begins four hundred years later. In eighteenth-century Syai, and its capital city of Linh-an, things have changed beyond recognition. On the face of it, women are more equal than they have ever been. But the men run the machines, the factories, and the technology. Women have lost the ability to weave their fates and influence the course of events. The foundation of an empire once rested on jin-shei and its customs. It connected women from every walk of life and formed a bond that empowered every woman who swore the oath. The advancement of printing, the developments of technology and the changes in society seem to have improved the daily lives of the underclass, but women have been stripped of this sacred pact. Amais is heir to her poet-ancestress's manuscripts and journals. The journals are all in jin-ashu, the women's tongue, taught sketchily to Amais by her mother. Amais has the clear vision of an outsider looking in. Combined with her deep and instinctive bond to her ancestors and her culture, she determines to reinvent the Women's Country and bring the jin-shei back. But just as her crusade begins, she and her family are caught up in the whirlwind of the Golden Rising ndash; a people's revolution that is fated to destroy much that was once valuable, gracious and beautiful.	2006-09-04	Harper						ZZZ000000
9780007202829	White Gardenia	Belinda Alexandra		A sweeping story of mothers and daughters, set against a grand canvas of post-revolutionary Russia, early Communist China, the south seas and contemporary Australia Beginning in a small village on the Chinesea??Russian border in the final days of World War II, this novel tells the story of a mother and daughter separated by war. In a district of the city of Harbin, a haven for White Russian families since Russia's Communist revolution, Alina Kozlova must make a heartbreaking decision if her only child, Anya, is to live. a??White Gardeniaa?? sweeps across cultures and continents, from the glamorous, decadent Shanghai to the harshness of Cold War Soviet Russia in the 1960s, from a desolate island in the Pacific Ocean to a new life in post-war Australia. Both mother and daughter must make sacrifices, but is the price of survival too high? And will they ever find each other again?	2007-11-08	Harper						ZZZ000000
9780007216116	Peaches	Jodi Lynn Anderson		Fun, feel-good chick lit for girls. This is the perfect warm, laid-back summer read from a talented new American author.More juicy than fine, more sexy than delicate, Murphy's good fun - but she's no angel.At school, Leeda is treated like a queen. She's loved by just about everyone - except her mom.Living in an orchard and being homeschooled, Birdie has the social prowess of the Hunchback of Notre Dame.It's the summer holidays and three girls meet picking peaches - but they REALLY don't get on; Murphy's too cool, Leeda's too posh and Birdie's so shy she can't even speak to guys, especially good-looking ones. Then when Leeda's boyfriend Rex turns up and Enrico the Mexican takes a shine to Birdie, the girls find plenty to talk about - and their summer really starts to hot up...	2006-06-05	Collins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9788172237578	Healing The ( Pb )	Gita Aravamudan		A Novel That Spans Several Generations And Seven Tumultuous Decades, The Healing Is Remarkable For The Disarming Simplicity With Which It Signposts The Changing Ways Of Contemporary India. The Babri Masjid Falls On The Day Ramanujam, Patriarch And Freedom Fighter, Is Rushed Into Hospital After Suffering A Cardiac Arrest. As His Wife And Family Stand Vigil By His Bedside, A Second Demolition Is Waiting To Throw Their Lives Out Of Gear- Shanti Nivas, The Sprawling Family Property They Have Lived In For Over Seventy Years, Is To Be Transformed Into Modern Apartments Where All The Members Of The Family Find Individual Homes And Possibly, An Entirely Different Way Of Life. Told From The Perspective Of Ramanujam'S Younger Daughter Bharati, This Evocative Novel Set In Chennai Maps The Memories Of Shanti Nivas And Its Residents. Past Loves And Unresolved Conflicts War With The Reality Of Present-Day Relationships As Bharati And Her Husband Krishna Confront Their Old Nemesis, Doctor And Sometime Friend Manohar. The Situation Is Further Complicated When Their Older Daughter Jayanti Declares Her Intention To Marry A Colleague- A Man Who Is Not Part Of Their Community, Or Caste, Or Even Religion.		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007244034	Trixie's Very Extremely Brilliant Guide to Everything	Ros Asquith		Trixie is a fun and fiesty free-thinker with a Very Extremely hilarious take on life! This charming, illustrated guide is full off funny, ingenious tips on how to deal with life's little niggles. Trixie has a heart of gold and a love of animals so big it even includes nits! She's passionate about vegetarianism, music and Building a Better World. In this handy guide Trixie's offers her very own advice, answering all those difficult questions that girls have. Like, how to cope with getting up to go to the loo when you're at a Sleepover. How not to be afraid of the dark. How to deal with embarrassing parents etc. In handy A to Z format, girls just have to think of the first letter of their problem and look up for Trixie's marvellous advice! e.g. A for adults - they mean well and are useful for buying houses and providing pocket money. With fun and quirky illustrations throughout and laughs on every page, Trixie's top tips are guaranteed to entertain.	2007-03-29	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007244027	Trixie and the Amazing Doggy Yap Star	Ros Asquith		Trixie is a fun and fiesty free-thinker who never seems to hear the word 'NO'! The first book in this hilarious and charming illustrated series is sure to have girls hooked. Trixie has a heart of gold and a love of animals so big it even includes nits! She's passionate about vegetarianism, music and Building a Better World. In this first adventure Trixie loses her precious trumpet - just days before she's supposed to be playing a solo in her school's Save the World with a Song concert! But everything starts to fall into place when she finds out her beloved dog Harpo can talk! Enter Harpo the talking, singing, doggy yap star! Will he be able to help her out of her sticky situation? With fun and quirky illustrations throughout and laughs on every page, the Trixie stories are guaranteed to entertain.	2007-03-29	Collins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007241491	The True Darcy Spirit	Elizabeth Aston		A richly entertaining recreation of Regency London, as the next generation of Darcy girls have to make their way in a society that doesn't always appreciate their wit, determination and sense of fun. This is the story of Cassandra, a young cousin to the children of Mr and Mrs Darcy of 'Pride and Prejudice'. She's a worthy heir to them in every way - she speaks her mind, is shrewd and talented - but, sad to say, she makes one very major mistake as a result of her impetuousness. Cast out of her respectable place in the world, she has to make her own way. But in a London that regards any attractive, independent young lady with deep suspicion, how can she avoid coming upon the town? This is an unashamedly light and fun read which will appeal to all fans of the perenially popular Jane Austen. Its detail is accurate, its language accesible but authentic - it's the perfect read for all of us who've seen the films, bought the DVDs, reread the originals, but still want more.	2007-03-29	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						FIC027050
9780007243617	The Yacoubian Building	Alaa Al Aswany		An international bestseller, 'The Yacoubian Building' is a mesmerising and controversial novel that is at once an impassioned celebration and a ruthless dissection of a society dominated by bribery and corruption. The Yacoubian building - once grand, but now dilapidated - stands on one of Cairo's main boulevards. Taha, the doorman's son, has aspirations beyond the slum in the skies, and dreams of one day becoming a policeman. He studies hard, and passes all the exams, but when he is rejected because his family is neither rich nor influential, the bitterness sets in. His girlfriend, Busyana, finds herself unable to earn a living without also providing sexual services for the men who hire her. When Taha seeks solace in a student Islamic organisation, the pressure mounts, and he is drawn to actions with devastating consequences. 'The Yacoubian Building' follows Taha's trajectory from innocence to tragedy. The people whose lives orbit his - the inhabitants of the building - are also facing their own difficult choices. From those living in squalid and cramped conditions on the rooftops, to the homosexual editor of Le Caire newspaper and a womanising aristocrat, all of the contradictions in Egyptian society are here. Religious feelings live side-by-side with promiscuity; bribery and exploitation alternate with moments of joy and elation; modernity clashes with the vision of a more ancient society. Alaa Al Aswany's mesmerising novel caused an unprecedented stir when it was published in Egypt. It is at once an impassioned celebration and a ruthless dissection of a society dominated by bribery and corruption.	2007	Fourth Estate						ZZZ000000
9780007151103	His Coldest Winter	Derek Beaven		Suspense fiction. On Boxing Day 1962 it began to snow. Over the next two months England froze. It was the coldest winter since 1740. The sea iced over. Cars could be driven across the Thames. Riding home from London in that first snowfall, on the powerful motorbike he has been given for Christmas, seventeen-year-old Alan Rae has a brush with death. Immediately he meets a girl, Cynthia, who will change his life. But someone else is equally preoccupied with her, Geoffrey, a young scientist who works with Alan's father in the race with the Americans and the Russians to develop the microchip. Alan, Geoffrey and Cynthia become linked by a web of secrets which, while the country remains in icy suspension, threatens everything they ever trusted.	2006	Harper Perennial						FIC000000
9780007258482	Little Britain,How a Small Country Built the Modern World	Harry Bingham		Celebratory, witty and incredibly insightful, Harry Bingham explores the eccentricities and customs of the British nation in a bid to answer a question which has everyone debating - Who are we?For the British, that's an oddly difficult question. Although our national self-assessment usually notes a number of good points (we're inventive, tolerant, and at least we're not French), it lists a torrent of bad ones too. Our society is fragmented and degenerate. Our kids are thugs, our workers ill-educated, our public services abysmal. We drink too much. Our house prices are crazy, our politicians sleazy, our roads jammed, our football team rubbish. When the 'Times' invited readers to suggest new designs for the backs of British coins, one reader wrote in saying, 'How about a couple of yobs dancing on a car bonnet or a trio of legless ladettes in the gutter?'Is there really nothing to be proud of? British inventors have been responsible for myriad marvels we now take for granted, from the steam engine to the world wide web. British medical and public health innovations - vaccination, integrated mains sewerage, antiseptic surgery - have saved far more lives than all other medical innovations put together. And why stop there? The British empire covered a quarter of the earth's surface but used an army smaller than that of Switzerland to exert its rule. The world speaks our language. Our scientists have won vast numbers of Nobel Prizes. The evolution of habeas corpus, trial by jury and the abolition of torture aren't purely British in inspiration, but owe more to us than to anyone else. Our parliamentary democracy has been hugely influential in spreading ideals of liberty and representative government round the world.If the modern world is richer, freer, more peaceful, more democratic and healthier than it was, then Britain has played a leading role in that transformation. This book is about just that. Taking a particular interest in the many things that we did first, or best, or most, or were the only ones ever to do, this focuses especially on those of our oddities that spread across the world - everything from football to the rule of law.	2007-10-11	Fourth Estate						ZZZ000000
9780007151394	The Fields of Grief	Giles Blunt		A terrifying psychological thriller in which a spate of suicides could just be the work of a serial killer; featuring homicide detectives Cardinal and Delorme from the award-winning 'Forty Words for Sorrow'. Photographer Catherine Cardinal's fatal fall from a high building one moonlit night is ruled an act of suicide. She has a history of depression, a note is found and her psychiatrist is not surprised. But her husband, John Cardinal, won't accept this conclusion. Driven by grief and guilt, he launches his own investigation, helped by his reluctant colleagues. And when vicious notes appear, taunting him for his loss, his theory that she was murdered suddenly seems to be credible. Cardinal revisits his past, searching for a possible suspect among his previous arrests. Someone with a grudge, a person twisted enough to target his innocent wife in revenge. But could he be looking in the wrong place? The mystery deepens when he uncovers a spate of tragic suicides, leading him to investigate a startling new possibility - one so shocking, it has never been suspected...	2006-12-31	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						FIC031000
9780007232963	Space recognition guide	Peter Bond		An exciting new edition to the highly-regarded and perenially popular Jane_s Recognition Guide series.Presented in the same style as existing Jane_s Recognition Guides, this exciting new book contains a selection of over 500 satellites, spacecraft and launch vehicles (rockets), with information on purpose, operations, specifications, and a brief type history.The entries (each with a colour picture) are split into:_ Historic Missions (to include Sputnik, Apollo, Mir and Voyager)_ Historic Launchers_ Space Organisations (to include NASA, ESA and JAXA)_ Launchers_ Current Spacecraft Programmes _ Manned Spaceflight_ FuturesThis is a most comprehensive guide and a stunning tribute to the exploration of space.	2008-05-20	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007225484	Nervous Girls Guide To Nip And Tuck	Patrick Bowler		Every girl's essential handbag guide to the full range of no-surgery treatments on offer from the cosmetic doctor on TV's 10 Years Younger, Dr Patrick Bowler.Hands up if you're bored of buying the latest expensive age-defying face cream and not seeing any results. Or if you'd like to remove a few wrinkles and blemishes, but are too scared to go 'under the knife' - most of us want to slow down the ageing process but taking three weeks off work swaddled in bandages while the swelling goes down is not our idea of a good time.Luckily Dr Patrick Bowler, from TV's 10 Years Younger, is here to help, sharing his insider knowledge of the fast, pain-free, affordable alternatives to surgery.In his jargon-free guide, Dr Bowler answers the questions on everyone's lips about each treatment, such as 'does it hurt?', 'how long does it last for?' and 'how much does it cost?'. And the good news is that most of these non-invasive treatments, from Botox to facial peels, can even be fitted in during your lunch break.	2006	HarperThorsons						ZZZ000000
9780007165872	March	Geraldine Brooks		From the author of the acclaimed YEAR OF WONDERS, a historical novel and love story set during a time of catastrophe on the front lines of the American Civil War.	2006	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9781841154589	Year Of Wonders	Geraldine Brooks		A young woman's struggle to save her family and her soul during the most extraordinary year of 1666, when plague suddenly visited a small Derbyshire village and the villagers, inspired by a charismatic preacher, elected to quarantine themselves to limit the contagion.	2002	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007244454	Percy and the Rabbit,Discover Reading	Nick Butterworth		Collins Big Cat Read at Home is a series of stories by top children's authors and illustrators that children will love to read. Built-in progression within and between each level help you choose the right story to develop your child's confidence as they become independent readers. Extra activities will motivate and entertain your child. In the story Percy and the Rabbit, Percy's cap, scarf and gloves go missing, and they end up being used by some mischievous mice to decorate a snowman! ? Read the story Percy and the Rabbit ? Re-tell the story using mini picture prompts ? Complete a variety of interesting activities ? Make a fun theme-based project ? Get helpful tips on reading together The Discover reading level is for developing readers. These books have simple but varied text with a basic story development. There are four fun books at this level.	2007-01-04	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780722540503	The power of creative intelligence	Tony Buzan		Creativity is not just painting a picture or playing an instrument - it can be part of every decision you take! This book is full of new fun facts, games and tools to help you make the most of your own creativity. Using his revolutionary Mind-Map techniques, Tony Buzan shows you how to learn from geniuses such as Leonardo da Vinci and the Beatles.	2001-05-31	Thorsons						ZZZ000000
9780007202423	Ten little rubber ducks	Eric Carle		Based on the true story of a shipment of rubber bathtub toys that fell overboard from a container ship, this interactive picture book by the legendary Eric Carle explores numbers, directions, opposites, geography, animals, and more. Embedded in the book is a duck with a squeaking sound chip. Full color.	2005-02-07	HarperCollins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007197149	Merry Christmas, Blue Kangaroo!	Emma Chichester Clark		A Christmas themed best seller about Lily and her beloved Blue Kangaroo! It's Christmas Eve, and Lily is excitedly wondering if Father Christmas will come. She has made cards for everyone, helped to decorate the house and put presents under the tree. "This one is just for you, Blue Kangaroo!" she says. "Just for me!" thinks Blue Kangaroo. But Blue Kangaroo doesn't have a present for Lily, and he lies awake worrying. Is there anyone who might be able to help?	2006-10-12	HarperCollins Children's						ZZZ000000
9780007118274	The murder of Roger Ackroyd	Agatha Christie		The Most Controversial Murder Mystery Novel Of All Time Is 75 Years Old, And Celebrated In This Special Edition. Roger Ackroyd Knew Too Much. He Knew That The Woman He Loved Had Poisoned Her Brutal First Husband. He Suspected Also That Someone Had Been Blackmailing Her. Now, Tragically, Came The News That She Had Taken Her Own Life With A Drug Overdose. But The Evening Post Brought Roger One Last Fatal Scrap Of Information. Unfortunately, Before He Could Finish The Letter, He Was Stabbed To Death& Agatha Christie Outraged Mystery-Writers And Critics Alike When The Murder Of Roger Ackroyd, Her Debut Novel With Collins, Was Published The Twist, They Said, Was Not Only Unconventional But A Cheat. But The Book Put Agatha Christie On The Map And Has Remained One Of The Most Accomplished And Best-Selling Murder Mysteries Of All Time. This Special Commemorative Edition In Flamingo Modern Classics Highlights Agatha Christie S Achievement.	2001-05-21	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780007113804	Murder in Mesopotamia	Agatha Christie		It Was Clear To Amy Leatheran That Something Sinister Was Going On At The Hassanieh Dig; Something Associated With The Presence Of Lovely Louise , Wife Of Celebrated Archaeologist Dr Leidner. In A Few Days Time Hercule Poirot Was Due To Drop In At The Excavation Site. But With Louise Suffering From Terrifying Hallucinations, And Tension Within The Group Becoming Almost Unbearable, Poirot Might Just Be Too Late&	2001	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007208500	The mystery of the blue train	Agatha Christie		A new tie-in edition of Agatha Christie's bestseller, to coincide with the broadcast of the new movie on ITV1 starring David Suchet. Includes a full colour plate section and exclusive cast interviews.When the luxurious Blue Train arrives at Nice, a guard attempts to wake serene Ruth Kettering from her slumbers. But she will never wake again - for a heavy blow has killed her, disfiguring her features almost beyond recognition. What is more, her precious rubies are missing.The prime suspect is Ruth's estranged husband, Derek. Yet Poirot is not convinced, so he stages an eerie re-enactment of the journey, complete with the murderer on board...	2005-12-05	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007210190	Collins Easy Learning Maths8-9	Peter Clarke&Peter		Easy Learning is easy to use, easy to learn and easy to remember.Small chunks of information, learning by doing and the right facts in the right order make working at home fun and achieving success at school easy.Easy Learning Maths Age 8-9 gives support, practice and guidance for year-by-year school learning.- Easy to use - clear guidance for parent and child- Easy to learn - colourful and engaging activities keep motivation levels high- Easy to remember - information and activities organised in clear, memorable chunks	2006	HarperCollins						JNF035000
9780007236718	Hidden depths,atlas of the oceans	United States. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration&National Museum of Natural History (U.S.)		Embark on a journey to the hidden depths of the worlda??s oceans. Explore the worlda??s last frontier through breathtaking, unique photographs from the ocean depths amd state-of-the-art maps. Unique ocean mapping and graphics with expert contribution from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Previously unpublished 3D views and images of the oceans developed by NOAA will help reveal the amazing structure of the oceans. The huge impact the ocean has on the land we live is evident from the topical issues presented, these include hurricanes, pollution, tsunamis, and sea level rise. Man's history with the sea is also outlined from old sea charts and wrecks to the latest in submersible technology, satellite imagery and echo sounding. Find out about the dramatic physical nature of the oceans, how man has explored and observed the oceans and what the future holds for the oceans. Chapter Breakdown a?? Formation of the Oceans a?? Water and Seawater a?? Water movement/circulation a?? Oceans and the climate a?? Dynamic coasts a?? Natural hazards a?? The Poles a?? Vital ecosystems a?? Exploration/observation a?? Human interaction a?? Conservation a?? The future Contributors Produced with the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).	2007	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007261086	Collins Pocket Scrabble Dictionary	Sandra Anderson		The perfect portable companion for all Scrabble games, Pocket Scrabble is based on Scrabble Words, the most comprehensive Scrabble wordlist ever. his second edition of the Pocket Scrabble Dictionary is an essential item for all Scrabble players playing with family and friends. With short definitions for every word listed, players can check meanings of words without having to consult a secondary dictionary, and its handy size makes it the perfect portable companion for all Scrabble games. Collins Scrabble dictionaries are endorsed by Mattel and are an essential reference for all Scrabble players, from keen regular players to families playing with children. SCRABBLEA? is a registered trademark of J. W. Spear & Sons Ltd., a subsidiary of Mattel, Inc.A? 2008 Mattel, Inc. All Rights Reserved.	2008-05-06	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						GAM001000
9780007242382	Collins English Dictionary	Collins UK Staff&Collins-Dictionary		With an attractive slipcase and two-tone imitation leather cover, this dictionary is the ideal gift for any special occasion. This Collins English Dictionary is the most up-to-date and information-packed small dictionary available. With spelling, grammar and pronunciation help, plus a handy supplement, this Dictionary gives you all the everyday words you need - at your fingertips. The text is compiled using the latest information on current English from Collins Word Web - our unique and constantly updated 2.5-billion-word database - ensuring the most up-to-date language coverage available. And with clear, modern definitions, you can be sure to find all the information you need in the quickest time possible. All this, with a beautiful binding and slipcase, makes it an ideal gift as well as perfect for everday use. ? Have confidence Find all the newest words at your fingertips ? Get it right Help with spelling and difficult pronunciation ? Get there fast Accessible layout that's easy on the eye, guiding you quickly to what you want	2006	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						REF008000
9780007208913	Collins Russian Dictionary	Collins Publishers Staff		Now including the most important new words and phrases in English and Russian, the Collins Russian Gem Dictionary offers accurate and reliable coverage of today's language. In addition, the most common words have been given more detailed treatment in order to make them easier for the user to understand and translate. New to this edition are special entries on life and culture in Russia, Britain, and the United States, and an indispensable glossary of business words in Russian and English.Presented in a handy, portable format, and with a clear, user-friendly layout, the Collins Russian Gem Dictionary is the indispensable reference tool for office, home, travel, and study.	2006-06-29	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007196395	Collins School Dictionary	Collins Publishers Staff&Collins-Dictionary		A rebranded edition of this school dictionary, based on extensive teacher research and with numerous extra features to promote success in all subjects in secondary school.	2005	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						REF010000
9780007165551	Collins dictionary literary terms	Edward Quinn		A complete guide to literary terms. Although designed primarily for students of literary theory, the book should also be of use to students in other disciplines, from film theory to philosophy, as well as for the general reader.	2004	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007208876	Collins Spanish School Dictionary	Collins-Dictionary		The Collins Spanish School Dictionary has been specially designed to meet the needs of school students. A clear, easy-to-use layout and new supplement of verb tables makes it a handy and reliable classroom companion.Developed as part of the Collins Education stream,this dictionary is designed for all those studying Spanish at school or for examinations. It provides a wealth of reliable information in a compact, handy format.Have confidence: the Collins Spanish School Dictionary offers you up-to-date coverage of contemporary Spanish and English with thousands of current constructions and phrases to show how Spanish really works.Get it right: in addition to the renowned accuracy of the translation, this dictionary now includes a complete, user-friendly supplement showing all key Spanish verbs in full.Get there fast: clear,colour layout ensures that you find the information you need quickly and easily.Where does it fit in the range:Collins Spanish Gem 0-00-719597-4Collins Easy Learning Spanish Dictionary 0-00-718377-1Collins Spanish School Gem 0-00-720888-XCollins Spanish School Dictionary 0-00-720887-1Words are tools for life. And a Collins Dictionary makes them work for you,	2006	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007261123	Collins Concise English Dictionary	Collins Publishers Staff		Pioneers in dictionary publishing for over 175 years, Collins are now proud to offer the Concise English Dictionary in print and online. The seventh edition of the groundbreaking Collins Concise Dictionary is the only dictionary in concise format with encyclopedic entries for people, places, and regions. Ideal for families and students, this is essential for anyone who needs a dictionary that supports research in all areas (academic subjects as well as hobbies, sport and recreation) and study. Have confidence ' comprehensive and authoritative, with all the words and definitions you need Get it right ' language notes help you choose the right words for every situation and give advice on words that are changing in meaning or use. Get there fast ' clear layout with colour. Find out more ' thousands of entries for people and places.	2008-09-04	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007223893	Collins German Dictionary and Grammar	HarperCollins UK Staff		The Collins German Dictionary & Grammar is an up-to-date dictionary and a user-friendly grammar guide in one handy volume. Colour headwords, cultural notes, a section on translation problems and now including all the changes from the 2006 German Spelling Reform, the Collins German Dictionary & Grammar is the ideal book for intermediate learners. Collins German Dictionary & Grammar is designed for intermediate learners of German, whether at school, at home, or for business. 80,000 references and 118,000 translations will help those learning German take their language skills to the next level. Have confidence: this edition of the Collins German Dictionary & Grammar has been revised and updated to offer extensive and relevant coverage of today's English and German, incorporating all of the changes from the 2006 German Spelling Reform and with thousands of phrases and examples guiding the user to the most appropriate translation. Get it right: the perfect complement to the dictionary - a comprehensive grammar guide which presents detailed examples and translations to help students to understand German grammar. Get there fast: the clear new Collins typography gives the text a contemporary feel, and ensures that users find the information they need quickly and easily. Some of the other titles available in the Collins German dictionary range are Collins German Gem, Collins German Express, and Collins Concise German Dictionary - giving users all the help they need. Words are tools for life. And a Collins dictionary makes them work for you.	2006	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007261079	Collins Spanish Concise Dictionary	Catherine E. Love&Collins Publishers Staff		The Collins Spanish Concise Dictionary has been revised and updated to cover all the latest vocabulary, making it ideal for intermediate to advanced learners of Spanish. This seventh edition of Collins Spanish Concise Dictionary is designed for students and professionals using Spanish in the course of their work or study. It draws on Collinsa?? unique databases of Spanish and English to ensure that the user has the most complete and accurate picture of real language available today. a?? Have confidence: this new edition contains all the latest vocabulary from a wide range of fields, with special feature entries about life and culture in Spanish-speaking countries. a?? Get it right: the in-depth treatment of complex words, practical tips on spoken and written Spanish and weblinks which guide the user to additional information make this dictionary the ideal tool for intermediate to advanced students. a?? Get there fast: accessible colour layout guides users quickly to what they want. Some of the other titles available in Collins Spanish range are Collins Spanish Dictionary, Collins Spanish Dictionary & Grammar and Collins Pocket Spanish Dictionary - giving users all the help they need	2008-06-02	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007196470	Beginner's Italian dictionary	Michela Clari&Daphne Day		A rebranded edition of this acclaimed dictionary - the ideal choice for beginners of any age.This first edition of the market-leading Collins Easy Learning Italian Dictionary provides beginners of Italian with the easiest way to learn the language. Its features include full coverage of core vocabulary in both Italian and English, thousands of examples to show how to use the translations and all essential set expressions. The layout is clear and exceptionally user-friendly, using colour for the words you need to look up, and a new line for each translation.The dictionary also offers additional help in the form of a full guide to using the dictionary, useful grammar pages, a section on expressing yourself in Italian, and activities and games for developing dictionary skills. It also lists all the most common, and most dangerous "false friends" to help prevent very common mistakes beginners make when speaking Italian. Easy to read, easy to use and easy to understand, the new edition of the Easy Learning Italian Dictionary is the ideal choice for beginners of any age.	2005-07-14	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007224111	Collins English dictionary and thesaurus	Lorna Gilmour		This NEW COLOUR edition of the Collins Essential Dictionary and Thesaurus is the perfect reference tool for every situation, with matching dictionary and thesaurus texts on the same page, and an invaluable supplement to help you get through everyday situations.Ideal for the home or office, this new COLOUR edition gives three books in one - a comprehensive dictionary text, with matching thesaurus entries on the same page offering a generous choice of alternatives and opposites, and a supplement which gives help with communication from work or domestic matters.Users can:Look up matching dictionary and thesaurus entries on the same pageAvoid common mistakes in English with the helpful usage notesUse the comprehensive supplement for additional help with everyday communication	2006-07-01	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007234622	Collins Student World Atlas,School Edition	HarperCollins Publishers Limited		Completely new edition of the best-selling Collins Longman Student Atlas. Created specifically for Key Stage 4 students, and a vital tool for all students. Collins Student world Atlas has been specifically designed for students aged 14-16 years, however its well-researched uncluttered design makes it easy for all student use. This second edition has been extensively revised and updated. It features 128 pages of up-to-date reference and thematic mapping, 8 pages of World country-by-country statistics and a fully comprehensive index to all names appearing on reference maps. Thematic maps and accompanying graphs and tables adhere strictly to the National Curriculum guidelines and cover topics such as Tourism, Telecommunications, Environmental and socio-economic topics. All maps have been fully up-dated using the latest statistical information available. The inclusion of a selective list of web addresses on each thematic page ensures students are motivated to explore more deeply into a topic. For this edition thematic mapping of the world has been expanded to include topics such as Human Development Index, World Trade, Prevalence of HIV/AIDS, Access to Safe water, Poverty, etc. High quality satellite imagery, which has been selectively used within special topic or study areas, supports data on the maps and is used to illustrate key environmental issues. Extensive lists of statistics for demographic and socio-economic facts provide up-to-date data for students wishing to create their own graphs to support individual geography, tourism, mathematics, economics or IT projects.	2007-02-05	Collins						REF002000
9780007224203	Spanish Grammar	Jeremy Butterfield&Collins Publishers Staff		Now in COLOUR, the Collins Spanish Gem Grammar offers the learner of Spanish extensive coverage of Spanish grammar in a compact, portable format.Developed as part of the Collins Education and Life Skills streams, this book is designed for all levels of language learner, whether at home, at school, or at work.Have confidence: the Collins Spanish Gem Grammar offers extensive coverage of Spanish grammar, with additional guide to Spanish pronunciation.Get it right: it also contains fully conjugated Spanish irregular verbs.Get there fast: now in COLOUR for the first time, the clear layout ensures that users find the information they want quickly and easily.	2006-06-29	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						FOR026000
9780007224210	English Grammar	Ronald G. Hardie&Alice Grandison&Gem Collins		A rebranded edition of this uniquely helpful guide to all areas of English grammar, illustrated with examples from today's language.Collins Gem English Grammar provides up-to-date and accessible guidance through the intricacies of English grammar in a format that is conveniently sized, durable, and simple to use.The book is divided into sections dealing with the different parts of speech. Each grammatical point is clearly described in a user-friendly format that combines explanations on the left-hand page with examples from modern English on the right-hand page.	2006-05-02	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007207343	Collins dictionary of biology	W. G. Hale&Venetia A. Saunders&J. P. Margham		The third edition of the 'Collins Dictionary of Biology' has been completely revised and updated to take in the latest developments on biology from the Human Genome Project to advancements in cloning.	2005	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007269211	Collins Easy Learning Grammar and Punctuation	COLLINS UK&Collins		Collins Easy Learning Grammar is an accessible guide to English grammar and punctuation.With clear, concise explanations on everything from adverbs to word order, and from apostrophes to semicolons, this book is indispensable for understanding correct usage.Collins Easy Learning Grammar is a uniquely helpful guide to all areas of English grammar and punctuation, providing clear guidance through the intricacies of the English language.Each grammatical and punctuation point is clearly described in a user-friendly format that combines explanations with examples from modern English.	2009-03-05	Harper Collins Publ. UK						ZZZ000000
9780007225316	School Thesaurus	Collins&Elizabeth Gordon&Geoffrey Hughes&Imogen Kerr&W. A. Krebs&Jenny Kumar&Collins Publishers Staff		A fantastic school thesaurus for ages 11+ now in COLOUR. Written specially to help with homework, this new COLOUR edition of the School Thesaurus provides thousands of synonyms to increase vocabulary, with the most important synonyms highlighted to help students make the right choice. Easy to learn - find all the alternative words you need Easy to use - explanations and examples lead you to the best alternatives Easy to read - clear layout now with colour Easy to understand - how to avoid over-used words Where does it fit in the range? Collins School Thesaurus Collins Gem School Thesaurus	2006-05-02	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007225309	Collins School Thesaurus	Collins-Thesaurus&Elizabeth Gordon&Geoffrey Hughes&Imogen Kerr&W. A. Krebs&Jenny Kumar&Collins Staff		A fantastic hardback school thesaurus for ages 11+. Now in COLOUR. Written specially to help with homework, this new COLOUR edition of the School Thesaurus provides thousands of synonyms to increase vocabulary, with the most important synonyms highlighted to help students make the right choice. Easy to learn - find all the alternative words you need Easy to use - explanations and examples lead you to the best alternatives Easy to read - clear layout now with colour Easy to understand - how to avoid over-used words Where does it fit in the range? Collins School Thesaurus Collins Gem School Thesaurus	2006	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007234653	Eric Morecambe Unseen,The Lost Diaries, Jokes and Photographs	William Cook		This is a completely original and beautifully designed book on Eric Morecambe, one of the UK's best-loved entertainers. Containing diary entries, unseen photographs and personal letters, this is the most revealing book yet on Morecambe. Posthumously voted 'Comedian of the Century' in 1999 and reaching number 4 in the recent 'Comedian's Comedian Top 50' on Channel 4, Eric Morecambe remains one of Britain's greatest and best-loved comedians. But even at the height of his success, Eric Morecambe feared his days were numbered as one half of Britain's best-loved comedy duo. It was a dread that had afflicted his whole career, according to his taped diaries, which emerged for the first time at the end of 2004 on the Channel 4 documentary, 'The Unseen Eric Morecambe'. The programme was praised both by critics and the general public and it served to renew interest in Morecambe's career and in the man himself. Containing 15,000 words of unseen diary entries, 200 unseen pictures, jokes and sketches, and letters to both Ernie and Eric himself, everything in this book is 100% personal and original, offering an exclusive insight into a comedic genius who was plagued with self-doubt. Even through his fear and uncertainty, Eric's inimitable humour shines through his diaries, joke books and personal archives. 'The Unseen Eric Morecambe' radiates with the gentle comedy genius that permeates his on-screen appearances, allowing an insight into Eric Morecambe that is both comfortingly familiar and revelatory. For the many fans of Eric Morecambe this book offers new insights while the stylish, integrated design makes this handsome book an ideal gift purchase.	2006	HarperCollins UK						ZZZ000000
9780006171980	Sharpe's Honour,Richard Sharpe and the Vitoria Campaign, February to June 1813	Bernard Cornwell		A Classic Sharpe Adventure: Richard Sharpe And The Vitoria Campaign, February To June 1813 Major Richard Sharpe Awaits The Opening Shots Of The Army'S New Campaign With Grim Expectancy. Victory Depends On The Increasingly Fragile Alliance Between Britain And Spain An Alliance That Must Be Maintained At Any Cost. But Sharpe'S Enemy, Pierre Ducos, Seizes A Chance To Both Destroy The Alliance And Take A Personal Revenge On Sharpe. And When The Lovely Spy, La Marquesa, Takes A Hand In The Game, Sharpe Finds Himself Caught In A Web Of Deadly Intrigue And Becomes A Fugitive, Hunted By Enemy And Ally Alike&	1994	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007235162	Sharpe's Trafalgar,Richard Sharpe and the Battle of Trafalgar, 21 October 1805	Bernard Cornwell		The Seventeenth Sharpe Novel Sees Sharpe Returning From India To London To Join The Newly Formed Green Jackets. Sharpe, Though A Little More Comfortable With His New Officer Rank, Is Sure That This New Unit Is Of Lower Status, And That He Has Failed. His Ship Home Is Shipwrecked: He Is Captured By Pirates, But Fighting Free With A Few Companions, Finds Himself On A British Navy Ship Heading To Join Nelson'S Fleet. And There, In October 1805, He Finds Himself Involved In The Great Sea Battle, And Discovers New Skills In Fighting On Sea	2006	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780006490357	Sharpe's Tiger,Richard Sharpe and the Siege of Seringapatam 1799	Bernard Cornwell		The prequel to the series, describing Sharpe's experiences in India, repackaged to tie in with the fantastic new Sharpe look. Throughout the series, there are references to Sharpe's early soldiering life in India. With the same meticulous research and attention to detail that is found in the Peninsular War books, Bernard Cornwell has sumptuously recreated the 1799 campaign against Seringapatam which made the British masters of southern India, a campaign that pitted brutalized soldiers against an ancient and splendid civilization. Sharpe, the rest of his battalion and rising star of the general staff Arthur Wellesley, are about to embark upon the siege of the island citadel of the Tippoo of Mysore, Seringapatam. The British must remove this potentate from his Tiger Throne, but he has gone to great lengths to defend his city from attack. When a senior British officer is captured by the Tippoo's forces, Sharpe is offered a chance to attempt a rescue and infiltrate the Tippoo's forces. Sharpe needs no invitation to get away from the tyrannical Sergeant Hakeswill, but once inside the dangerous world of the Tippoo he realises he will need all his wits just to stay alive, let alone save the British army from catastrophe. Set against the background of dazzling wealth, ruinous poverty, gorgeous palaces, sudden cruelty and pitiless battles, 'Sharpe's Tiger' is his greatest adventure yet.	1998-04-06	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780006173144	Sharpe's Gold,Richard Sharpe and the Destruction of Almeida, August 1810	Bernard Cornwell		Richard Sharpe And The Destruction Of Almeida, August 1810 Bold, Professional And Determined, Richard Sharpe Embarks On A Desperate Mission. He Must Recover The Treasure, Vital To The Success Of The War, Now Hidden Behind Enemy Lines. The Gold Is In The Possession Of A Powerful Guerrilla Leader, Feared By Ally And Enemy Alike. And He Has No Love For Sharpe, The Man Who Has Stolen His Woman. But Sharpe'S Fiercest Battles Lie With The British Officers, Ignorant Of His Deadly Secret And Mistrustful Of His Ruthless Methods.	1986-07-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780006176978	Sharpe's Rifles,Richard Sharpe and the French Invasion of Galicia, January 1809	Bernard Cornwell		Richard Sharpe And The French Invasion Of Galicia, January 1809. In The Bitter Winter Of 1809 The French Are Winning The War In Spain And Britain'S Forces Are Retreating Towards Corunna, With Napoleon'S Victorious Armies In Pursuit. Lieutenant Richard Sharpe And A Detachment Of Riflemen Are Cut Off From The British Army And Surrounded By Enemy Troops. Their Only Hope Of Escape Is To Accept The Help Of An Unlikely Ally, A Spanish Cavalry Officer, Major Blas Vivar. Unknown To Sharpe, The Spaniard Harbours A Desperate And Quixotic Ambition Which Will Lead To A Suicidal Assault On The Holy City Of Santiago De Compostela And A Savage Fight Agains Overwhelming French Numbers. Sharpe'S Determination Must Be Tested To Its Limit If Victory Is To Be Snatched From Disaster.	1989	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007235155	Sharpe's Prey	Bernard Cornwell		The Eighteenth Novel In This Bestselling Adventure Series Takes Richard Sharpe To Battle In Copenhagen. It Is 1807 And Lieutenant Richard Sharpe, Recently Returned To England, Is Offered A New Job: Go To Copenhagen, Help The Honourable John Lavisser Deliver A Bribe, And So Stop A War. It Seems Very Easy. But Nothing Is Easy In A Europe Stirred By French Ambitions. The Danes Possess A Battle Fleet That Could Replace Every Warship The French Lost At Trafalgar And Napoleon'S Forces Are Gathering To Take It. The British Must Stop Them. Sharpe Is Ordered To Protect Lavisser Against The French Agents Who Infest The Danish Capital. It Is A Shadow War Of Spies And Brutality In Which Sharpe Is A Sacrificial Pawn. But Sometimes Pawns Can Change The Game And Sharpe, When He Discovers A Traitor In Their Midst, Makes His Own Rules. As The Danish Army Attempts To Raise The British Siege, It Is Met By Sir Arthur Wellesley With A Force Of Redcoats And Riflemen. Copenhagen Is Doomed. In Nights Of Merciless British Bombardment, Sharpe Must Protect A Woman, Hunt His Traitor And Stay Alive.	2006-08-01	Harper						ZZZ000000
9780006165736	Sharpe's Company,Richard Sharpe and the Siege of Badajoz, January to April 1812	Bernard Cornwell		Richard Sharpe And The Siege Of Badajoz, January To April 1812 The Complete Sharpe Collection With A New Introduction By The Author It Was A Hard Winter. For Richard Sharpe It Was The Worst He Could Remember. He Had Lost His Command To A Wealthy Man A Man With Money To Buy The Promotion Sharpe Coveted. And From England Came His Oldest Enemy The Ruthless, Indestructible Hakeswill Utterly Intent On Ruining Sharpe. But Sharpe Is Determined To Change His Luck. And The Surest Way Is To Lead The Bloody Attack On The Impregnable Fortress Town Of Badajoz, A Road To Almost Certain Death Or Unimagined Glory&	1994	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007240982	As They Say in Zanzibar	David Crystal		Proverbs are fascinating in what they tell us about a culture's view of everyday life, and proverbial wisdom is a key factor in understanding different peoples and cultures. David Crystal takes us on a global tour of the world's proverbs.	2006-10-19	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007228515	211 Things a Bright Boy Can Do	Tom Cutler		211 Things a Bright Boy Can Do is the essential life-skills handbook for bright boys of every age, featuring all the subjects they don't teach you at school or Scouts. If you reached adulthood without learning the exact rules of conkers, or how to take off your pants without removing your trousers, or how to put a ship into a bottle, this is the book for you. Divided into handy sections, this fascinating volume contains easy-to-follow tutorials and priceless tips on: ? How to Be A Real Man - including how to mow the perfect lawn and how to fight a bull - with elegance; ? Weird Science and Sideshow Physics - spoon-bending, teach yourself mindreading, and how to lie on a bed of nails; ? Bracing Outdoor Activities - cowboy ropecraft, how to punt without looking a fool, how to head a ball, and how to make a boomerang come back; ? Militant Cookery - how to make your own pickled eggs, how to spit-roast and dress a suckling pig, how to make a proper pork pie; ? Parlour diversions - shadow puppets, easy tunes for the glass harmonica, and how to make a pinhole camera; ? The Human Body - how to make your hair stand on end, how to dissect a man, sumo wrestling for the beginner; ? Those Useful Subjects Not Taught at School - how to interrogate an uncooperative suspect, how to win money in a casino, and how to blag your way in philosophy, science, art, and psychology; ? Gags, cons and practical jokes - classic old and boggling new tricks, juggling, and unusual party pieces for the classroom, pub and restaurant table. Plus much, much more. This volume won't improve your morals or make you smell nice, but it will entertain and inform. So if you've always wanted to know how to tear a phone book in half, how to identify airline insignia, or the essential moves of Morris Dancing, this is the book you've been waiting for.	2006-11-09	HarperCollins Entertainment						ZZZ000000
9780007252213	Maynard & Jennica	Rudy Delson		A comic love-story, set in and around New York at the beginning of the 21st century. Maynard Gogarty is bored, with what he's not quite sure, but he's definitely bored. He's a tweed-suit-wearing, perennially glum thirty something living in a Manhattan flat secretly paid for by his crabby grandmother, and is nursing a short film career that shows no signs of development. Plus he's misanthropic and an unhappy dilettante - a real catch. But recently he's turned over a new leaf: he's decided, whatever befalls him, he's going to be happy. Enter Jennica Green, who seems to have it all: a Princeton graduate with a high-paying city job and her own apartment. But then again, she's the kind of girl who spends two weeks organising a trip to a county fair, which might explain why she is single and looks like remaining so. When Maynard glimpses this Jewish Bridget Jones on a blazingly hot subway ride, what are the odds...? Set either side of 9/11, Maynard and Jennica's courtship is narrated by our heroes and their many, many observers, among them all four parents (three living), a Russian-German-Israeli scam artist (and Maynard's current wife), a rapper with a linguistics background, a macaw, and an adolescent trumpeter. On the face of it, 'Maynard & Jennica' is about many things: a tree homicide, New York City's real estate boom, hip-hop sampling, the 1989 San Francisco earthquake, the Jewish intermarriage crisis, subway emergency brake etiquette, the tournament rules of scrabble, the naming of cats. At its heart though, this brilliant first novel with its menagerie of voices is a simple love story, as touching as it is hilarious.	2007-10-01	Fourth Estate						ZZZ000000
9780007233397	The dream thief	J. M. DeMatteis		A groundbreaking mix of fiction and full-colour comic strip that follows a headstrong girl's journey into the bizarre fictional world of Abadazad to rescue her younger brother.In 'The Dream Thief', Kate needs all the help she can get when she encounters the Lanky Man.He's mean and heartless, and he wants to steal children's dreams. Everyone seems to be against her - which only makes her more determined to find her brother. And Matt is getting closer - isn't he?	2006-10-02	HarperCollins Children's						ZZZ000000
9780007233380	The road to Inconceivable	J. M. DeMatteis		Katie and her little brother Matt have love reading about Abadazad. Then, Matt mysteriously disappears and Katie and her mother must go on without him. When, five years later, Katie discovers that Matt is alive and in Abadazad, she must go there to try to find him and bring him back.	2006	Hyperion Books for Children						ZZZ000000
9788172238124	Lashkar - Hindi	Mukul Deva		Iqbal, A Simple Muslim Boy From Aligarh, Is Lured Across The Border Into Pakistan To Join The Ranks Of The Notorious Lashkar-E-Toiba, One Of The Most Dreaded Islamist Militant Organizations In The World. Six Months Later, A Series Of Bomb Blasts Rip Through A Busy Market In New Delhi, Killing Dozens Of Innocent People. As The Police Swing Into Action, It Becomes Clear That It Isn'T Just A Terror Attack They Are Dealing With, But A Larger Conspiracy To Unseat The Government. It Is Up To The Indian Army Now, To Wait Out Events, Or Plot Its Own Lethal Revenge. A Military Thriller That Moves From New Delhi To The Line Of Control To Lahore, Lashkar Is A Gripping Tale Of Insurgency And Counterinsurgency, And The Terrible Fallout Of The Games Governments Play.		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007216857	The year of magical thinking	Joan Didion		From one of America's iconic writers, a portrait of a marriage and a life ndash; in good times and bad ndash; that will speak to anyone who has ever loved a husband or wife or child. A stunning book of electric honesty and passion. Several days before Christmas 2003, John Gregory Dunne and Joan Didion saw their only daughter, Quintana, fall ill. At first they thought it was flu, then pneumonia, then complete sceptic shock. She was put into an induced coma and placed on life support. Days later ndash; the night before New Year's Eve ndash;the Dunnes were just sitting down to dinner after visiting the hospital when John suffered a massive and fatal coronary. In a second, this close, symbiotic partnership of 40 years was over. Four weeks later, their daughter pulled through. Two months after that, arriving at LA airport, she collapsed and underwent six hours of brain surgery at UCLA Medical Centre to relieve a massive hematoma. This powerful book is Didion's 'attempt to make sense of the weeks and then months that cut loose any fixed idea I ever had about death, about illness ... about marriage and children and memory ... about the shallowness of sanity, about life itself'. The result is an exploration of an intensely personal yet universal experience: a portrait of a marriage, and a life, in good times and bad.	2006	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007250394	Zoology	Ben Dolnick		A Funny, Wise And Heartwarming Story Of A Young Man'S First Forays Into Love During A Long, Hot Summer In New York City. Henry Likes To Think Of Himself As A Promising Jazz Musician. The Truth, However, Is Slightly Less Glamorous. At 18, He Was Dropped Out Of University, Lives At Home With His Bickering Parents, And Spends Most Of His Time With The Family Dog. The Outlook, It Seems, Is Bleak. So When His Brother Offers To Put Him Up For The Summer In His New York City Apartment, Henry Leaps At The Chance To Start Living The Life Of His Dreams& But Jazz Gigs Are Not Immediately Forthcoming So Henry Lands A Job At The Central Park Children'S Zoo. Over Weeks Spent Chopping Vegetables And Shovelling Dung, His World Gradually Expands To Include A Motley Crew Of Zoo Keepers, Doormen And Animals Of Every Description. Amongst These, The Undisputed Star Is Newman, The Zoo'S Stoic Nubian Goat, In Whom Henry Confides His Growing Love For Margaret, The Girl Upstairs, Like Him In Town For The Summer. As The Months Unfolds In A Haze Of Jazz Bars, Ill-Advised Romance And Hard Truths About Family, Henry Learns What What It Is To Love And To Lose In This Hilarious, Inventive And Touching Debut Novel.	2008-04-01	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007244539	The Pot of Gold,Love Reading	Julia Donaldson		Collins Big Cat Read at Home is a series of stories by top children's authors and illustrators that children will love to read. Built-in progression within and between each level help you choose the right story to develop your child's confidence as they become independent readers. Extra activities will motivate and entertain your child. In the story The Pot of Gold, Sandy and Bonny are always arguing and nothing ever goes right for them. But one day a little man comes to stay. Would he really change their luck? ? Read the story The Pot of Gold ? Re-tell the story using mini picture prompts ? Complete a variety of interesting activities ? Make a fun theme-based project ? Get helpful tips on reading together The Love reading level is for confident readers. These books are longer and more entertaining stories that unfold gradually, often through dialogue. There are four fun books at this level.	2007	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007191321	The Winter Rose	Jennifer Donnelly		Another strong, satisfying novel, full of rich storytelling, by the author of the favourite 'The Tea Rose'. Set in London and Africa in the early days of the twentieth century, 'The Winter Rose' introduces some remarkable new characters. India Selwyn-Jones is one of the rare new breed: a lady doctor. Her family, her eligible, ambitious fiance, the male medical establishment all object but she insists on defying convention and finds a post in London's East End. There she meets a gangland boss called Sid Malone. Criminal he may be but he also has a hidden charm, and a devastatingly attractive personality, and when India is called to treat him after a dockside brawl, their friendship becomes more intense. But Sid Malone is not his real name: and he has a past and enemies by the score, including India's determined and ruthless fiance whose intention is to marry into the family money as well as becoming a leading political figure. The stormy, noisy, brawling docklands are a natural home to the political fight as the fledgling Labour Party gets underway, and the struggle for the women's vote becomes more strident. But the East End is also a place for those who have a past to hide, a new beginning to find. And so the complicated strands of betrayal and pretence, of ambition and family, are woven again into a new drama, in a new country. Jennifer Donnelly, author of 'A Gathering Light' as well as 'The Tea Rose', has a wonderful gift for sweeping storytelling, with a lively cast of vivid characters, rich and detailed backgrounds. Her writing has a warmth and energy that takes all readers completely into her world.	2006	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007244508	The Brave Baby,Love Reading	Malachy Doyle		Collins Big Cat Read at Home is a series of stories by top children's authors and illustrators that children will love to read. Built-in progression within and between each level help you choose the right story to develop your child's confidence as they become independent readers. Extra activities will motivate and entertain your child. In the story The Brave Baby, the Indian chief is brave and fierce and most people are afraid of him. But Wasso, the brave baby, is not. Find out why! ? Read the story The Brave Baby ? Re-tell the story using mini picture prompts ? Complete a variety of interesting activities ? Make a fun theme-based project ? Get helpful tips on reading together The Love reading level is for confident readers. These books are longer and more entertaining stories that unfold gradually, often through dialogue. There are four fun books at this level.	2007-01-04	Collins Educational						ZZZ000000
9780001713253	Go, Dog. Go!	Eastman		Illus. in full color. Many kinds of dogs in a variety of fun-filled activities. "The canine cartoons make an elementary text funny and coherent and still one of the best around."--"School Library Journal. "	1982	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780001713222	Are you my mother?	P. D. Eastman		ARE YOU MY MOTHER? tells a very simple story for children who have just started to read. Their younger brothers and sisters will also want to follow the baby bird's quest as he asks everyone and everything he meets, 'Are You My Mother?' 'I can read it all by myself' is the Beginner Books motto, and behind it is an understanding of how important it is for children to take pride and pleasure in their early reading. Beginner Books have been designed to appeal directly to children through the use of humour, rhyme, and bright pictures that can be 'read' even by the non-reading child. Some Beginner Books are simple stories, others are hilarious nonsense: both types have been designed to give children confidence and make them want to go on reading.	2005	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007210541	Turn Left at the Daffodils	Elizabeth Elgin		A stirring Second World War tale of love and loss set in Yorkshire from the author of The Linden Walk and A Scent of Lavender. Set during World War 2, TURN LEFT AT THE DAFFODILS tells two love stories - those of Nan and Carrie. Nan meets Charles, a gauche, young airman at a dance. Despite his stammer and inability to dance, Nan is captivated by her first romance, and takes him under her wing. When Nan learns that Charles is from the landed gentry, she refuses his offer of marriage fearing that their difference in social status will ruin their chances of happiness. But it is the war itself which seems to end any hope for them when Charles is reported missing in action, believed killed, in the skies over Germany. Carrie starts a passionate affair following a chance encounter with Todd Coverdale on a railway platform in Lincoln. When Carrie finds herself alone and pregnant after Todd disappears without explanation, her only option is to leave the ATS and move to Daffy Cottage, the home Todd inherited from his Aunt. Will either woman find happiness after being left alone at a time of war, loneliness and difficult decisions?	2007-03-29	Harper						ZZZ000000
9780007249572	Sadie	Jane Elliott		The explosive first novel from the author of the bestselling a??The Little Prisonera?? is a gripping tale of a woman whose troubled childhood comes back to haunt her. In the chill of a winter's morning, a sweet and likeable 13-year-old girl unexpectedly gives birth in the bathroom of her council flat. The baby, the product of a brutal rape by her stepfather, is whisked away to hospital and is eventually adopted by a rich suburban couple. As far as everyone is concerned, Sadie will never see the baby again. The girl, Sadie Burrows, survives her ordeal and goes on to become a successful businesswoman, famous in the media, even courted by politicians as an example of young enterprise. Then, out of the blue, there is a knock at the door. And Sadie's shameful secret comes back to haunt her. Sadie, the first novel by best selling author of a??The Little Prisonera?? Jane Elliott, is an explosive story of abuse, business, love, success, blackmail, murder and cover-up.	2007	Harper						FIC000000
9780007232093	The painted drum	Louise Erdrich		From one of the most gifted bestselling American novelists comes this elegantly crafted novel that explores the strange power that lost children exert on the memories of those they leave behind. When Faye Travers is sent to appraise a family estate in a small New Hampshire town and comes across a forgotten set of valuable Native American artefacts, she is not surprised by the discovery. It is well known that the family descends from Indian ancestors, one of whom used to work on the North Dakota Ojibwe reservation that is home to her mother's family. However, she is shocked when she finds within the collection a rare drum - an impressive, ornate yet delicate creation made out of a hollowed cedar and stretched moose skin - particularly because without even touching the instrument she hears its deep resonant sound. Following the discovery, we trace the drum's passage both backwards and forwards in time, from the reservation on the northern plains to New Hampshire and back. We hear the voice of Bernard Shaawano, an Ojibwe, who tells of how his grandfather created the drum after years of mourning his younger daughter's death and how it changes the paths of those who cross it. Through Faye, we experience her anguished relationship with a local sculptor who also mourns the loss of a daughter, and witness the life Faye has made alone with her mother, in the shadow of her sister's death. Erdich poetically captures the intricate, transformative rhythms of human grief that these losses create within her characters with grace, wit, captivating prose and surprising beauty.	2006	Harper Perennial						FIC025000
9780007270767	The Plague of Doves	Louise Erdrich		A beautiful, compelling, utterly original new novel from one of the most important American writers of our time.Pluto, North Dakota, is a town on the verge of extinction. Its unsavory origins _ which lie in white greed _ contain the seeds of its demise. Here, everybody is connected _ by love or friendship, by blood, and, most importantly, by the burden of a shared history.Evelina Harp, a witty, ambitious young girl, part Ojibwe, part white, is growing up on the reservation. She is prone to falling hopelessly in love, most notably with her cousin, Corwin Peace, a misfit with a late-discovered talent for music, and then with her teacher, Sister Maria Anita Buckendorf, a godzilla-like nun whose frank acceptance of herself is irresistible. Mooshum, Evelina's grandfather, is a seductive storyteller, a repository of family and tribal history; listening enraptured to his tales Evelina learns of a horrific crime that has marked both Ojibwe and whites, whose fates have been inextricably bound ever since. Nobody understands the weight of that crime better than Judge Antone Bazil Coutts, a half breed from Pluto, who also suffers from pains in the love department; as a judge on the reservation, he keeps watch over its inhabitants and recounts their lives with compassion and rare insight.In distinct and winning voices, Evelina and Judge Coutts unravel the intertwining stories of their families, their friends, and their lovers, the descendents of both the perpetrators and victims of the historic crime.Louise Erdrich's characteristically graceful prose and sense of the comic and the tragic sweep readers along to the surprising conclusion of this stunning novel, a portrait of the complex allegiances, passions, and drama of a haunting land and its all-too-human people.	2008-07	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007150670	Jem Sultan,The Adventures of a Captive Turkish Prince in Renaissance Europe	John Freely		The Adventures Of A Captive Turkish Prince In Renaissance Europe A Remarkable Tale Of Empire And Exile, Restoring To Vivid Life One Of The Most Extraordinary And Colourful Figures Of Medieval History. Jem Sultan, Born In 1459, Was One Of The Wonders Of His Age. A Turkish Prince Held Captive In Europe At A Time When The Ottoman Empire Was At Its Peak, He Was Renowned Throughout The Continent As A Romantic, Mysterious Figure. Today He Is Almost Forgotten In The West, But In Turkey He Is Still A Heroic Figure, A Gallant Poet-Prince Who Never Grows Old, His Tomb A Place Of Pilgrimage. Jem Sultan Was A Son Of Sultan Mehmet Ii, Known As The Conqueror After His Capture Of Constantinople In 1453. When Mehmet Died In 1481 Jem And His Brother Beyazet Fought A Year-Long War For The Succession. Jem Lost, And Fled To Rhodes. He Was Held For Seven Years In Various Castles In France, Then Imprisoned In The Vatican. He Died In 1495, Probably Poisoned By The Infamous Borgia Pope, Alexander Vi. His Body Was Finally Returned To Turkey In 1499. John Freely, Who Has Had Access To Original Documents In English, Turkish, French And Italian, Tells The Remarkable Story Of Jem Sultan From His Childhood And Youth In The Palaces Of The Ottoman Empire Through His War With His Brother And His Long Years Of Exile In Europe.	2005	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9781855385054	The art of loving	Erich Fromm		Many people are unable to love--and thus live--fully. Renowned psychoanalyst Erich Fromm has helped generations of men and women achieve rich and productive lives by developing their capacity to love. This Centennial Edition of his most enduring work, The Art of Loving, salutes the valuable lessons that are Fromm's legacy.	1995	Thorsons						ZZZ000000
9780007207619	The Shadow of Solomon,The Lost Secret of the Freemasons Revealed	Laurence Gardner		What secrets lie behind the mysterious order of the Freemasons? Published to coincide with Dan Brown's new novel set in the enigmatic world of Freemasonry, Laurence Gardner's new book draws on his experience as a Freemason to create a compelling insider's account of the startling truth behind Masonic history and secret workings of Freemasonry.Did you know that every 37th man in the UK is a Freemason? Or that the design of Washington DC includes no fewer than 30 Masonic Zodiacs?The Shadow of Solomon is perfectly timed to coincide with publication of the forthcoming novel from Da Vinci Code author, Dan Brown - The Solomon Key - which focuses on the Masonic principles that lie beneath the establishment of the United States and its constitution. But who are the Freemasons today and where did they they come from?In the Shadow of Solomon, Laurence Gardner, a Freemason himself for over 20 years, reveals the origins and hidden working of the world's most powerful secret society, as well as their crucial influence in the history of the US.Gardner's in-depth research presents a fascinating historical detective trail that leads from the most ancient records of the fraternity to modern times. This is a truly adventurous saga stretching from Noah and Moses to the elite lodge of the Knights Templars, George Washington, spies, secret agents and clandestine cabals on both sides of the Atlantic.But Gardner goes further. Stories of the biblical King Solomon and his Jerusalem Temple reside at the heart of Freemasonry, and they are reckoned to be the guardians of ancient secrets connected to the Ark of the Covenant and the Philosopher's Stone - what are these secrets that have been lost to modern Freemasons for nearly three centuries?	2006-05-11	Harper Collins Publ. UK						ZZZ000000
9788172236359	Kargil from surprise to victory	V. P. Malik		An Incisive And Hard-Hitting Narrative That Reveals The Behind-The-Scenes Activities Affecting The Kargil War. In The Garb Of Jehadi Militants, Pakistan Army Personnel Infiltrated Into The Indian Territory Of Kargil And Triggered Off A Limited Conventional War Between The World S Newest Nuclear Weapon States.The Pakistan Army Achieved A Tactical Surprise But Failed At The Strategic Level. The Outbreak Of War In Kargil Also Revealed That Pakistani Political Leadership Was Out Of Synch With The Thinking And Planning Of Its Military Brass. The Author Seeks To Analyse The Reasoning Behind The Pakistani Army S Strategy And Tactics And Also Focuses On The People Responsible. This Volume Seeks To Answer Questions Such As: What Was The Rationale For India S Grand Strategy Of Restraint Despite Being A Victim Of Aggression? How Was The War Managed? How Were Battles Planned, And Executed, To Recapture The Strategically Important High Altitude Mountaintops?	2006	HarperCollins Publishers India, a joint venture with the India Today Group						ZZZ000000
9780007234677	Unlocking the Masonic Code,The Secrets of the Solomon Key	Ian Gittins		Explores all aspects of the most talked about secret society in the world, from its most famous members to its infamous history. For centuries the Freemasonry has been the subject of rumour and intrigue. From its obscure origins to the suspicion that it exercises huge influence on government and multinational corporations, there has always been more than a whiff of controversy about the organisation. Unlocking the Masonic Code reveals the truth behind the myths, sifts the facts from the fiction, and unveils the mysterious rites and ceremonies. Ian Gittins delves deep into the true origins of the society, its philosophy and practices, describes the rituals, and profiles a number of key figures. Along the way, he also shows where fact and fiction have fought, and fiction has won the battle.	2007-05-24	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007203703	Collins Junior Illustrated Thesaurus	Evelyn Goldsmith		Collins Junior Illustrated Thesaurus is especially designed for children aged 6-8, with all the features you'd expect from the world's favourite dictionary publishers: clear, user-friendly design, up-to-the-minute vocabulary and beautifully illustrated in full colour. A must for all budding writers!	2005-06-01	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						JNF048050
9780007275991	Jumper	Steven Gould		Written In The 1990S By American Author Steven Gould, Jumper Is The Inspiration For The Film Of The Same Name To Be Released In Feb 08 And Starring Samuel L Jackson. It Tells The Story Of Davy Rice, Played By Hayden Christensen, As He Escapes His Tortured Childhood To Explore The World Via Teleportation And Find His Long Lost Mother. At Seventeen The World Is At Your Feet& Especially If You Can Teleport. David Rice Barely Remembers His Mother. She Left His Alcoholic Father When Davy Was Very Young. She Left Davy Too, And Since Then All Of William Rice'S Abusive Anger Has Been Focused On His Young Teenage Son. One Evening, As He Is About To Receive Another Brutal Beating, Davy Shuts His Eyes And Wishes To Be Safe. When He Opens Them Again, He Finds Himself In His Small Town'S Library. Slowly, He Realises He Is Very Special, He Can Teleport. Armed With His New Power, Davy Sets Out With New Purpose: He Will Leave His Abusive Home And Find His Long Lost Mother. Davy'S Confidence Grows As His Skills Do, But They Also Draw Unwanted Attention And Soon Davy Finds That He Too Is Hunted.	2008-03-01	Harper Voyager						ZZZ000000
9780007209255	Looking for Alaska	John Green		First drink, first prank, first friend, first girl, last words... A poignant and moving crossover novel about making friends and growing up from American author, John Green.Miles Halter is fascinated by famous last words - and tired of his safe, boring and rather lonely life at home. He leaves for boarding school filled with cautious optimism, to seek what the dying poet Francois Rabelais called the "Great Perhaps." Much awaits Miles at Culver Creek, including Alaska Young. Clever, funny, screwed-up, and dead sexy, Alaska will pull Miles into her labyrinth and catapult him into the Great Perhaps.Looking for Alaska brilliantly chronicles the indelible impact one life can have on another.	2006-07-03	Harper Collins Publ. UK						ZZZ000000
9780007272129	Pony Club Secrets :Blaze & Dark Rider	Stacygregg		The Second Adventure In This Fresh, Fun And Accessible New Series Perfect For All Pony-Loving Girls Out There. Issie And Her Friends Have Been Picked To Represent The Chevalier Point Pony Club At The Interclub Gold Shield The Biggest Competition Of The Year. It S Time To Get Training! But When Equipment Is Sabotaged And One Of The Riders Is Injured, Issie And Her Friends Are Determined To Find Out Who S To Blame. With A Little Help From Issie S Old Pony Mystic, Maybe They Can Solve The Mystery& Another Action-Packed Adventure From The Chevalier Point Pony Club.	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007214389	Universe,The Story of the Universe, from Earliest Times to Our Continuing Discoveries	Peter Grego		An introduction to the universe covering everything from the big bang and our understanding of the universe over time, to the earth's formation, the Sun and how it affects us, the Moon and planets, black holes and galaxies.The companion volume to 'need to know? Stargazing' by the same author, this book focuses on the basic history and science of the universe, rather than on the practical sky watching aspects. It includes information on:- Outrageous philosophy: weird notions and early ideas about the Universe including ancient Egyptian and Greek cosmology- How the universe began: creation theories and the expanding Universe. Grego compresses the history of the universe into a year, from the Big Bang to the formation of the Sun and the appearance of life, and humans- The Earth's formation and the origin of the Moon- The structure and composition of planet and the atmosphere, volcanoes, mountain formation and geological catastrophes; past, present and future- The Solar System- Star types and their formation, development and demise- Types of galaxy- Professional instruments, research and space observatoriesIn particular, 'Collins need to know? Universe' also asks what we know about the future: the future of man, and space travel. Will we be able to colonize planets? Will the universe expand or crunch, and could there be alternative universes out there	2006-07-03	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						SCI015000
9788172237622	Enslaved The New Slavery ( Pb )	Rahila Gupta		The Defining Feature Of Modern-Day Slavery Is Imprisonment Physical, Emotional, Psychological And Financial Often Sustained Through Violence Or The Threat Of It. Current Immigration Legislation In The Uk Plays A Central Role In Keeping People Trapped In Slavery Because An Individual Is Powerless While Her Immigration Status Is In The Hands Of Someone Else. In This Compelling And Persuasive Book That Examines The Complex Subject Of Immigration, And Its Connection To Modern-Day Slavery, Rahila Gupta Seeks Out Five Former Slaves Who Had Been Trafficked, Smuggled Or Duped Into The Uk, And Helps Them To Tell Us Their Stories. We Meet A Pregnant Child From Sierra Leone Who Was Locked Up In A London House As A Domestic Slave; A Russian Teenager Trafficked Into Prostitution; A Chinese Man, Living In Fear Of The Triads; A Religious Somali Woman Who Had To Promise Sex In Order To Eat; And A Young Punjabi Woman Forced Into Marriage And Repeatedly Abused By Her Husband. Living In Fear Of Being Sent Back To Conditions Of War, Persecution, Sexual Oppression Or Grinding Poverty, These Hapless Immigrants Come To The Uk Only To Find That Their Passports Are In The Hands Of Their Oppressors And That The World Of Freedom And Equal Opportunity They Have Escaped To Is, In Fact, A Deadly Trap&		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172238766	Badli Hui Duniya	Gyan Prakash Vivek		A motley collection of modern stories about the temperaments, jargons and manners of parlance of a society caught in a cross of changes. They echo the restive questions and confusions of our times. While Club, Dashte-e-tanhai and Tehree transport us to the wilderness of psychological and social isolation, Chabi, Gussa and Kursi are a perfect blend of the fantastic and the real. Governess, Salesman, and Car draw on the thought		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007181285	Adverbs	Daniel Handler		A dramatic meditation on love both fleeting and everlasting, 'Adverbs' is a serious work of fiction by one of today's most innovative voices, and famed author of the 'Lemony Snicket' series. 'Adverbs' marks the return of Daniel Handler to adult fiction as he tackles life's most complicated and compelling noun: love. In a series of intersecting narratives that explore variations of that ineffable feeling, Handler crafts a moving and shifting story exploring the frustrating glory of this most troublesome of emotions. Two friends, one dying and one lonely; an adolescent's first homosexual stirrings for his sister's boyfriend; a doomed, enormously inappropriate tryst between a taxi driver and his passenger; a high-school crush that falls painfully short of a movie projected on a grungy screen. Handler's characters experience love in all of its dark, triumphant, devastating and sneaky forms. In 'Adverbs', Daniel Handler reveals to us how the most universal of themes is also the most unknown. 'Love was in the air, so both of us walked through love on our way to the corner. We breathed it in, particularly me.'	2007-04-02	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007234202	Ida B	Katherine Hannigan		Poignant tale of a 9-year-old girl's emotional journey after her idyllic life is shattered by her mother's illness. Ida B's life is perfect: she is home-schooled by loving parents on a beautiful farm with its own orchard, creek and mountain (well, a pile of earth too tall to be called a hill). Left to her own devices in this rural haven, she talks to the trees in the orchard and sends miniature rafts down the creek, to which she attaches notes like "What is life like in Canada? Please respond". But the idyll is shattered when Ida B's mother develops cancer. Her father is forced to stop home-schooling her - and to sell the orchard to a property developer. Feeling angry and betrayed, Ida B rebels in every way she can think of - until a young teacher at her new school shows her how to open her heart to others...	2007-04-02	HarperCollins Childrens						ZZZ000000
9780007205783	Aquarium Fish	Don Harper		This practical, easy-to-use guide is essential reading for anyone who owns, or is thinking of investing in, an aquarium. It's packed with specially-commissioned colour photographs and provides all the information you need to know in a concise and accessible way.Thinking of buying an aquarium but not sure which one to choose? Want to know which fish to buy? Or which heating system to go for?This book will answer all your questions, and many, many more. From setting up your aquarium and caring for your fish, to recognising signs of illness and establishing a breeding set-up, Collins need to know? Aquarium Fish is the one-stop guide to this fascinating subject. It also contains a definitive and fully illustrated directory of fish profiles.Contents include:Part 1: Your aquariumAcquiring, keeping and understanding fishChoosing a tankUnderstanding the 'extras': heating, lighting, filters, gravel and rock workCreating a planting scheme of real or artificial plantsDirectory of aquatic plantsSetting up and maintaining the tankAdding water and fish to the tankPart 2: Fish profilesEach entry contains the name of the fish, a colour photograph and a general introduction with notes on differences between males and females, breeding, special needs and habits.Part 3: Caring for your fishKeeping your fish healthyFoods and feedingRecognising and preventing diseaseBreeding and rearing	2006-05-02	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007284368	"Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa" - Movie Storybook	No Author		Join Your Favourite Zoosters In This Beautifully Illustrated Movie Storybook, Especially For Younger Fans Of The Hit Movie, Madagascar: The Crate Escape. Alex, Marty, Gloria And Melman Are Leaving Madagascar Behind And Heading Back To The Zoo! But Will They Make It? On A Plane Piloted By Penguins And Manned By Monkeys, The Zoosters Crash Land On The African Savannah, A Long Way From The Home They Knew In New York City. As The Gang Meet Other Animals Just Like Them, They Start To Wonder If Africa Could Be Home. But Things Are Never As Simple As They Seem And The City Friends Find They'Re Having Trouble Fitting In. Find Out Whether Or Not The Four Friends Stick It Out Or Head For Home In This Fun Movie Storybook	2008-10-20	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007219827	Nemesis,The Battle for Japan, 1944-45	Max Hastings		"In 1944-45, the war against Japan embraced the most remarkable cast of statesmen and commanders the world has ever seen: Churchill, Roosevelt, and Stalin; Nimitz, MacArthur, Mountbatten, Slim, LeMay; Chiang Kai-shek and Mao Zedong. The drama which ended in Japan's utter defeat was acted out across the vast stage of Asia. Battles by land, sea and air extended over millions of square miles: Imphal and Kohima, Leyte Gulf and Iwo Jima, Okinawa and the B-29 fire-bombing offensive against Japan's cities, the great Soviet assault on Manchuria." "Max Hastings has written Nemesis as a counterpart to Armageddon, his bestselling saga of the 1944-45 struggle for Germany. Once again, he matches the story of command decisions, rivalries and follies with the experiences of British, American, Russian, Chinese and Japanese soldiers, sailors and airmen, fighting some of the bloodiest campaigns of the war amid heat, disease, privation and against a merciless enemy. He has interviewed extensively in Asia to tell the story of China's war, which cost at least fifteen million lives yet is almost unknown in the West. Modern China's bitterness towards Japan is rooted in the horrors which Hirohito's armies inflicted upon the Chinese people between 1931 and 1945." "With the aid of scores of eyewitness accounts, Hastings portrays the Russian onslaught of August 1945, in which Stalin launched 1.5 million men against the Japanese, to gain the territorial booty promised to him at Yalta. The book describes Slim's brilliant 1945 campaign in Burma, which Churchill never wanted to fight. The British and Indian armies achieved a sunset Victory for the Empire - but one their commanders knew could contribute nothing to Japan's defeat." "Here are word-portraits of the ordeals of American sailors in the great a battles which destroyed the Japanese Imperial Navy, alongside tales of communist Chinese guerrillas, Japanese fighter pilots, British soldiers sweating in the jungles of Burma, Tokyo families facing incineration by firestorm. Nemesis weaves together the complex strands of an epic which stretched across a continent and many nations, in three dimensions, embracing some of the most terrible human experiences of twentieth century."--BOOK JACKET.	2007-10-11	HarperPress						ZZZ000000
9780007271023	Chicken	Donna Hay		Featuring 60 beautiful recipes, this is the only chicken cookbook you_ll ever need._It_s far from accidental that chicken is one of the most popular meats on today_s table. It_s affordable, quick and easy to prepare, and lends itself to a host of flavours and cooking techniques. Poaching, steaming, frying and roasting take you throught the gamut of textures from comfort-food tender to crisp and crunchy._Written in Donna Hay_s inimitable style and illustrated throughout with mouth-watering photographs, this worldwide tour of chicken recipes from different cultures shows how easy it is to elevate an everyday food to the realm of the extraordinary.	2008-02-04	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						CKB067000
9780007218653	Just another kid	Torey L. Hayden		A dramatic and remarkable narrative of an extraordinary teacher's determination, from the author of the Sunday Times bestsellers 'Tiger's Child' and 'One Child'.Torey Hayden faced six emotionally troubled kids no other teacher could handle - three recent arrivals from battle-torn Northern Ireland, badly traumatised by the horrors of war; an eleven-year-old boy, who knew life inside an institution; an excitable girl, aggressive and sexually precocious at the age of eight; and seven-year-old Leslie, perhaps the most hopeless of all, unresponsive and unable to speak. But Torey's most daunting challenge turns out to be Leslie's mother, a stunning young doctor who soon discovers that she needs Torey's love and help just as much as the children.'Just Another Kid' is a beautiful illustration of nurturing concern, not only for a few emotionally disturbed children, but for one woman facing a personal battle.	2006-06-05	HarperElement						ZZZ000000
9780007213726	Thomas Jefferson,Author of America	Christopher Hitchens		Leading journalist and social critic Christopher Hitchens offers a startlingly new and provocative interpretation of America's founding father, situating Jefferson within the context of America's evolution and tracing his legacy over the past two hundred years. Whether in politics, literature, science, or the arts, the subjects of this dynamic series of brief biographies have shaped our picture of the world. The authors' strong sensibilities and sharp, lively points of view make us see that picture in a totally new way. The key to the 'Eminent Lives' series is the pairing of author and subject: distinguished writers on figures central to world culture. An eloquent writer, Thomas Jefferson was an awkward public speaker and a reluctant candidate; nevertheless he left an indelible presidential legacy. He penned the Declaration of Independence and acted as Minister to France yet yearned for a quieter career in the Virginia legislature. Predicting that slavery would shape the future of America's development, this professed proponent of emancipation elided the issue in the Declaration and continued to own human property. In the background of this sophisticated analysis is a large historical drama: the fledgling nation's struggle for independence, formed in the crucible of the eighteenth-century Enlightenment, and, in its shadow, the deformation of that struggle in the excesses of the French Revolution. This artful portrait of a formative figure and a turbulent era poses a challenge to anyone interested in world history and the ambiguities of human nature.	2007-03-05	HarperCollins						BIO011000
9780007156382	God's Secret Agents,Queen Elizabeth's Forbidden Priests and the Hatching of the Gunpowder Plot	Alice Hogge		A thrilling account of treachery, loyalty and martyrdom in Elizabethan England from an exceptional new writer.As darkness fell on the evening of Friday, 28 October 1588, just weeks after the defeat of the Spanish Armada, two young Englishmen landed in secret on a Norfolk beach. They were Jesuit priests. Their aim was to achieve by force of argument what the Armada had failed to do by force of arms: return England to the Catholic Church.Eighteen years later their mission had been shattered by the actions of a small group of terrorists, the Gunpowder Plotters; they themselves had been accused of designing 'that most horrid and hellish conspiracy'; and the future of every Catholic they had come to save depended on the silence of an Oxford joiner, builder of priest-holes, being tortured in the Tower of London.'God's Secret Agents' tells the story of Elizabeth's 'other' England, a country at war with an unseen enemy, a country peopled - according to popular pamphlets and Government proclamations - with potential traitors, fifth-columnists, and assassins. And it tells this story from the perspective of that unseen 'enemy', England's Catholics, a beleaguered, alienated minority, struggling to uphold its faith.Ultimately 'God's Secret Agents' is the story of men who would die for their cause undone by men who would kill for it.	2006	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007137541	Sahib,The British Soldier in India 1750-1914	Richard Holmes		'Sahib' is a broad and sweeping military history of the British soldier in India, but its focus, like that of Tommy and Redcoat before it, will be on the men who served in India and the women who followed them across that vast and dusty continent, bore their children, and, all too often, mopped their brows as they died. The book begins with the remarkable story of India's rise from commercial enclave to great Empire, from Clive's victory of Plassey, through the imperial wars of the 18th-century and the Afghan and Sikh Wars of the 1840s, through the bloody turmoil of the Mutiny, and the frontier campaigns at the century's end. With its focus on the experience of ordinary soldiers, 'Sahib' explains to us why soldiers of the Raj had joined the army, how they got to India and what they made of it when they arrived. The book examines Indian soldiering in peace and war, from Kipling's 'snoring barrack room' to storming parties assaulting mighty fortresses, cavalry swirling across open plains, and khaki columns inching their way between louring hills. Making full use of extensive and often neglected archive material in the India Office Library and National Army Museum, 'Sahib' will do for the British soldier in India - whether serving a local ruler, forming part of the Indian army, or soldiering with a British regiment - what 'Tommy' has done for the ordinary soldier in World War I.-- publisher.	2006	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007240029	What to Do with Your Digital Photos	Patrick Hook		All the ideas and tips you need to make the most of your digital photos. Over three billion digital photos are sitting on hard discs in the UK alone - yet the potential they contain remains largely unfulfilled, and many are in danger of being lost forever if a computer crashes. This is the next step for digital photographers: they have bought a camera; they have taken some photos; now they want to do something with them. This book is full of practical and creative ideas that will appeal to the beginner and the experienced photographer alike. So whether you want to remove an ex-partner from your photos, use your images to make brilliant gifts, create a stunning digital scrapbook or DVD slideshow, or sell your images to make money, this book has all the ideas, tips and answers you will need.	2007-03-22	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						PHO024000
9788172238728	Shikar	Hridayesh		An old man travels from the Bombay of his time to the Mumbai of his son's time. In the ever burgeoning, consumerist and irreverent city where time stops for none, he begins to miss the absence of cuckoos in a park that had existed once in the neighbourhood. The opening story in this collection Shikar sets the tone for the vignettes that follow rendered in voices that marvel at the changes that overcome people and places in transit from one generation to another.	2009	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9781841153742	Short Life and Long Times of Mrs Beeton	Kathryn Hughes		We Each Of Us Strive For Domestic Bliss, And We May Look To Delia And Nigella To Give Us Tips On Achieving The Unattainable. Kathryn Hughes, Acclaimed For Her Biography Of George Eliot, Has Pulled Back The Curtains To Look At The Creator Of The Ultimate Book On Keeping House. In Victorian England What Did Every Middle-Class Housewife Need To Create The Perfect Home? 'The Book Of Household Management'. 'Oh, But Of Course!' Mrs Beeton Would No Doubt Declare With Brisk Authority. But Mrs Beeton Is Not Quite The Matronly Figure That Has Kept Her Name Resonating 150 Years After The Publication Of 'The Book Of Household Management'. The Famous Pages Of Carefully Costed Recipes, Warnings About Not Gossiping To Visitors, And Making Sure You Always Keep Your Hat On In Someone Else'S House Were Indispensable In The Moulding Of The Victorian Domestic Bliss. But There Are Many Myths Surrounding The Legend Of Mrs Beeton. It Is Very Possible That Her Book Was Given So Much Social Standing Through Fear As She Was Believed To Be A Bit Of An Old Dragon. It Seems Though That Mrs Beeton Was A Series Of Contradictions. Kathryn Hughes Reveals Here That Bella Beeton Was A Million Miles Away From The Stoical, Middle-Aged Matron. She Was In Fact Only 25 Years Old When She Created The Guide To Successful Family Living And Had Only Had Five Years Experience Of Her Own To Inform Her. She Lived In A Semi-Detached House In Pinner With The Bare Minimum Of Servants. She Bordered On Being A Workaholic, And Certainly Wasn'T The Meek And Mild Little Wife That Her Book Was Aimed At More A Highly Intelligent And Ambitious Young Woman. After Preaching About Wholesome And Clean Living, Bella Beeton Died At The Age Of 28 From (Contrary To Her Parent'S Belief) Bad Hygiene. Kathryn Hughes Sympathetically Explores The Irony Behind Bella Beeton'S Public And Private Image In This Highly Readable And Informative Study Of Victorian Lifestyle.	2006-07-27	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007233922	Wolf of the Plains	Conn Iggulden		Conn Iggulden burst onto the scene with Emperor, his series on Julius Caesar. His new novel, Wolf of Plains, is the much anticipated beginning of the Conqueror series on Genghis Khan and his descendants. It is a wonderful, epic story which Conn Iggulden brings brilliantly to life.	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007220922	Collins internet-linked dictionary of astronomy	Valerie Illingworth		The third edition of the popular and authoritative Collins Dictionary of Astronomy, fully revised for 2006.This new edition has been extensively revised by a team of astronomers to take into account all recent discoveries, from a new planet in the solar system to the latest theories on the origin of the universe.	2006-06-05	Collins						ZZZ000000
9788172238759	Hawa Ki Mohtaaz Kyun Rahoon	Indu Jain		Hawa Ki Mohtaj Kyun Rahoon is a posthumous collection of Indu Jain`s poems. It opens up to the reader a fascinating realm of poetic experience. The poems in this volume have been picked up from Indu Jain`s existing nine books and some unpublished work, and are redolent of the poet`s lust for life.		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007192588	The awful end of prince William the silent,the first assassination of a head of State with a handgun	Lisa Jardine		A brilliantly detailed and gripping account of the assassination in 1584 of Prince William of Orange, and the shockwaves it sent through an age.The illustrious Making History Series, edited by Lisa Jardine and Amanda Foreman, explores an eclectic mix of history's tipping points. In 'The Awful End of Prince William the Silent', series editor Lisa Jardine explores the historical ramifications of just such a instance, the first assassination of a head of state with a hand-held gun. The shooting of Prince William of Orange in the hallway of his Delft residence in July 1584 by a French Catholic - the second attempt on his life - had immediate political consequences: it was a serious setback for the Protestant cause in the Netherlands, as its forces fought for independence from the Catholic rule of the Hapsburg empire. But, as Jardine brilliantly illustrates, its implications for those in positions of power were even more far-reaching, as the assassination heralded the arrival of a lethal new threat to the security of nations - a pistol that could be concealed and used to deadly effect at point-blank range.Queen Elizabeth I, William's close Protestant ally, was devastated by his death and thrown into panic; in the aftermath of William's death, legislation was enacted in the English parliament making it an offence to bring a pistol anywhere near a royal palace. Elizabeth's terror was not misplaced - as Jardine observes, this assassination was the first in a long and bloody line including those of Abraham Lincoln in 1865 and Archduke Ferdinand in 1914 and is all too relevant today.	2006	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007240838	All Aunt Hagar's Children	Edward P. Jones		The 2004 Pulitzer Prize Winner for Fiction returns with a collection of 14 short stories, rife with characters who will stay with you well beyond the last page Edward P. Jones, the bestselling and prize-winning author of 'The Known World', returns to the form that first inspired him - the short story In this collection, Jones returns to the city that inspired his first book, 'Lost in the City'. This is the story of Washington DC, a city full of bustling life, bursting forth from the banks of the swampy Potomac. These are the stories of the city's ordinary inhabitants, its labourers and lawyers, sailors and nuns, children and pensioners - people who in Jones's masterful hands emerge as fully human and morally complex. Casting his net wide, Jones explores the American Dream on an epic canvas, from the dawn of the twentieth century until modern times. His memorable cast of characters find themselves caught between the old ways of the agricultural America of their past and the temptations of the big city, struggling against the inequities locked within slavery's legacy. Both witty and poignant, touching and shocking, this collection is sure to make a lasting impression and further confirm Jones as aone of the masters of the genre.	2007	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780006552437	Language of the Genes	Steve Jones		This study is an attempt to bring genetics and evolution more into the public domain. It looks at genetic engineering and the social issues it raises, as well as considerations of cultural, demographic and linguistic history.	2000	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780007261833	Saving planet Earth,what is destroying the earth and what you can do to help	Tony Juniper		Published to coincide with a major BBC1 TV series, this book combines stunning images with ways you can help to save planet earth for future generations.	2007-07-19	Collins						ZZZ000000
9788172237325	Indian Army Vision 2020	Gurmeet Kanwal		Indian Army: Vision 2020 Examines The Threats And Their Changing Nature, Identifies The Key Operational Commitments, Makes A Comparative Analysis Of How Other Modern Armies Are Coping And Offers A Considered Guide Map For A Modern Fighting Force That Is Light, Lethal And Wired To Meet The Operational Challenges Of The 21St Century. This Is A Scholar-Warrior'S View Of The Nation'S Defence Preparedness, Especially That Of The Army, Born Of Experience And A Close Study Of The Security Environment And How It Is Changing.	2008-03-01	HarperCollins Publishers, India a joint venture with the India Today Group						ZZZ000000
9780007268658	Past Secrets	Cathy Kelly		The women of Summer Street have their fair share of secrets and soon learn that if you keep a secret too long it will creep out when you least expect ita?| The warm and moving new novel from the No. 1 Bestselling author of Always and Forever. Keep a secret too long and it will creep out when you least expect ita?| Behind the shining windows and rose-bedecked gardens of Summer Street, there are lots of secrets. Therea??s the one that hard-working single mother, Faye, hides from her teenage daughter, Amber. And therea??s the one that thirty-year-old Maggie hides from herself. When fiery Amber decides to throw away her future for love, and when Maggie ends up back home looking after her sick mother, their secrets begin to bubble over. The only person on Summer Street who appears to know all the answers is their friend Christie. Wise and kind, she can see into other peoplea??s hearts to solve their problems. Except that this time, the secrets shea??s hidden from her beloved husband and grown up sons suddenly reappear. When the past comes alive for Maggie, Faye and Christie, they finally have to face it.	2008-08-05	Harper						FIC045000
9788172237936	Rajah King Of The Jungle	Balraj Khanna		Rajah And Ananta The Mighty Tiger And The Venomous King Cobra Have Learnt To Live Together In Harmony. Their Common Enemy Is Man, Whose Greed And Ruthlessness Drive Him To Kill For Profit. Sought After For His Colourful Coat, Rajah The Tiger May Be Possessed Of Immense Strength, But He Is Impetuous And Careless. He Often Has To Be Saved By The Humbler But More Resourceful Jungle Folk Such As Lil Squi And Chuhi. Hathi, The Wise Old Elephant, Loombar, The Smooth-Tongued Fox, And Magar, The Giant Crocodile, Are Some Of The Other Endearing Characters Who Inhabit The Unforgettable World Created For Us In These Tales For Young Readers.		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007252114	The Good Guy	Dean Koontz		Timothy Carrier, 30, a mason, has a dry sense of humour. Tim's friend, Rooney, owns a workingman's bar, Lamplighter Tavern, where the eccentric customers inspire Tim's deadpan wit. On a Monday evening, the bar is nearly deserted. A nervous man, about Tim's own age, sits down one stool from Tim, orders a beer. He glances at Tim, then asks, 'Are you him?' His sense of fun engaged, Tim says, 'Who else would I be?' Tim's game is to sustain an oblique conversation until the stranger realizes his mistake. But the man slides a fat manila envelope along the bar. 'Half of it's there. The rest when she's gone.' Another stranger, an intense-looking man, again about Tim's age, enters the bar, looks around, comes towards Tim, and sits where the first stranger sat. He orders a beer. He says nothing. Tim says nothing. The guy glances at the manila envelope. He's the man who was supposed to get the envelope. He thinks Tim wants to hire him to kill the woman! Shaken, thinking fast, Tim says he's had a change of heart. He removes the picture of the woman from the envelope, puts it aside, closes the envelope, passes it to the stranger. 'Half what we agreed - for doing nothing. Call it a no-kill fee.'	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007244430	The Little Egg,Discover Reading	Tanya Landman		Collins Big Cat Read at Home is a series of stories by top children's authors and illustrators that children will love to read. Built-in progression within and between each level help you choose the right story to develop your child's confidence as they become independent readers. Extra activities will motivate and entertain your child. In the story The Little Egg, 'A little egg was in its nest. Pick! Peck! Pock!' Find out what happens to the little egg next! ? Read the story The Little Egg ? Re-tell the story using mini picture prompts ? Complete a variety of interesting activities ? Make a fun theme-based project ? Get helpful tips on reading together The Discover reading level is for developing readers. These books have simple but varied text with a basic story development. There are four fun books at this level.	2007-01-04	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007170722	Troll Fell	Katherine Langrish		'Troll Fell', is an adventure-filled tale of Peer, his evil uncles, treasure and wicked trolls.|PB	2005	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007170753	Troll Mill	Katherine Langrish		Sequel to the highly-acclaimed Troll Fell, this is just as exciting, dramatic and atmospheric. But watch out! You never know what sneaky creatures are lurking in the shadows of Troll Mill, waiting to jump out at you... "With a piercing squeal - with an anguished wooden groan - with a roar of muffled waters - Troll Mill woke from its sleep..." For three years Troll Mill has stood empty, and Peer Ulfsson has found a home with his friend Hilde. But in the shadows of eerie Troll Fell, surrounded by sly and mischievous creatures, life doesn't remain peaceful for long... Returning from a hard day's fishing, and with a violent storm brewing, Peer watches horror-struck as his friend Kersten rushes to the shore - thrusting her young baby into his arms - and throws herself into the sea. Struggling home with the baby, Peer passes the old mill, once owned by his wicked uncles, and sees the millwheel turning! But it has been derelict for years... Who or what could be lurking in the shadows? This exciting, atmospheric novel from rising star, Katherine Langrish, mixes adventure with folklore monsters to create a brilliantly creepy sequel to Troll Fell.	2006-10-02	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007215195	The Rescue	Kathryn Lasky		The owls of Ga'Hoole return in the third book of the series ready to battle new and far more dangerous threats. Based on Katherine Lasky's work with owls, this adventures series is bound to be a hit with kids. Join the owls in their quest to safeguard the owl kingdom from the encroaching evil!Out of the darkness a hero will rise...Ever since Soren was kidnapped and taken to the St Aegolius School for Orphaned Owls, he has longed to see his sister Eglantine again. Now Eglantine is back in Soren's life, but she's been through an ordeal too terrible for words. And Ezylryb, Soren's mentor, has disappeared. Deep within Soren's gizzard, something more powerfulthan knowledge tells him there's a connection between these events.In order to rescue Ezylryb, Soren must embark upon a perilous quest. It will bring him face to face with a force more dangerous than anything the rulers of St Aggie's could have devised - a truth that threatens to destroy the owl kingdom.	2006	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007230686	What does China think?	Mark Leonard		An invigorating book about the debates raging within China. We all know about the fast pace of change in this country. This book brings us the ideas being fought over in the country itself a?? from democracy to the idea of a a??peaceful risea??. It challenges all of our assumptions about China. We know everything and nothing about China. We know that China is changing so fast that the maps in Shanghai need to be rewritten every two weeks. We know that China has brought 300 million people from agricultural backwardness into modernity in just 30 years (something that took 200 years in Europe). Chinaa??s voracious appetite for resources is gobbling up 40% of the worlda??s cement., 40% of its coal, 30% of its steel, and 12% of its energy. It has become so integrated into the global economy that its prospects have immediate effects on our everyday lives: simultaneously doubling the cost of the London Olympics while halving the cost of our computers; keeping the US economy afloat but sinking the Italian footwear industry. We have an image of China as a dictatorship; a nationalist empire that threatens its neighbours and global peace. But how many people know about the debates raging within China? What do we really know about the kind of society China wants to become? What ideas are motivating its citizens? We can name Americaa??s Neo-Cons and the religious right, but cannot name Chinese writers, thinkers or journalists a?? what is the future they dream of for their country, or the world it is shaping? Because Chinaa??s rise a?? like the fall of Rome or the British Raj a?? will echo down generations to come, these are the questions we increasingly need to ask. Mark Leonard asks us to forget everything we thought we knew about China and start again. He introduces us to the thinkers that are shaping Chinaa??s wide open future and opens up a hidden world of intellectual debate that is driving a new Chinese revolution and changing the face of the world.	2008	Fourth Estate						ZZZ000000
9780006552307	The sweetest dream	Doris Lessing		It's the morning of the sixties and it's suppertime at Freedom Hall, a household in North London. Frances Lennox stands at her stove, bringing another feast to readiness before ladling it out to the motley, youthful crew assembled around her hospitable table. Around them are ranged their schoolfriends and girlfriends and ex-friends and new friends fresh off the street. The feast begins. Everything is being changed and being challenged. And here in this kitchen, the nutritious tolerance can be sniffed. Over there in the corner is Frances' ex-husband, Comrade Johnny, who delivers his rousing tirades, then laps up the adolescent adulation while he laps up his soup, before disappearing into the night to evade the clutches of his responsibilities. Upstairs sits Johnny's exiled mother, funding all, but finding she can embrace only one lost little girl. And will the Africans tolerate? These are the people dreaming the Sixties into being and the people who on the morning after all that dreaming, woke to find they were the ones taxed with clearing up and making good.	2002-07-01	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780006547198	Shikasta,re: colonised Planet 5 : personal, psychological, historical documents relating to visit by Johor (George Sherban) Emissary (Grade 9) 87th of the Last Period of the Last Days	Doris May Lessing		The first in Doris Lessing's visionary novel cycle Canopus in Argos: Archives . It is a mix of fable, futuristic fantasy and pseudo-documentary accounts of 20th-century history.	1994	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780586089996	A proper marriage	Doris Lessing		An unconventional woman trapped in a conventional marriage, Martha Quest struggles to maintain her dignity and her sanity through the misunderstandings, frustrations, infidelities, and degrading violence of a failing marriage. Finally, she must make the heartbreaking choice of whether to sacrifice her child as she turns her back on marriage and security. "A Proper Marriage" is the second novel in Doris Lessing' s classic Children of Violence series of novels, each a masterpiece on its own right, and, taken together, an incisive and all-encompassing vision of our world in the twentieth century.	1990	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780006548256	Under my skin,volume one of my autobiography, to 1949	Doris Lessing		Autobiografie van de Britse schrijfster over de periode tot 1949.	1995	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780007285518	On Cats	Doris Lessing		"The cats that have shared Doris Lessing's life have characters as vivid as any person: ragbag Rufus, beautiful Charles, the unequalled El Magnifico. First intrigued by the wild creatures on the African farm where she grew up, Lessing's fascination with felines was nurtured by the handsome domesticated creatures who inhabited her flats in London, and grew into real love with the awkwardly lovable El Magnifico, the last cat to share her home." "Bringing together the celebrated stories, Particularly Cats and Rufus the Survivor, and the memoir, The Old Age of El Magnifico, this book brilliantly evokes the subtleties of feline existence and convinces us of the reasons why cats really matter."--BOOK JACKET.	2008-10-20	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007258352	"Prince Caspian" Movie Storybook	Clive Staples Lewis		The Chronicles Of Narnia Return To The Silver Screen In Summer 2008 With The Eagerly Awaited Prince Caspian! Prince Caspian Is In Terrible Danger When His Wicked Uncle, King Miraz, Decides To Get Rid Of The Young Heir To The Throne. In Desperation, Caspian Blows The Magic Horn, Calling On Peter, Susan, Lucy And Edmund In Narnia S Hour Of Need. Now A Major Movie From The Makers Of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch And The Wardrobe, This Movie Storybook Brings The Thrilling Story To Life With Full Colour Movie Stills!	2008-05-06	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007232802	Sunbathing in the rain,a cheerful book about depression	Gwyneth Lewis		101 Ways to Climb out of the Slough of Despondency a literary guide (part memoir, part companion) to coming through depression. 'Depression is internal snow. Black snow. The flakes whirl around like motes in the water around your personal shipwreck. The quicker you dive down to see your sorry state, the better for you in life. For above you, if only you can reach it without getting the bends, are sunshine, laughter on a yacht, the clink of plates as a lunch of steaming fish is handed round.' Whilst the overall structure of 'Sunbathing in the Rain' moves from dark to light, telling the story of Lewis's recovery, its different strands allow a variety of tones and subjects to be explored, from the profound to the frivolous. Alongside a paragraph about the proper relationship between the ego, the mind and the emotions nestles a passage on the therapeutic value of nail varnish. Practical hints on how to get better (diet, read Hello!, helpful pieces of music) are alongside striking quotations, ranging from sentences on crisp packets, to prayers, from Russian orthodox writings on silence to collections of slang. Part memoir drawing on her own experiences, both adverse and encouraging, as a depressive and an alcoholic and part guide or companion, this book brings Burton's 'Anatomy of Melancholy' into the twenty-first century. For it will have two voices, one calling from the valley of despair, the other from a safer, calmer new place. The suffering depressive needs help from outside his or her own consciousness, a radical new perspective that makes life possible again. This unique book offers it.	2006-10-26	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007242009	Magic for Beginners	Kelly Link		in this dazzling collection, prize-winning short story writer Kelly Link takes the ordinary and makes it strange - and the strange and makes it ordinary. Engaging, funny, eerie and magical, these nine stories prove Link to be an original and important talent. Of all the books you read this year, this will be the one that you remember. Taking themes from horror and fantasy, these stories transform them into the stuff of delicate lyrical fantasy, with a distinctive and effervescent blend of humour and pathos. in 'Stone Animals', a middle-class family moves from Manhattan to a beautiful house in the suburbs. Almost immediately, their belongings become haunted, and they are increasingly unnerved by the growing hordes of rabbits that camp out nightly on the front lawn. The title story follows a group of adolescent schoolfriends whose experiences subtly parallel events in a surreal TV fantasy series which switches channels and times at whim. in 'The Hortlak', an all-night convenience store serves zombies as an experiment in retail; while 'The Faery Handbag' features a village which takes refuge from time to time in a magical handbag. Bold, tender, mischievous and unsettling, Link's stories have the inisistent quality of dreams and show a writer at the height of her powers.	2007-02-05	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007360932	Power Trip	Amanda Little		From Oil Wells to Solar Cells--Our Ride to the Renewable Future In this fresh and gutsy analysis, Amanda Little lays bare America's energy past, present and future and shows how the innovatory designs that got it to its current energy crisis will actually save it from ruin. 'We're about to see a revolution in the way we live, fundamental changes to the way our homes work, the way our cars move, the way we grow our food, distribute our products, the way we make and recycle plastics.' - Amanda Little In this adventurous, jargon free, optimistic book, Amanda Little - tipped as 'the new voice of green' by Robert Redford - reveals the gargantuan influence of oil on our daily lives. It fights our wars, grows our crops, produces our plastics and medicines, warms our homes and animates our cities. We've allowed it to seep into every facet of our existence, from the shine on glossy magazine covers to life-saving pharmaceuticals. We depend on it completely. So what does this mean for when the oil runs out? From a deep-sea oil rig to a plastic surgery operating theatre, from New York City's electrical grid to the offices of the Pentagon, from a state-of-the-art wind farm to a testing ground for the cars of tomorrow, Little visits the most eccentric and exciting frontiers of the global energy landscape. As she introduces us to a range of characters - Saudi royalty, grassroots activists, the world's most respected politicians and an array of inventors - she argues that we are on the brink of a revolution in the way we source the energy that is so vital to us; there is an energy future beyond oil - as long as we have the courage and creativity to pursue it. Fresh, gutsy and optimistic, Power Trip will show you our world in a completely new way.		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007257195	Charlie's Monsters	Dean Lorey		Hogwarts Meets Men In Black In A Thrilling Comic Adventure About A Very Gifted Boy Who Joins A Monster Fighting Academy. Charlie Benjamin Is Not Like Other Children When He Sleeps He Has Terrible Nightmares, And When He Wakes It Is To Find His Room Has Been Wrecked. Then One Day He Wakes Up To Find A Monster By His Bed. Luckily, A Band Of Monster-Hunting Strangers Arrives And Saves Him, Only To Whisk Him Away For Interrogation By The Mysterious Nightmare Division . It Turns Out That Charlie Has The Gift A Rare Ability To Open Portals Into The Dimension Where Monsters Lurk, And The Explanation For The Devastating Force Of His Nightmares. But His Gift Makes Him A Danger To Himself And Others: When He Is Made To Open A Portal His Power Is So Great That He Inadvertently Wakes Barakkas, One Of The Most Powerful And Evil Of All Monsters. Threatened With Reduction (A Lobotomy That Would Remove His Imagination) Charlie Is Saved By The Wise Headmaster Of The Nightmare Academy, Where He Is Taken To Explore His Talents And Prepare For The Coming Showdown With Barakkas&	2008-03-03	HarperCollins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007215300	The Whale Road	Robert Low		The First In A Brand New Series Charting The Adventures Of The Oathsworn, A Band Of Vikings On The Chase For The Secret Hoard Of Attila The Hun. Life Is Savage Aboard A Viking Raider. When Young Orm Rurikson Is Plucked From The Snows Of Norway To Join His Estranged Father On The Fjord Elk, He Becomes An Unlikely Member Of A Notorious Crew. They Are The Oathsworn So Named After The Spoken Bond That Ties Them In Brotherhood And They Ply A Casual Trade On The Ocean Wave, Selling Their Swords To The Highest Bidder. But Times Are Changing. Loyalty To The Old Norse Gods Is Fading, And The Followers Of The Mysterious 'White Christ' Are Gaining Power Across Europe. Hired As Relic-Hunters By The Merchant Rulers Of A Bustling City, The Oathsworn Are Sent In Search Of A Legendary Sword Of Untold Value To The New Religion. With Only A Young Girl As Guide, Their Quest Will Lead Them Onto The Deep And Treacherous Waters Of The 'Whale Road', Toward The Cursed Treasure Of Attila The Hun. And To A Challenge That Will Test The Very Bond That Holds Them Together. A Significant New Voice In Historical Fiction, Robert Low Has Created A Startlingly Modern Tale In The Style Of The Great Viking Sagas. A Heady Mix Of Powerful Suspense, Blockbuster Battles And Religious Intrigue, The Whale Road Is A Must For Fans Of Bernard Cornwell And Tim Severin. It Heralds A Major New Series Sure To Hook Old And New Readers Alike.	2007-08-01	HarperCollins						FIC014000
9780007193165	Dying Light	Stuart MacBride		With this follow-up to "Cold Granite," MacBride proves himself to be a rising star of crime fiction, as his ferocious and funny Scottish wit combines with detailed authenticity in this story about a cop whos charged with solving a series of vicious crimes in Aberdeens red-light district. Martins Press.	2007-01-11	Harper						FIC022020
9780007252947	When Eight Bells Toll	Alistair Maclean		From The Acclaimed Master Of Action And Suspense. The All Time Classic Millions Of Pounds In Gold Bullion Are Being Pirated In The Irish Sea. Investigations By The British Secret Service, And A Sixth Sense, Have Bought Philip Calvert To A Bleak, Lonely Bay In The Western Highlands. But The Sleepy Atmosphere Of Torbay Is Deceptive. The Place Is The Focal Point Of Many Mysterious Disappearances. Even The Unimaginative Highland Police Sergeant Seems To Be Acting A Part. But Why? This Story Is Alistair Maclean At His Enthralling Best. It Has All The Edge-Of-The-Seat Suspense, And Dry Humour That Millions Of Readers Have Devoured For Years.	2008	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007286140	Trouble in Paradise,Uncovering the Dark Secrets of Britain's Most Remote Island	Kathy Marks		"Pitcairn Island - populated by the descendants of the Bounty mutineers - is Britain's remotest outpost and home to just 47 people. Far out in the South Pacific, isolated, ignored and apparently idyllic, it remained virtually cut off for two centuries until shocking allegations brought it to the world's attention." "In 2000, British police arrived on Pitcairn to investigate alarming claims - they would uncover a culture of systematic child abuse, stretching back over forty years. The legal process that followed was unique in British experience: police and judges were brought onto the island, and defendants, lawyers, investigators and journalists lived side by side in the tiny community." "Kathy Marks, the Independent's Asia Pacific correspondent, was one of six journalists allowed onto Pitcairn to cover the trials. Following the saga through to its conclusion in 2007, her account describes generations of shattered lives, a community torn apart and a paradise truly lost."--BOOK JACKET.	2008	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007144631	Two for the road	Nancy Butcher&Robert Griffard&Ashley Olsen&Howard Adler		So far the school trip has been a blast for Ashley, but now a rival is trying to steal her boyfriend - unfortunately Mary-Kate is too obssessed looking for a lost book to help. Part two of a two-part mini-series, this title is in diary format, with excerpts from the twins' correspondence.	2003	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007144808	It's a twin thing	Judy Katschke		For Ashley, the new school year means shopping for new clothes, meeting new boys... shopping for more new clothes. Her twin sister, Mary-Kate, would much rather hit a softball than a mega-mall. But they do agree on one thing: they're too old for a babysitter! Can they persuade their dad of this?	2002	HarperCollinsEntertainment						ZZZ000000
9780007144716	Two Of A Kind Winner Take All	Mary-Kate Olsen&Ashley Olsen		The second in a three-part series written in diary format. Mary-Kate failed to make the softball team at White Oaks. But that's not the worst thing. Ashley is the new gossip columnist for the school paper - and she wrote something about Mary-Kate that her sister didn't want anyone else to know!	2002	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007144792	How to flunk your first date	Megan Stine		Ashley is so jealous. Mary-Kate has a new maths tutor, and he's totally cute! The problem is, Mary-Kate couldn't care less about cute. Her maths lessons are making her miss basketball practice - and that means she won't be able to play in the big game! So the twins decide to switch places.	2002	HarperCollinsEntertainment						ZZZ000000
9780007144709	P.S. Wish you were here	Megan Stine		Written in diary format this title features excerpts from the twins' letters and e-mails to one another. Mary-Kate has decided to move back to Chicago, but Ashley refuses to leave their new boarding school. The twins have never been apart before - how will they cope?	2002	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007144457	Island girls	Mary-Kate Olsen		Mary-Kate and Ashley's adventures begin with the Endurathon, a survivor-like competition for kids. But the game turns sour when everyone realises it's much more fun to lounge around the pool sipping tropical fruit drinks than it is to build huts and look for food - and tries to get voted off.	2003	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007158898	Heart to Heart	Ashley Olsen		Mary-Kate and Ashley are busy delivering singing telegrams for Valentine's Day and making a friend supercool so their girlfriend will go out with him.	2004	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007144617	Sealed with a kiss	Ashley Olsen		Meet Mary-Kate And Ashley, The Tween Queen Twins! Your New Best Friends Have Just Arrived& Mary-Kate And Ashley Can'T Wait To Go Home For Winter Break. But They Wind Up Stuck In A Harrington Dorm Instead. To Make Matters Worse, The Headmaster Thinks That Doing Endless Chores Is More Fun Than Singing Carols And Decking The Halls! But Things Start To Look Up When The Girls Meet A New Boy With A Romantic Holiday Secret&	2003-07-07	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007204816	The Makeover Experiment	Mary-Kate Olsen&Ashley Olsen		Catch up with Style Queens Mary-Kate and Ashley in the latest installment of the So Little Time series. Starring Chloe and Riley Olsen, this fashion-filled book full of cute boys, fantastic friends and makeovers!Style queens Mary-Kate and Ashley feature as fourteen-year-old twins Chloe and Riley Carlson in this great series. They live by Malibu Beach with stressed-out fashion designer mom and housekeeper Manuelo, while dad has moved out to 'find himself' in a trailer.When Riley makes over her boyfriend from punk-rocker to stylin' hottie, he's almost too good to be true! But Riley's in for a reality check when the "new and improved" Charlie has some makeover plans of his own...for her!Stressed-out Chloe is in need of an extreme makeover, too. She's going nuts trying to please everybody all of the time! But when her new laid-back attitude causes her to miss and exam, forget a big date, and break an importantpromise to Riley, her friends and family want to know: is the old Chloe gone for good?There's never a dull moment at Malibu Beach - so much to do, so little time!	2006	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007180998	Playing games	Ashley Olsen		In this Sweet Sixteen Story, Mary-Kate gets an intern job on a website, but someone in the office is out to get her. Meanwhile Ashley's busy setting up a matchmaking website, but it doesn't always work out as planned!Mary-Kate is thrilled when she lands an internship working on a magazine - her first real job! She gets to write articles and go on photo shoots, but there's a problem: someone keeps sabotaging her projects and giving her the wrong information so she gets into trouble with the boss. Who is it, and how can Mary-Kate let the boss know the mistakes aren't her fault?Ashley is working on a matchmaking website, but who is the anonymous 'Mysterio' who's sent in his details and asked her to find him a girlfriend? It's vital she finds out - because according to her matchmaking system, he's a perfect partner for Ashley!And at the same time and they have to organise a surprise sweet sixteen party for their friend Brittany and save their favourite cafe, Click, from closing down - another action-packed Mary-Kate and Ashley story!	2006	HarperCollinsEntertainment						ZZZ000000
9780007180974	M K & A Sweet 16(05) Starring You And Me	Mary-Kate And Ashley&Mary-Kate Olsen&Ashley Olsen		It's time to put on a show in this Sweet Sixteen story! Mary-Kate and Ashley are working on a high school concert. There's just a chance they can pull the hottest DJ in town to really make things rock.	2005	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007144679	Bye-bye boyfriend	Judy Katschke&Mary-Kate Olsen&Ashley Olsen		Meet Mary-Kate And Ashley, The Tween Queen Twins! Your New Best Friends Have Just Arrived& Mary-Kate Has A Great New Hobby Acting! She'S Got The Starring Role In The Next School Play. And She'S Thrilled To Find Out That Her Leading Man Will Be Ross Lambert A Supersweet Guy Who Just Happens To Be Ashley'S Big-Time Crush! Ashley Is Excited For Her Sister Until She Finds Out That Mary-Kate Has To Kiss Ross On Stage. There'S No Way That'S Going To Happen. Not If Ashley Can Help It! By Judy Katschke. From The Series Created By Robert Griffard And Howard Adler.	2003-01-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007123261	Sorcerer's Moon	Julian May		The stunning conclusion to a powerful epic fantasy from the worldwide bestselling author of the Saga of the Pliocene Exile.For sixteen years King Conrig Ironcrown has ruled High Blenholme, battling both to preserve the Sovereignty he ruthlessly established over the four provinces of the island kingdom and to repel the invading Salka monsters that threaten them all. His hope for the future is his heir, Prince Orrion, whose betrothal to a princess of the province of Didion should assure the future peace of High Blenholme. But Orrion has no interest in the girl, and is determined to marry instead his childhood sweetheart, Lady Nyla.Orrion's madcap twin, Corodon, dreams up a scheme to keep Orry and Nyla together by asking the supernatural Beaconfolk, who appear as lights in the sky, for a magical intercession. The twins are unaware that the Beaconfolk are fighting their own battle with others of their kind; to them all humans, even princes, are but pawns to be used in their own conflict. Their granting of Orrion's wish comes in a manner the twins far from expected, and precipitates chaotic infighting amongst the folk of High Blenholme.As battles rage both on the ground and in the sky, the only hopes for peace can be found deep in King Conrig's murky past. His former spy, Deveron Austrey, has secret magical powers and no love for the Beaconfolk. And while many of his subjects no longer remember the King's first wife, Maudrayne, she has never forgotten that her son is the true heir to the throne of High Blenholme.	2007-08-06	Voyager						FIC009000
9780007232321	The Rise and Fall of the Queen of Suburbia,A Black-Hearted Soap Opera	Sarah May		Do you know what your neighbours get up to behind closed doors? And more to the point, do you want to know? 'The Rise and Fall of the Queen of Suburbia is a darkly comic portrayal of marriage, relationships, neighbours and suburbia. Welcome to Littlehaven, where serving pineapple with cottage cheese at a dinner party is the very height of glamorous sophistication; where sulky teenagers join CND and obsess as much about the threat of nuclear war as they do about their latest acne outbreak; and where missing a Green Goddess-led aerobics session is the true definition of disaster. 'The Rise and Fall of the Queen of Suburbia' follows the intertwined stories of the inhabitants of Pollards Close in love and out of love, in marriage and in flagrante, in health and in sickness, in work and out of work, in triumph and in tragedy. 'The Rise and Fall of the Queen of Suburbia' is a black-hearted soap opera, a smart, sharp study of obsession, paranoia and class, set against an all-too-recognisable backdrop of the decade that taste forgot.	2006	HarperCollins						CGN000000
9780007209774	The Navigator	Eoin McNamee		"Owen turned to Cat but she was staring into the woods, her face a mast of fear. Far off, but moving closer, were two figures, both white, both faceless, seeming to glide between the trees. " The Harsh" whispered Cati." They're here." " One day the world around Owen shifts oddly: Time flows backwards, and the world and family he knew disappear. Time can only be set right when the Resisters vanquish their ancient enemies, the Harsh. Unless they are stopped, everything Owen knows will vanish as if it has never been...And Owen discovers he has a terrifying role to play in this battle: he is the Navigator. "From the Hardcover edition."	2006-10-05	HarperCollins Publishers						ZZZ000000
9780007246403	Box 18,The Unpublished Spike Milligan	Spike Milligan		This third wonderful anthology from the Spike Milligan archives uncovers a wealth of previously unpublished material from one of Britain's best loved comedians.The two previous anthologies, 'The Essential Spike Milligan' and 'The Compulsive Spike Milligan', brought together the very best of his stories, cartoons, poems and correspondence, and reminded his fans how deserved his reputation was as a wildly inventive and original comedian.'The Unpublished Spike Milligan' - chosen and edited by Norma Farnes, Milligan's manager, biographer and close friend - is yet more essential and compulsive than these first two collections. It consists of the contents of 'Box 18', a file into which the highly prolific Spike would put his writing and drawings as they came to him, but which never came to be published. The book also draws on previously unseen diaries and letters. As both an original anthology and a personal legacy from a long-gone era, this is absolutely unmissable.	2008-01-07	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						HUM000000
9788172237929	Monkey Tales	Rohinton Mody&Akhila Krishnan		The Jataka Tales Are A Treasure Trove Of Animal Stories, And None Are More Entertaining Than The Monkey Tales. We Read Of Monkeys Brave Or Wily, Quickthinking Or Unthinking A Leader Who Risks His Own Life To Save His Band, Another Who Outwits A Demon, A Third Whose Presence Of Mind Helps Him Fool A Greedy Crocodile, And Finally An Eager But Foolish Monkey Who Tries His Hand At Being The King'S Gardener For A Day. Well-Known And Beloved Of Generations Of Children, These Stories Are Bound To Enchant Your Child In This Beautifully Illustrated And Designed Edition.	2008	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007244799	Woody's Week,First Steps	Michaela Morgan		Collins Big Cat Read at Home is a series of stories by top children's authors and illustrators that children will love to read. Built-in progression within and between each level help you choose the right story to develop your child's confidence as they become independent readers. Extra activities will motivate and entertain your child. In the story Woody's Week, Gran has sent Woody an exciting birthday present - a model house but Woody has a design idea of his own! ? Read the story Woody's Week ? Re-tell the story using mini picture prompts ? Complete a variety of interesting activities ? Make a fun theme-based project ? Get helpful tips on reading together The First steps level offers beginner readers very simple stories with repeated phrases that are clearly supported by illustrations. There are four fun books at this level.	2007-01-04	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007131044	Cool!	Michael Morpurgo		Michael Morpurgo's inspiring new story of Robbie, a boy in a coma victim of a car accident. Locked inside his own head, able to hear but not move or speak, Robbie tries to keep himself from slipping ever deeper into unconsciousness. Robbie, football fan and animal lover, runs after his dog Lucky one day when he chases a cat and is hit by a car. Unconscious, Robbie lies in hospital, unable to speak, move or eat. But he can hear; he is aware, even though his family and friends don't know this. Inside his head, we hear Robbie's thoughts; on his Mum and sister, why his parents are separated. His friends and family try desperately to reach him even Zola, his favourite Chelsea footballer, comes to see him. And still Robbie can't 'wake up'. Until one day, against hospital rules, Dad brings Lucky into the hospital. Can Lucky bring Robbie back to life?	2003	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007265701	The Gold Collection	Michael Morpurgo		Four Unforgettable Novels By Award-Winning Former Children S Laureate, Michael Morpurgo, Beautifully Packaged As A Classic Gift Set. Luxury Gift Edition Box Set Of Four Bestselling Michael Morpurgo Novels: Private Peaceful, The Amazing Story Of Adolphus Tips, Butterfly Lion And Toro! Toro!. The Perfect Present For Younger Readers Keen To Learn More About The World Around Them Through Powerfully Imaginative Stories.Praise For Private Peaceful: Tommo S Journey From Agricultural Labourer To Cannon Fodder Is Movingly Told&Michael Morpurgo Is Expert At Getting Through To His Readers. He Writes Here About Events That Should Never Be Forgotten Nor Forgiven, And Does So Most Effectively. IndependentPraise For Toro! Toro!: A Poignant Tale, Simply Told, About The Horror Of The Spanish Civil War And The Noble Cruelty Of Bullfighting. Sunday TelegraphPraise For The Butterfly Lion: Will Touch All Hearts Both Young And Old. Virginia Mckenna, Born Free Foundation	2008-10-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007258338	Sticker Activity Book	Movie-Tie-In		Return To Narnia With Prince Caspian; In Cinemas Summer 2008! This Sticker Activity Book Is Packed With Fun Ways To Help Peter, Susan, Edmund And Lucy Rescue Prince Caspian And Reinstate The Rightful King To The Throne Of Narnia.	2008-05-06	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007269334	Kung Fu Panda - Pocket Library	No Author		Kung Fu Panda is one of the most anticpated films of 2008. With Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman and Angelina Jolie on board, it is set to be a global blockbuster! Find out all about Po, Shifu, The Furious Five and their arch enemy, the evil Tai Lung in these great mini board books. Full of cool movie stills, this is the perfect pocket library for Kung Fu Panda fans!	2008-06-02	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007269273	Kung Fu Panda - Movie Storybook	HARPERCOLLINS CHILDREN'S BOOKS&No Author		Kung Fu Panda is one of the most anticpated films of 2008. With Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman and Angelina Jolie on board, it is set to be a global blockbuster! Follow the story of Po, the poor panda with big dreams and an even bigger belly in this fun movie storybook. Po wants nothing more than to become a kung fu master, like his heroes the Furious Five. But when he is plucked from obscurity to become the legendary Dragon Warrior and defend the Valley of Peace from the evil Tai Lung, everyone has their doubts. But with dedicated training and trust in destiny, Po finally learns the secret to success. But can he defeat Tai Lung and save his village?	2008-06-02	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172238773	Mithal Mausi Ka Parivar Puran	Mithilesh Mukherjee		Mithal Mausi Ka Parivar Puran is a compelling family saga written by someone who had buried all her literary aspirations while still an undergraduate. Mithilesh Mukherjee picked up her pen near the end of her life to write about her illustrious parents, her childhood and bittersweet memories of her life and career in a series of letters addressed to her niece Titu at her behest. This is a powerful anecdotal record that affords a peep into a bygone era.		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172233662	The making of a nation,India's road to independence	Bal Ram Nanda		Gandhi Once Described The Indian Freedom Struggle As A Contest Among Three Mighty Forces: British Imperialism, Congress Nationalism And Muslim Separatism. It Is On This Contest That The Book Concentrates. Drawing Upon His Work In The Last Four Decades, Br Nanda Has Produced, In This Volume An Outline History Of The Struggle Of The Indian Freedom Struggle.	1998	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007141531	Quicksilver twilight	Stan Nicholls		Desperate to find a cure for the curse of immortality and the episodes of berserk fury and debilitating visions that torment him, Reeth Caldason has traded his fighting skills for the promise of access to powerful ancient magic. But the Resistance group he reluctantly joined as part of the bargain is in disarray since their plans to found an island Utopia free from tyranny were betrayed by one of their own. Now, Reeth is trapped on the Diamond Isle, fending off the pirates that plague the surrounding waters. Despite his romantic entanglement with one of the freedom fighters, Serrah, and the responsibility he feels towards Kutch, a young magician's apprentice, he is determined to set off on the search for his cure. But as his visions grow stranger, Serrah and Kutch begin to understand his true nature and the great power it represents. Back on the mainland, Reeth's arch-enemy, Devlor Bastorran, remains intent on destroying him. Overshadowing everything is the threat of Zerreiss, the conquering barbarian warlord who uses an enigmatic ability to sweep all before him. The spectre of war looms.	2006-10-02	HarperVoyager						ZZZ000000
9780007221455	Across the Wall,A Tale of the Abhorsen and Other Stories	Garth Nix		Must-have short story collection by Garth Nix, containing thirteen stories all introduced by the author himself.ACROSS THE WALL brings together an eclectic mix of Garth Nix's writing spanning several years.The opening story is the 2005 World Book Day novella and Old Kingdom story NICHOLAS SAYRE AND THE CREATURE IN THE CASE, winner of two prestigious Aurealis Awards.The rest of the collection includes two tales inspired by Arthurian legend, a war story, a western, a traditional tale with a twist and a hilarious choose-your-own-adventure spoof.The volume is introduced by the author himself and, even better, so is each story - giving context, anecdotes and a generous dollop of Nix's own wry humour.	2006-11-06	HarperCollins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007175093	Lady Friday	Garth Nix		Friday Is Here! The Race Is On To Find The Secret Of The Middle House. The Fifth Eagerly Awaited Installment In Garth Nix'S Best Selling Fantasy Series,The Keys To The Kingdom. Arthur Penhaligon'S Adventures In The House Get Ever More Perilous As The Week Unfolds. On The Fifth Day, There Was Fear& Four Of The Seven Trustees Have Been Defeated And Their Keys Taken, But For Arthur, The Week Is Still Getting Worse. Suzy Blue And Fred Initial Numbers Gold Have Been Captured By The Piper, And His New Nithling Army Still Controls Most Of The Great Maze. Superior Saturday Is Causing Trouble Wherever She Can, Including Turning Off All The Elevators In The House And Blocking The Front Door. Arthur Can'T Even Find Out What Is Happening Back Home. All He Knows Is That Leaf Isn'T On Earth Any More. She'S Missing And So Are Hundreds Of Other People Who Were Transferred From Regular Hospitals To A Private Institution Run By A 'Doctor Friday'. From There They Have Been Taken Somewhere Else In The Secondary Realms, For Lady Friday'S Own Horrible Purposes. Amid All This Trouble, Arthur'S Mother Is Also Missing, And He Must Weigh Up An Offer From Lady Friday That Is Either A Cunning Trap For The Rightful Heir Or A Golden Opportunity He Must Seize Before Superior Saturday Or The Piper Beats Him To It.	2007-03-05	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007197422	John Lennon: The Life	Philip Norman		The final word on music's greatest legend, in which Philip Norman reveals a John Lennon the world has never seen. With ground-breaking insight into the pain, beauty and frustration that shaped the genius of modern music, John Lennon: The Definitive Biography redefines a legend.John Lennon ' the iconic songwriter, composer and one quarter of The Beatles ' was a giant of the twentieth century. As the founding member of the world's most successful group ever, he changed lives. The popularity and significance of The Beatles is beyond comparison in our age ' in the UK alone, they released more than 40 number one singles and albums.But their impact extended well beyond their music. Their clothes, hairstyles, statements, and even their choice of instruments made them trend-setters from the 1960s to this day, while their growing social awareness ' reflected in the development of their music ' saw their influence extend into the social and cultural revolutions of the 1960s.Following the painful collapse of The Beatles, John came out a wiser but angrier person. Together with his wife Yoko Ono, he attempted to transform the world through non-musical means. Their bed-in in Amsterdam and Montreal, their black bag appearances on stage, their innocent flirting with political activists and radicals, all received massive media attention. These events were in search of world peace.John Lennon was shot dead by a mentally disturbed fan outside his New York apartment building on December 8, 1980.Featuring previously unseen photographs, this truly is the definitive John Lennon.	2009-05-28	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007255894	The Surgeon's Mate	Patrick O'Brian		"Vividly detailed 19th-century settings and dramatic tension punctuated with flashes of wry humor make O'Brian's nautical adventure a splendid treat."-Publishers Weekly	2007-11-05	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007247196	The Dalkey archive	Flann O'Brien		From the author of the classic novel 'At Swim-Two-Birds' comes this ingenious tale which follows the mad and absurd ambitions of a scientist determined to destroy the world. Flann O'Brien's third novel, 'The Dalkey Archive' is a riotous depiction of the extraordinary events surrounding theologian and mad scientist De Selby's attempt to destroy the world by removing all the oxygen from the atmosphere. Only Michael Shaughnessy, 'a lowly civil servant', and James Joyce, alive and well and working as a barman in the nearby seaside resort of Skerries, can stop the inimitable De Selby in his tracks.	2007	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007210244	What Do You Need to Know? - English Age 6-7	Rachel Bridgen		Easy Learning is easy to use, easy to learn and easy to remember.Small chunks of information, learning by doing and the right facts in the right order make working at home fun and achieving success at school easy.Easy Learning English Age 6-7 gives support, practice and guidance for year-by-year school learning.- Easy to use - clear guidance for parent and child- Easy to learn - colourful and engaging activities keep motivation levels high- Easy to remember - information and activities organised in clear, memorable chunks	2006-03-01	Zondervan						ZZZ000000
9780007151240	The family way	Tony Parsons		It Should Be The Most Natural Thing In The World. But Mother Nature Can Be One Hell Of A Bitch. Paulo Loves Jessica. He Thinks That Together They Are Complete A Family Of Two. But Jessica Can'T Be Happy Until She Has A Baby, And The Baby Stubbornly Refuses To Come. Can A Man And A Woman Ever Really Be A Family Of Two? Megan Doesn'T Love Her Boyfriend Anymore. After A One-Night Stand With An Australian Beach Bum, She Finds That Even A Trainee Doctor Can Slip Up On The Family Planning. Should You Bring A Child Into The World If You Don'T Love Its Father? Cat Loves Her Life. After Bringing Up Her Two Youngest Sisters, All She Craves Is Freedom. Her Older Boyfriend Has Done The Family Thing Before And Is In No Rush To Do It All Again. But Can A Modern Woman Really Find True Happiness Without Ever Being In The Family Way? Three Sisters. Three Couples. Two Pregnancies. Six Men And Women Struggling With Love, Sex, Fertility And The Meaning Of Family, In This Bittersweet Bestseller.	2005-03-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780006514824	Man and wife	Tony Parsons		A Novel About Love And Marriage About Why We Fall In Love And Why We Marry; About Why We Stay And Why We Go. Harry Silver Returns To Face Life In The 'Blended Family'. This Wonderful New Novel About Modern Times Can Be Read As A Sequel To The Million-Selling Man And Boy Or Completely On Its Own. Harry Silver Is A Man Coming To Terms With A Divorce And A New Marriage. He Has To Juggle With Time And Relationships, With His Wife And His Ex-Wife, His Son And His Stepdaughter, His Own Work And His Wife'S Fast-Growing Career. Meanwhile His Mother, Who Stood So Steadfastly By His Father Until He Died, Is Not Getting Any Younger Or Stronger Herself. In Fact, Everything In Harry'S Life Seems Complicated. And When He Meets A Woman In A Million, It Gets Even More So& Man And Wife Is A Brilliant Novel About Families In The New Century, Written With All The Humour, Passion And Superb Storytelling That Have Made Tony Parsons A Favourite Author In Over Thirty Countries.	2003	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007215966	Animals	Peter Partington		This best-selling title is relaunched in April 2006 with a fresh new cover design. Packed with step-by-step illustrations, this comprehensive guide provides all the techniques needed to master the art of drawing animals.Drawing animals has always been popular, and this book makes it simple and enjoyable. All the fundamentals are covered, to give the reader a sound foundation in drawing techniques, with step-by-step illustrations demonstrating how to put them into practice. Animals included range from birds, to badgers, deer, squirrels and hedgehogs. The book includes accessible and practical information on:" Choosing the right medium" Looking at character, structure and form" Mastering close-up details" Movement, behaviour and markingsPerfect for total beginners, Learn to Draw Animals will also be valuable for experienced artists seeking to improve their animal drawing skills.	2006-04-12	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007268313	Bel Canto	Ann Patchett		The poignant - and at times very funny - novel from the author of a??The Magiciana??s Assistanta??, winner of the Orange Prize, repackaged and promoted as part of Perenniala??s fiction promotion in 2008. Latin terrorists storm an international gathering hosted by an underprivileged country to promote foreign interest and trade, only to find that their intended target, the President, has stayed home to watch his favourite soap opera on TV. Among the hostages are a world-class opera singer and her biggest fan, a Japanese tycoon who has been persuaded to attend the party on the understanding that she will perform half a dozen arias after dinner. The tycoona??s engaging and sympathetic translator plays a vital role in the subsequent relationships between so many different nationalities closeted together, interpreting not only the terroristsa?? negotiations but also the language of love between lovers who cannot understand what the other is saying. Ultimately, it is the terrorist strike that does more to promote foreign relations than anyone could have hoped to achieve with the party.	2008-02-04	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007268320	The shipping news	Annie Proulx		Annie Proulxa??s highly acclaimed, international bestseller and Pulitzer prize-winning novel, repackaged and promoted as part of the Perennial fiction promotion in 2008. Quoyle is a hapless, hopeless hack journalist living and working in New York. When his no-good wife is killed in a spectacular road accident, Quoyle heads for the land of his forefathers a?? the remotest corner of far-flung Newfoundland. With a??the aunta?? and his delinquent daughters a?? Bunny and Sunshine a?? in tow, Quoyle finds himself part of an unfolding, exhilarating Atlantic drama. a??The Shipping Newsa?? is an irresistible comedy of human life and possibility.	2008	Harper Perennial						FIC016000
9780007281558	Japanese Logic Puzzles	Hashi/hitori/mosaic/slith		It Appears We Are A Nation Of Puzzle Obsessives After The Phenomenal Response To Su Doku. For Those Su Doku Fiends Who Are Eager For Variety, Here Is A Collection Of Four Of The Most Popular Japanese Logic Puzzles Hitori, Hashi, Slitherlink, Mosaic. Guaranteed To Strain Your Brain For Hours. 200 New Puzzles Arranged According To Difficulty. The Four Main Puzzles Are: Hitori -A 7X7 Grid And The Aim Is To Shade In The Squares So That No Number Appears More Than Once In Any Row Or Column And No Two Adjacent Squares, Both Horizontally And Vertically, Are Both Shaded. All The Cells With Numbers In Will Then Form A Single Connected Shape That Is Not Divided Up By Shaded Squares. All The Single Numbers You Don'T Black Out Will Be Connected. Hashi Consists Of Circles Containing Numbers. The Circles Act As Islands. The Object Is To Connect The Islands With Vertical And Horizontal Bridges. The Number Of Bridges Linked To An Island Must Equal The Number Inside The Island. There Must Also Be A Continuous Path Connect Ing All The Islands. There Can Be Up To Two Bridges Between Two Islands. Bridges Cannot Cross Islands Or Other Bridges Slitherlink A 10X10 Grid Composed Of Dots Rather Than Lines. The Aim Is To Connect Adjacent Dots With Vertical Or Horizontal Lines So That A Single Loop Is Formed With No Crossings Or Branches. Each Number Indicates How Many Lines Surround It, While Empty Cells May Be Surrounded By Any Number Of Lines. Mosaic A 15X15 Grid. This Puzzle Is Based On Looking At A Square And Those Around It, Rather Than Rows Or Columns Of Cells. Using Simple Logic Alone, It Is Possible, From The Numbers Given, To Fill In The Grid And Create A Pixelated Picture. In The Grid, Most Cells Have Eight Neighbours, Making A Block Of Nine Cells: Cells Along An Edge Have Five Neighbours And Those In The Corner Only Three. The Number In A Cell Tells You How Many Of Its Adjacent Cells And How Many Of Its Neighbours Adjacent Cells Are To Be Filled In. The Quantities Are As Follows -75 Hashi, 75 Slitherlink, 30 Hitori And 20 Mosaic. Includes Hints And Tips On How To Solve Them. As With Su Doku It Is All About Logic And Reasoning, Not Mathematical Genius.	2008-04-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007246212	Living with the Laird,A Love Affair with a Man and His Mansion	Belinda Rathbone		A captivating memoir of one woman's relationship with a man and his mansion. 'I knew that when I married the man that I married the mansion,' begins Belinda Rahtbone's captivating memoir of her relationship with a Scottish laird - and with his 400-acre ancestral home 'The Guynd'. But there was also much that the urban American did not know when she abandoned her life in New York to become the unlikely chatelaine of this country estate in north-east Scotland after a whirlwind affair with its eccentric owner. Finding herself in a setting reminiscent of many a classic English novel, Rathbone recounts her story of dealing with a grand but crumbling Georgian mansion still recovering from the effects of two world wars, not to mention a hopelessly overgrown garden, troublesome tenants, and an intractable class system often too dangerous to navigate. With the persistence of the biographer she delves into local history, anecdotes and family papers in her attempt to understand the small Scottish community into which she has been thrown, and with the curiosity of a outsider she imbibes the country wisdom that surrounds her, from the value of dead elm trees and the intricate working of the slow-cooking Aga to how to pluck a pheasant and what to wear to a country ball. Like a letter home from a strange land, Living With the Laird gives a unique view into the Scottish countryside of today that is both wry and poignant, combining a warm, Bill Bryson-esque view of British society with a fascinating portrait of an historic house and its many colourful inhabitants. Whether tackling her husband's habit of hoarding bottles of 30-year-old raspberry vinegar and pots of crystallised blackcurrant jam in their icy kitchen, or struggling to revive the fortunes of the rundown Georgian mansion, Living With the Laird tells a larger story: a tale of what happens when two cultures and two worlds - the old and the new - collide.	2007-01-04	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007271801	Abstracts	Laura Reiter		Learn to Paint Abstracts forms part of the best-selling Collins Learn to Paint series, providing a clear and simple introduction to a truly dynamic style of painting that is attracting more and more interest among amateur artists. Laura Reiter provides a clear and accessible introduction to abstract painting, explaining in simple terms how to paint popular subjects in a less representational way. Several simple ways of approaching an abstract painting are demonstrated using watercolour, acrylics, pastels and collage to create abstracts from simple doodles. Practical exercises, useful tips and several step-by-step demonstrations are included. It is the perfect book for those who desire an entrance into abstract art or want to broaden their artistic horizons.	2008-06-02	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007213320	Animals	Keith Ridgway		A novel of confusion and paranoia, love and doubt, fear and hysteria: unsettling, unhinged, provocative and bestially funny, 'Animals' is for human beings everywhere. Keith Ridgway's third novel is a psychological menagerie of confusion, paranoia, searching and love. Narrated by an illustrator who can no longer draw, it tells of the sudden and inexplicable collapse of a private life, and the subsequent stubborn search for a place from which to take stock. We are surrounded here - by unsafe or haunted buildings, by artists and capitalists who flirt with terror, by writers and actresses and the deals they have made with unreality, and by the artificial, utterly constructed, scripted city in which we have agreed to live out a version of living. But there are cracks in the facade, and there are stirrings under the floorboards, and there animals everywhere you look, if only you'd dare to look for them. Unsettling, unhinged, provocative and richly funny, 'Animals' is for human beings everywhere.	2007	Harper Perennial						FIC025000
9780007135097	Mishima's Sword,Travels in Search of a Samurai Legend	Christopher Ross		The stunning book from Christopher Ross, Sunday Times top 10 bestselling author of 'Tunnel Visions'. In 1970 Japan's most famous writer, Yukio Mishima, cut open his stomach and was then beheaded with his own antique sword. His anachronistic suicide has been called many things: a desperate heroic gesture; a work of art; a political protest; the antics of a madman. But which is correct? And what became of Mishima's sword? Thirty years later Christopher Ross sets out for Japan on the trail of those who might have answers: craftsmen and critics; soldiers and swordsmen; boyfriends and biographers; even the man who taught Mishima hara-kiri. Like his best-selling 'Tunnel Visions: Journeys of an Underground Philosopher', Christopher Ross has written another unclassifiable blend of travel writing, autobiography and philosophical enquiry to create a mesmeric account of modern Japan and the peculiar death that haunts it to this day.	2006-11-01	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007236206	I Want My Dinner	Tony Ross		The hilarious Little Princess returns with more tears and tantrums in this humorous picture book of good manners.'I want...I want...I want.'The Little Princess needs to learn some manners but, several tantrums later, once she's mastered 'please' and 'thank you', she finds that not everyone else is so polite! She's certainly not going to give the Beastie back his dinner until he asks nicely.	2006-09-04	HarperCollins Publishers						ZZZ000000
9780006552109	Kings Last Song	Geoff Ryman		A great king brings peace to a warring nation. Centuries later his writings will bring hope to those facing the tragic legacy of modern Cambodia's bloody history. When archaeologists discover a book written on gold leaves at Angkor Wat, everyone wants a piece of the action. But the King, the Army and the UN are all outflanked when the precious artefact is kidnapped, along with Professor Luc Andrade, who was accompanying it to the capital for restoration. Luckily for Luc, his love and respect for Cambodia have won him many friends, including ex-Khmer Rouge cadre Map and the young moto-boy William. Both equally determined to rescue the man they consider their mentor and recover the golden book, they form an unlikely bond. But William is unaware of just how closely Map's bloody past affects him. The book contains the words and wisdom of King Jayavarman VII, the Buddhist ruler who united a war-torn Cambodia in the twelfth century and together with his enlightened wife created a kingdom that was a haven of peace and learning. His extraordinary story is skilfully interwoven with the tales of Luc, Map and William to create an unforgettable and dazzling evocation of the spirit of Cambodia and her peoples in all their beauty and tragedy.	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007111220	The Trial,A History from Socrates to O. J. Simpson	Sadakat Kadri		In an extraordinary history of the criminal trial, Sadakat Kadri shows with wit, legal insight and a travel writer's eye for detail, how the irrationality of the past lives on in the legal systems of the present. A bold and brilliant debut from a prize-winning new writer.'The Trial' spans a vast distance in time, opening in the dread silence of the Egyptian Hall of the Dead and ending with the melodramas and hubbub of the twenty-first century trial circus. Reconciliation and vengeance, secrecy and spectacle, superstition and reason all intertwine continually. The book crosses from the marbled courtrooms of Athens through the ordeal pits of Anglo-Saxon England, past the torture chambers of the Inquisition to the judicial theatres of seventeenth-century Salem, and from 1930s Moscow and post-war Nuremberg to the virtual courtrooms of modern Hollywood.Kadri shows throughout how the trial has always been concerned with doing more than guaranteeing fairness and holding human beings to account for their deliberate crimes. He recounts how insentient and irrational defendants from caterpillars to corpses were once summonsed to court, before being exiled for their failure to attend or sentenced to die again - and argues that the same urge to punish lives on in today's trials of children and the mentally ill. But although Justice's sword has always been double-edged - as ready to destroy a community's enemies as to defend its dreams of due process - the judicial contest also operates to enshrine some of the western world's most cherished values. The show trials of Stalin's Soviet Union were shams, but Guantanamo Bay and Abu Ghraib are a reminder that a lack of a trial is equally unjust, and at a time when our constitutional landscape seems to be melting away, an appreciation of the criminal courtroom's history is more necessary than ever. As the government of Tony Blair launches an almost annual attempt to truncate trial by jury, and as authorities on both sides of the Atlantic are indefinitely detaining people in the name of an endless war on terror, 'The Trial' could hardly be more timely.	2006-07-03	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007206612	Nora's Dinners	Nora Sands		Tired of all the junk food your children are eating? Want them to help out in the kitchen? Nora's Dinners is a new generation cookbook to inspire 7-12-year-olds to cook healthy food, focusing on teaching basic cookery skills and having fun.Nora Sands is the outrageous, loveable, no-nonsense dinner lady who shot to fame in Jamie Oliver's TV series, 'Jamie's School Dinners'. The programme has since been broadcast in 23 countries - pretty impressive for a programme on British school food!Armed with newfound confidence and an ingredients list she couldn't pronounce, Nora became passionate about getting kids confident about cooking at home, rather than relying on unhealthy and unsociable ready-meals. Her recipes draw on her favourite childhood foods, the meals she prepared with her own children, and the foods she discovered while working with Jamie. Nora's Dinners is full of recipes for delicious (and well-balanced) breakfasts, lunches and dinners. Plus, there are fun options for tasty treats. And Jamie Oliver himself provides a foreword.With special "pick 'n' mix" sections featured throughout, kids can invent their own creations and customise their meals using a basic recipe, like pizza with exciting and healthy toppings, or colourful, delicious salad (yes, they will eat it). The emphasis is on learning different cooking techniques, eating a balanced (but never boring) diet, having fun, and getting friends and family involved.Peppered with wonderful and often hilarious anecdotes, this is a book written specifically for kids. Although some recipes require adult help or supervision, children will be able to follow each recipe themselves. The introduction outlines basic nutrition, safety & food hygiene, and cooking techniques in language geared to get kids learning. Instructions throughout are kept simple, with the absolute beginner in mind.So put your feet up - the kids are making dinner tonight!Contents include:- Foreword by Jamie Oliver- Nora's Introduction- Tools & Equipment- Cooking Techniques- Making Friends with Vegetables/Herbs/Spices - Food Safety & Hygiene- Healthy Eating- Breakfast- Snacks and Salads- Lunch- Dinner- Cakes and Puddings	2006-04-12	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007206995	The mobile library,the case of the missing books	Ian Sansom		Introducing Israel Armstrong, one of literature's most unlikely detectives in the first of a series of novels from the author of the critically acclaimed Ring Road.Israel is an intelligent, shy, passionate, sensitive sort of soul: he's Jewish; he's a vegetarian; he could maybe do with losing a little weight. And he's just arrived in Ireland to take up his first post as a librarian. But the library's been shut down and Israel ends up stranded on the North Antrim coast driving an old mobile library.There's nice scenery, but 15,000 fewer books than there should be. Who on earth steals that many books? How? When would they have time to read them all? And is there anywhere in this godforsaken place where he can get a proper cappuccino and a decent newspaper?Israel wants answers...	2006	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9788172237035	In The Indian Night Sky	Reshma Sapre		When The Monsoon Rains Come It S Not Just Us Mortals Who Get To Join The Celebration. The Heavenly Bodies Have A Little Party Of Their Own To Send The Rains Off Into Their Downpour. See What Happens When Moon, Wind, And Sun Are Sent Off To A Grand Feast Hosted By Thunder And Lightning. They Are Sent Off With The Northern Star To Guide Their Journey With One Request That They Must Fulfil On Their Return. Sun And Wind Get Caught Up In The Celebration, Forgetting All About Star S Special Request. Brilliantly Illustrated By Jayme E. Robinson, This Stunning Tale Will Help You Sail Through The Cosmos With An Imaginative Style That Jumps Off The Page.	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007158447	The cat in the hat	Dr. Seuss		Cat lovers and francophiles rejoice"--The Cat in the Hat in English and French "is back in print! First published in 1967, this bilingual edition of the beloved classic has been unavailable for over a decade. Perfect for teaching beginning readers simple, conversational French or English, the story is here on each page in the language the reader already knows, to guide him or her in the language they are learning. The repetition makes it ideal for learning new words, and the hilarious plot makes it easy to read again and again. Learning a new language has never been so much fun! Dr. Seuss is quite simply the most beloved children's book author in the world.	2003	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007158461	Green Eggs and Ham	Dr. Seuss		Illus. in color. Sam-I-Am mounts a determined campaign to convince another Seuss character to eat a plate of green eggs and ham. " Limited vocabulary but unlimited exuberance of illustration." --"School Library Journal. "	2003	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007169962	Scrambled Eggs Super!	Dr. Seuss		This book welcomes young readers to the crazy world of Peter T. Hooper. When it comes to scrambling, Peter T. Hooper isn't content with just any old egg! He uses something extra special for his super-dee-dooper dishes!	2003	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007198030	I Can Take Away Today!	Dr. Seuss		This colourful Dr. Seuss activity book makes maths fun! Join the Cat in the Hat as he strides through number basics with lots of fun-filled activities along the way. Includes special Dr. Seuss reward stickers to let the world know how well you're doing.	2005	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007203475	First Spanish Picture Dictionary	Nick Sharratt		Illustrated by award winning artist Nick Sharratt, this picture dictionary is designed as a child's very first introduction to Spanish.	2005	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007230945	The Game Player of Zob	Paul Shipton		Collins Big Cat is a guided reading series for ages 4-9 edited by Cliff Moon. Top children's authors and illustrators have created fiction and non-fiction books that your children will love to read, banded to help you choose the right book for every child. Practical teaching notes are included at the back of each book. When the Game Player of Zob pays a visit to earth and challenges the earthling children to a game, the children soon find out that the alien is a very bad loser - and that isn't good news for them.... A funny sci-fic story.	2007-01-04	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007255603	The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner	Alan Sillitoe		Harper Perennial Modern Classics Reissue Of A Groundbreaking Work Of Fiction From One Of Our Best Loved Authors. The Title Story In This Classic Collection Tells Of Smith, A Defiant Young Rebel, Inhabiting The No-Man'S Land Of Institutionalised Borstal. As His Steady Jog-Trot Rhythm Transports Him Over An Unrelenting, Frost-Bitten Earth, He Wonders Why, For Whom And For What He Is Running. A Groundbreaking Work, The Loneliness Of The Long Distance Runner Captured The Grim Isolation Of The Working Class In The English Midlands When It Was First Published In 1960S. But Sillitoe S Depiction Of Petty Crime And Deep-Seated Anger In Industrial And Desperate Cities Remains As Potent Today As It Was Almost Half A Century Ago.	2007-08-16	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007160532	Wordsworth and Coleridge,The Friendship	Adam Sisman		The first book to explore the extraordinary story of the legendary friendship -" and quarrel -" between Wordsworth and Coleridge, two giants of English Romanticism. Wordsworth and Coleridge's passionate intimacy, shared ambition and subsequent estrangement contribute to a tragic tale. But Sisman's biography of this most remarkable friendship -" the first to devote itself wholly to exploring the impact of their relationship on each other -" seeks to re-examine the orthodox assumption that these two poets flourished as a result of it. Instead, Sisman argues that it was a meeting that may well have been disastrous for both: for it was Wordsworth's rejection of Coleridge, and not primarily his opium addiction, that destroyed the latter as a poet, and that Coleridge's impossible ambitions for Wordsworth pushed the latter towards failure and disappointment. Underlying the poignancy of the tale is the intriguing subject of the influence one writer can have on another. Sisman seeks to answer fundamental questions about this relationship: why was Wordsworth so reliant on Coleridge, and why was he so easily swayed in the most critical decision of his career? Was it in Coleridge's nature to play second fiddle? Would it, in fact, have been better for both men if they had never met?	2007-09-03	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007241828	Toast,The Story of a Boy's Hunger	Nigel Slater		Top food writer Nigel Slater's eat-and-tell autobiography. Detailing all the food, recipes and cooking that have marked his passage from greedy schoolboy to great food writer, this is also a catalogue of how the British have eaten over the last three decades. 'Toast' is Nigel Slater's truly extraordinary story of a childhood remembered through food. Whether relating his mother's ritual burning of the toast, his father's dreaded Boxing Day stew or such culinary highlights as Arctic Roll and Grilled Grapefruit (then considered somehting of a status symbol in Wolverhampton) this remarkable memoir vividly recreates daily life in sixties surburban England. His mother was a chops-and-peas sort of cook, exasperated by the highs and lows of a temperamental AGA, a finicky little son and the asthma that was to prove fatal. His father was a honey-and-crumpets man who could occasionally go off 'crack' like a gun. When Nigel's widowed father takes on a housekeeper with social aspirations and a talent in the kitchen, the following years become a heartbreaking cooking contest for his father's affections. But as he slowly loses the battle, Nigel finds a new outlet for his culinary talents, and we witness the birth of what was to become a lifelong passion for food. Nigel's likes and dislikes, aversions and sweet-toothed weaknesses form a fascinating and amusing backdrop to this incredibly moving and deliciously evocative memoir of childhood, adolescence and sexual awakening.	2007-03-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007268894	Coming Up Next	Penny Smith		A darkly comic novel about the fall and rise of a TV presenter. Written by an insider, it's a page-turning account of life on the sofa and in front of the cameras.When Katie Fisher, morning TV presenter, returns from holiday it's to discover that she's literally yesterday's news. Publicly sacked from her job as anchor of Hello Britain! and replaced by a pert young thing, she does what any self-respecting thirty something would in these circumstances - she makes a dash for her parents and hits the bottle.But Katie, sooner or later, has to face the world, the photographers, and the backstage intrigue of morning television: the cut-throat, lecherous producers, the ambitious but vacant Keera, and Mike, her co-host, a trustworthy friend or just another one of the many back-stabbers? Humour is Katie's only weapon and, as things hit rock-bottom, it could provide a perfect solution to life after the sofa.Knowing, insightful and darkly comic, Penny Smith's novel is the insider's view of TV.	2008-07-21	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007802760	Best Children Series : Dimity Duck	Jane Yolen		Splish-Splosh, It'S Time For Fun At The Pond! Make Friends With Dimity Duck And Her Poolside Buddies In Their First Frithy-Frothy Picture Book.'Dimity Duck Waddles,She Toddles And She Sings.Giggle-Gaggle Goes Her TailAnd Whoosh Go Her Wings!'Waddle To The Pond, With Cute New Character, Dimity Duck. Frumity Frog Is Waiting On A Lily Pad He Can'T Wait To Dive In For A Splishy-Splashy Game Of Seek-And-Hide. But Will Dimity Be Able To Find Her Giggling, Wiggling Friend?What A Lot Of Frithy-Frothy Fun!		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007802838	B C S :Russell And The Lost Treasure	Rob Scotton		Russell The Sheep Is Back Again In Another Great Adventure Searching For Lost Treasure! Russell The Sheep Is Thrilled With His Latest Discovery: A Chest Containing The Lost Treasure Of Frogsbottom Field. What Will He Find When He Turns The Key? Russell Is So Disappointed When He Opens The Chest To Find Some Useless Items And An Ancient Camera. But When The Camera Accidnetally Goes Off With A Bright Flash&Russell Realizes There Is A Whole New World Ready For His Creativity. Soon Russell Finds Himself With A Tersury Rich In Photos. Each Page Is Brilliantly Illustrated As Russell Discovers New Things To Take Pictures Of. Follow Along To See All Of Russell S New Riches!	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007802807	B C S :I Am Not Your Friend	Sam Mcbratney		When A Little Fox S Mother Says It Is Getting Too Late To Play, He Decides That He S Not Going To Be Friends With Her Anymore& But As The Daylight Fades And The Shadows Draw In, The Little Fox Wonders Whether It Wouldn T Be Such A Bad Idea To Stay Friends With His Mother. As She Carries Him Back To The Safety Of Their Den, Out Of Reach Of All The Horrible Things That Might Be Waiting For Him In The Dark, He Is Very Glad To Hear That She Ll Be His Friend For Ever. Age 2-5	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007802852	B C S :Wombat Goes Walkabout	Michael Morpurgo		Wombat Loves Digging Deep Holes And Thinking Deep Thoughts, But Nobody Thinks Much Of That Until Danger Threatens The Bush And The Small Wombat Comes Up With A Great Big Idea& One Day Wombat Digs The Deepest Hole He S Ever Dug And Crawls Into The Cool Darkness To Think. But When He Climbs Out Again, He Can T See His Mother Anywhere. He Is All Alone. As He Wanders Through The Great Outback Looking For Her, Wombat Meets All Kinds Of Wonderful Creatures Kookaburra, Wallaby, Possum, Emu, Boy And Koala. None Of Them Think Very Much Of Him, Though. But When A Fire Sweeps Through The Bush, It Is Wombat S Skills Which Save The Day, And Afterwards Everyone Races Off To Find His Mum And Bring Her Back To Him.	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007802753	Best Children Series : Angel Baby	Gillian Shields		Welcome To The World, Angel Baby! 'Angel Baby Is Fast Asleep, Dreaming Of Heaven And Counting Sheep.' But Watch Out& When Angel Baby Wakes Up He Becomes Hungry Baby, Busy Baby And Soapy Baby!		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007233090	A Year in Green Tea and Tuk-Tuks,My Unlikely Adventure Creating an Eco Farm in Sri Lanka	Rory Spowers		BBC journalist and environmentalist Rory Spowers wanted to finally live his dream and abandon life in London for a more ecologically sustainable lifestyle. Moving with his wife and two toddler sons to a 60-acre abandoned tea estate in Sri Lanka, Rory sets out to create a model organic farm there and earn his livelihood from the land. The fascinating story begins with the tsunami and Rory's sudden involvement with the relief efforts, and charts the course of his adventures over 12 months culminating in the launch of his new business (making a living by selling the produce he grows). It chronicles the highs and lows of this radical change, and reveals what it takes to live a sustainable life. It will also include tips for those of you who wish to live a more environmentally friendly life. Spowers' writing in 'Three Men on a Bike', which recounted his story of buying the Goodies' bicycle and riding it across Africa for charity, was compared with Bryson, Palin and Hawks' for his storytelling, humour and intrepid spirit. Spowers' narrative brims with adventure, harrowing moments, and small triumphs as he comes to know the people and the land and works toward creating his dream of a sustainable, model forest garden.	2007-03-22	HarperElement						ZZZ000000
9780007210886	The Vienna Assignment	Olen Steinhauer		A Powerful And Atmospheric Thriller Set During The Cold War, From The Internationally Acclaimed Author Of The Bridge Of Sighs. Vienna, 1966. To Be Wrongly Accused Of Murder Once Is A Misfortune. Twice And It'S A Conspiracy. It Is The Height Of The Cold War. When A Defector Mysteriously Returns To The Eastern European Village Of His Birth, It'S A Chance For Disgraced Detective Brano Sev To Redeem Himself. Being Framed For A Murder Should Just Be Part Of His Cover Story. Or Is It? Exiled Suddenly To Vienna, Treacherous City Of Spies, Sev Finds Himself Caught Up In A Cat-And-Mouse Game Where Survival Is The Only Prize. But In A World Where No Good Deed Goes Unpunished, Loyalty Can Be The Biggest Crime Of All&	2006-07-03	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007204090	Collins need to know? Poker	Mark Strahan&Stewart Reuben		User-friendly and practical, this illustrated guide is a handy introduction to poker at home, in the casino or on the web.Introduction to PokerOrigins Of Poker (History Of The Game)The World Series Of PokerThe Rise And Rise Of Internet PokerThe Game TodayGetting Started With No Limit Texas Hold 'EmTools Of The TradePlaying The GameBeginners CornerReading the BoardStarting Hands - The Probabilities Of Getting ThemStarting Hands - The Great and The Not So GreatStarting Hands - Based On PositionStarting Hands - GroupingsStarting Hands - EV tablePoker and Maths Playing A HandPre Flop StrategyAfter the flopAfter the turnAfter the riverSuccessful Betting / Raising / The Free CardPlaying The BlindsBluffing / Semi BluffingCheck RaisingPlaying Badly / Getting Caught OutReading Your OpponentBasic Internet Tournament Strategy / Final Table PlayBasic Poker Statistics / Hold'Em Matchups / Head Up Percentages / Absence Of AcesOther games of popular poker in card rooms today World / UK Poker personalities (short biogs)Poker Quotations & TriviaA - Z of poker terminologyWhere to Play? (UK / Europe / World)Internet sites with poker contentGlossary of terms	2006-04-12	Collins						ZZZ000000
9788172234768	Musaddas	Hali			2004-03-01	Motilal (UK) Books of India						ZZZ000000
9780007232970	Cat and Kitten Care	Thomas&Collins Educational Staff&Heather		This practical and accessible guide is essential reading for anyone who owns a kitten or cat. Packed with appealing photographs and expert advice, this book is the one-stop guide to caring for your cat. Cats can seem to be the easiest household pet to own due to their independent nature, however there is a lot to consider when choosing and caring for a pet cat or kitten. Collins need to know? Cat Care gives practical advice on how to choose a cat or kitten, housing, feeding and grooming your cat and gives you a better understanding of its behaviour. There is also a useful section on healthcare. This indispensable handbook is packed with information and advice to help you ensure that your cat stays happy and healthy throughout its nine lives! Contents include: ? Choosing a Cat: popular breeds; selection process; important health checks ? The Kitten: handling a kitten; indoor and outdoor safety; kitten health and exercise ? The Adult Cat: handling and grooming; hygiene and diet; travelling and moving ? Cat Behaviour: communicating with your cat; body language; behaviour including aggression and scratching ? Healthcare: health problems including dental, eye, nose and tummy; nutritional and internal problems; nursing a sick cat and first aid	2007-02-05	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						PET003000
9780261102361	The two towers,being the second part of the Lord of the Rings	John Ronald Reuel Tolkien		The Fellowship is scattered. Some are bracing hopelessly for war against the ancient evil of Sauron. Some are contending with the treachery of the wizard Saruman. Only Frodo and Sam were left to take the accursed Ring of Power to be destroyed in Mordor - the dark Kingdom where Sauron is supreme. Their guide is Gollum, deceitful and lust-filled, slave to the corruption of the Ring. -Back cover.	2007	HarperCollinsPublishers						ZZZ000000
9780007165452	The other side of you	Salley Vickers		The brilliant new novel from the bestselling author of 'Mr Golightly's Holiday' and 'Miss Garnet's Angel'. 'There is no cure for being alive.' Thus speaks Dr David McBride, a psychiatrist for whom death exerts an unusual draw. As a young child he witnessed the death of his six-year-old brother and it is this traumatic event which has shaped his own personality and choice of profession. One day a failed suicide, Elizabeth Cruikshank, is admitted to his hospital. She is unusually reticent and it is not until he recalls a painting by Caravaggio that she finally yields up her story. We learn of Elizabeth Cruikshank's dereliction of trust, and the man she has lost, through David's narration. As her story unfolds David finds his own life being touched by her account and a haunting sense that the 'other side' of his elusive patient has a strange resonance for him, too. Set partly in Rome, 'The Other Side of You' explores the theme of redemption through love and art, which has become a hallmark of Salley Vickers's acclaimed work. As with her other highly popular novels this is a many-layered and subtly audacious story, which traces the boundaries of life and death and the difficult possibilities of repentance.	2007-03-29	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007244461	Collins Big Cat Read At Home Talk Talk	Martin Waddell		Collins Big Cat Read at Home is a series of stories by top children's authors and illustrators that children will love to read. Built-in progression within and between each level help you choose the right story to develop your child's confidence as they become independent readers. Extra activities will motivate and entertain your child. In the story Talk Talk Talk, Bill longs for someone to talk to. Then one day Bill's new giant friend appears at his door... one bit at a time! ? Read the story Talk Talk Talk ? Re-tell the story using mini picture prompts ? Complete a variety of interesting activities ? Make a fun theme-based project ? Get helpful tips on reading together The Explore reading level is for improving readers. These books have a longer story with vivid characters and sequential events. There are four fun books at this level.	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007250356	How to Look Good Naked,The Complete Style Guide	Gok Wan		TV's new fashion guru Gok Wan, presenter of Channel 4's 'How to Look Good Naked', shows women of all shapes and sizes how to look great with their clothes on and off! His first book is packed with expert health, beauty and styling advice to make you look and feel fabulous without cosmetic surgery or drastic dieting. Women are constantly bombarded by images of the 'perfect shape' and targeted by companies selling low-fat products. And a recent survey reveals that 98% of British women are unhappy with their bodies. Gok Wan, the loveable stylist from Channel 4's 'How to Look Good Naked', wants to change all that. His mission is to boost women's confidence and help you to love what you've got without resorting to drastic dieting or cosmetic surgery. In 'How to Look Good Naked', Gok draws on his experience of styling models and celebrities to help ordinary women make the most of their bodies - to flatter your best bits and minimise the parts of your body you hate. 'How to Look Good Naked' contains all the tricks of the fashion trade and loads of insider beauty tips to help you feel a million dollars, whatever size or shape you are. With tips on how to choose the right pair of jeans, which underwear will make you slim and super-sexy, how to choose the right accessories to slim you down, plus treatments, exercise advice and more. Gok says: 'I can slim you down by changing your clothes!' After reading 'How to Look Good Naked', you'll feel like a new woman.	2007-05-03	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007244423	Where Is the Wind?,Discover Reading	Celia Warren		Collins Big Cat Read at Home is a series of stories by top children's authors and illustrators that children will love to read. Built-in progression within and between each level help you choose the right story to develop your child's confidence as they become independent readers. Extra activities will motivate and entertain your child. In the story Where is the Wind?, Mole sets out to see the wind - but does he find it? Join Mole on his journey and safe return home. ? Read the story Where is the Wind? ? Re-tell the story using mini picture prompts ? Complete a variety of interesting activities ? Make a fun theme-based project ? Get helpful tips on reading together The Discover reading level is for developing readers. These books have simple but varied text with a basic story development. There are four fun books at this level.	2007-01-04	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007183272	Jane's warship recognition guide	Anthony John Watts		THE authoritative guide to the world's warships. The Jane's Recognition Guides are top-of-the-range and this guide to over 2,200 Warships is no exception. This is an essential for all naval and military enthusiasts. Using up-to-date photography and data from the world famous Jane's Fighting Ships, Jane's Warships Recognition Guide is the most authoritative naval reference guide from the defence experts available to the general public. In its popular compact and user-friendly format, it is now even easier to study warship types from around the globe, either out and about, at displays or at home. Whatever your level of interest or knowledge this book is indispensible, with composite diagrams at the front to help the less experienced find their way around any warship or submarine, to the detailed technical data and silhouette illustrations to help with horizon or sun backed views. Contents Foreword About this book Composite warship Types of warship masts Composite submarine Aircraft Carriers Cruisers Destroyers Frigates Corvettes Patrol Forces Amphibious Forces Mine Warfare Forces Submarines NATO Stanag designations used in this book Glossary Index	2006	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007265237	The Desperate Diary of a Country Housewife	Daisy Waugh		Have You'Ve Ever Dreamt Of A New Life In The Country? This Highly Entertaining And Candid Account Of Country Living Might Make You Think Again... Fresh Air, Rolling Fields, Cath Kidston Tea Towels And Home-Baked Cake Isn'T That What Martha'S New Life Will Be? Apparently Not. Having Upped Sticks And Moved Her Young Family From The Gritty City To Paradise, She Discovers Things Aren'T Quite That Easy. Collapsing Kitchen Ceilings; A Plague Of Slugs; Coffee Mornings With Stepford Mums And Garden Warfare With The Neighbours Are Just A Few Of The Trials. And With Her Husband Away Working In London, Martha Just Can'T Stop Thinking About The Sexy Builder Who'S Meant To Be Turning The House Into Her Dream Home& Martha Mole And Family Moved Two Summers Ago From London To Start A New Life In The Country. It Didn'T Go As Smoothly As Planned. She Kept A Diary. It Should Be Noted, However, That There May Have Been Times In The Book When Her Imagination Got The Better Of Her	2008-09-23	Harper						ZZZ000000
9780002258548	What makes women happy	Fay Weldon		With inimitable wit and insight, this encouraging tome humorously leaps into what makes women happy and what women can do to lead more rounded and balanced lives. Women can learn how to tackle anxiety, envy, guilt, and other sources of female stress, while giving in to indulgences and desires like sex, food, friends, family, shopping, and chocolate. Chapters contain sassy morals, illustrative and sympathetic stories, and a lot of frank advice to show women how to stop obssessing and feeling bad about themselves. Later chapters confront the four horses of a woman's apocalypse: despair, depression, isolation, and self-doubt.	2006-09-30	Fourth Estate						PSY000000
9780007201105	Ya-Yas in Bloom	Rebecca Wells		An emotionally charged addition to Rebecca Wells' bestselling and much loved previous novels, Ya-Yas in Bloom reveals the roots of the Ya-Yas' friendship in the 1930s and roars through sixty years of marriage, child-raising, and hair-raising family secrets...When four year old Teensy Whitman stuffs a pecan up her nose, she sets off the chain of events that lead Teensy, Caro, Vivi and Necie to become true sister-friends. Told in alternating voices of Vivi and the Petite Ya-Yas, Siddalee and Baylor Walker, as well as other denizens of Thornton, Louisiana, Ya-Yas in Bloom shows is the Ya-Yas in love, and at war with convention.Through crises of faith and hilarious lapses of parenting skills, brushes with alcoholism and glimpses of the dark reality of racial bigotry, the Ya-Ya values of unconditional loyalty, high style and Cajun sass shine through.But in the Ya-Yas' inimitable way, these four remarkable women also teach their children about the Mysteries: the wonder of snow in the Deep South, the possibility that humans are made of stars, and the belief that miracles do happen. And they need a miracle when old grudges and wounded psyches lead to a heartbreaking crime - and the dynamic web of sisterhood is the only safety net strong enough to endure.	2006-04-03	HarperCollins						FIC000000
9780007244522	Good Fun Farm	Ian Whybrow		Collins Big Cat Read at Home is a series of stories by top children's authors and illustrators that children will love to read. Built-in progression within and between each level help you choose the right story to develop your child's confidence as they become independent readers. Extra activities will motivate and entertain your child. In the story Good Fun Farm, the animals are fed up. The sign says Good Fun Farm, but they never have any fun. One day the smallest duckling makes an interesting discovery. Soon everyone on the farm is having fun ... find out how! ? Read the story Good Fun Farm ? Re-tell the story using mini picture prompts ? Complete a variety of interesting activities ? Make a fun theme-based project ? Get helpful tips on reading together The Love reading level is for confident readers. These books are longer and more entertaining stories that unfold gradually, often through dialogue. There are four fun books at this level.	2007-01-04	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007183302	SAS Survival Guide,How to Survive Anywhere, on Land Or at Sea	John Wiseman		The Bestselling Guide To How To Survive In The Wild, In Any Climate, On Land Or At Sea. Written By Ex-Sas Survival Expert. Have You Thought About How You Would Deal With Surviving Out In The Wild With Nothing But The Plants You Could Forage? Do You Wonder How You Would Manage If You Were Lost And Had To Set Up An Improvised Camp? Can You Tie Knots Or Make Basic Weather Forecasts? All The Above And Much More Are Covered In The Gem Sas Survival Guide. The Book Is Based On The Training Techniques Of The Special Air Service, The World S Most Famous Elite Fighting Force. Whether You Are A Camper, A Hiker, A Sailor Or Anyone Else Engaged In Outdoor Pursuits, This Reference Bible Could Actually Save Your Life. Using Clear Line Drawings And Colour Illustrations, Survival Techniques From The Sea To The Mountains And From The Polar Icecaps To The Desert Are Described, Complete With What To Do In A Whole Range Of Medical And Meteorological Emergencies. This Edition Has Been Updated To Reflect Rapidly Changing Developments In Communication, Textile And Survival Technologies, To Make The Most Of Your Outdoor Pursuits.	2004	Collins Gem						ZZZ000000
9780007131693	A savage kingdom,Virginia and the founding of English America	Benjamin Woolley		Stunning epic history of the first Virginia Colony and the true story of Pocahontas, to coincide with the colony's 400th anniversary in 2007. Four hundred years ago, a small group of Englishmen landed on the shores of Chesapeake Bay, and set about colonizing the land they had dubbed Virginia. Within months their tiny, precarious settlement faced extinction. Yet somehow, through some of the worst weather conditions in recorded history, in the face of deadly faction fighting, political sabotage, Indian hostility and Spanish threats, they prevailed, laying the foundation of an English-speaking America. Drawing on new discoveries in the British archives and neglected primary sources, 'Savage Kingdom' challenges the prevailing view that the Virginia enterprise was driven by profit and crippled by incompetence. The colonization of America was a bold, even reckless political adventure, driven by a sense of imperial destiny, and dogged by official hostility. It was part of a 'heroical design' to create a New World free of the convulsive forces that were destroying the old one. Unlike other books published so far on Jamestown 'Savage Kingdom' aims to capture the epic scale of the story by setting the Virginia venture in a global context that reaches from Paris to the Orinoco Delta, from Angola to New England, from the Ottoman Empire to the chiefdoms of the Blue Ridge Mountains. Woolley also reveals new evidence brought against key figures of the venture such as the 'charge of immorality' against the man selected to be the colony's first religious minister; the accusations of treasonous talk levelled against Bartholomew Gosnold, the prime mover of the enterprise, and the connections between the expedition's mysterious third-in-command, John Radcliffe, and England's spy network.	2007	HarperPress						ZZZ000000
9780007267132	The Game	Diana Wynne Jones		A dark castle in Ireland, a mysterious, secret game, and a host of magnificent characters -- Diana Wynne Jones' latest magical offering is a splendid blend of the familiar and the unusual. Hayley's parents disappeared when she was a baby, so she has been brought up by her grandparents. Then one day she is packed off to Ireland to live with her aunts -- and a whole host of cousins she never new about! Here she is introduced to "the game" which involves adventures in the forbidden "mythosphere". And here also is where Hayley discovers the truth about her family.	2008-02-07	HarperCollins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007267699	Witch Week	Diana Wynne Jones		The worlds of Chrestmomanci have limitless possibilities. How, then, does a nine-lived enchanter cope with a place where witchcraft is utterly forbidden, yet where magic still seems to break out like measles - all over the place!The note said: SOMEONE IN THIS CLASS IS A WITCH.It was written in ordinary blue ballpoint and had appeared between two of the homework books Mr Crossley was marking.Anyone could have written it, but the most awful thing was, the note might be true - for this was a school for witch-orphans. The last thing Miss Cadwallader, the Headteacher, would want was a visit from the Divisional Inquisitor.Mr Crossley wondered what to do about it...	2008-02-14	Collins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007267682	Magicians of Caprona	Diana Wynne Jones		In the worlds of Chrestomanci, anything can happen. This adventure takes place in the Italian Dukedom of Caprona, where spells are as slippery and as tricksy as spaghetti!Casa Montana and Casa Petrocchi look after the magical business in the Dukedom of Caprona, watched over by its magnificent guardian statue, the Angel. The families have been feuding for years, so when all the spells start going wrong, each naturally blames the other.Then young Tonino Montana and Angelica Petrocchi disappear. Could the terrible rumours of a White Devil who threatens Caprona be true after all?	2008-02-14	Collins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007273416	Pesky Monkeys	Hongying Yang		Chinese Boys Can Be Horrid Too! Join In The Fun As Mo-Shen Ma And His Mischievous Father Run Riot Through School And Home. There'S No Trouble They Can'T Get Into Or Out Of& Every Book In The Mo'S Mischief Series Is Packed With Hilarious Adventures And A Unique Insight Into Modern Chinese Life. Mo-Shen Ma Is Staying At His Grandparents' House For The Summer Holidays. It'S So Much Fun! He Makes Lots Of New Friends And Plays Some Great Games, Like Hide-And-Seek With Dogs! But When Mo-Shen Visits The Zoo, Some Naughty Monkeys Play Havoc With Him And His Friends. What Can He Do To Get Them Back? As Ever, Mo-Shen Has A Plan...	2008-04-01	Collins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007273409	Teacher's Pet	Hongying Yang		Chinese Boys Can Be Horrid Too! Join In The Fun As Mo-Shen Ma And His Mischievous Father Run Riot Through School And Home. There S No Trouble They Can T Get Into Or Out Of& Every Book In The Mo S Mischief Series Is Packed With Hilarious Adventures And A Unique Insight Into Modern Chinese Life. Mo-Shen Ma Sits Next To Lu Manman In Class And He Can T Stand Her! She S A Teacher S Pet And She S Always Telling On Him And Getting Him Into Trouble. Lu Manman Is Also Class President But When She Runs For The School Committee, Mo-Shen Persuades Everyone To Vote For Her. And When She Gets Ill, Mo-Shen Visits Her At Home On Behalf Of The Class. What Could He Be Up To?	2008-04-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007273423	You're No Fun, Mum!	Hongying Yang		Chinese Boys Can Be Horrid Too! Join In The Fun As Mo-Shen Ma And His Mischievous Father Run Riot Through School And Home. There S No Trouble They Can T Get Into Or Out Of& Every Book In The Mo S Mischief Series Is Packed With Hilarious Adventures And A Unique Insight Into Modern Chinese Life. Who Does Mo-Shen Ma Love Most? His Mum! Not Only Is She Beautiful, But She S Also A Great Detective. When Mo-Shen Tries To Frame His Dad For One Of His Naughty Pranks, His Mum Finds Out Immediately! How Does She Do It? If Mo-Shen Wants To Play The Way He Likes, He Ll Have To Work Out How To Get Around His Mum&	2008-04-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007273393	Four Troublemakers	Hongying Yang		Chinese Boys Can Be Horrid Too! Join In The Fun As Mo-Shen Ma And His Mischievous Father Run Riot Through School And Home. There'S No Trouble They Can'T Get Into Or Out Of& Every Book In The Mo'S Mischief Series Is Packed With Hilarious Adventures And A Unique Insight Into Modern Chinese Life. Meet Mo-Shen Ma And His Three Best Friends! There'S Hippo, Who'S Grumpy And Slow. Monkey, Who Never Stops Talking And Is Thin As A Rake. And Penguin, Who Waddles Just Like A Fat Bird. In Other Words, This Is The Sorriest Crew Of Naughty Boys You'Re Ever Likely To Meet! But All The Friends Have Special Skills, And When Disaster Strikes, They Become Unlikely Heroes&	2008-04-01	Collins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007251179	How Do Dinosaurs Clean Their Rooms?	Jane Yolen		Boisterous toddler board books join the phenomenally best-selling a??How Do Dinosaursa?? series! How do dinosaurs clean their rooms? With rubbish bins and dusters and brooms! Jane Yolen's playful, read-aloud text and Mark Teague's hilarious illustrations show your own little dinosaurs just how fun and easy tidying up can be! Perfect for parents to read aloud to their children, this book is as funny as it is instructive.	2008-02-04	Collins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007251117	How Do Dinosaurs Play with Their Friends?	Jane Yolen		Boisterous toddler board books join the phenomenally best-selling _How Do Dinosaurs_ series!What if a dinosaur's friends come to play?Does he mope, does he pout if he can't get his way?Does he hide all his dump trucks, refusing to share?Does he throw his friends' colouring books up in the air?Time and time again, children are told to "play nicely." This brilliantly illustrated board book is packed with rhymes that will teach children how.Mark Teague's laugh-out-loud illustrations, along with Jane Yolen's playful text, will show children that "playing nicely" can be easy and fun.Perfect for parents to read aloud to their children, this book is as funny as it is instructive.	2008-02-04	Collins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007309016	Collins Very First Spanish Dictionary	Collins		Collins Very First Spanish Dictionary (age 6+) is packed full of fun and useful vocabulary to give you and your child a head start in learning Spanish.Based on the popular Collins First Time Spanish Dictionary, this book is designed to introduce your child to the world of dictionaries in a fun and accessible way!' 500 illustrated words in English-to-Spanish alphabetical order.' Example sentences show your child how Spanish is really used.' Learning is easier when it's fun! Collins Very First Spanish Dictionary includes plenty of thematic pages on interesting topics such as animals, school, clothes & colours.' Complete Spanish-to-English index so you and your child can find your favourite Spanish word easily.' Audio files for every headword and phrase available free at www.collinslanguage.com/veryfirst' Collins Very First Spanish Dictionary follows National Curriculum guidelines for modern foreign languages.Also available is the Collins Very First French Dictionary.	2009-08-15	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						FOR026000
9780007292547	Easy Chicken	Delicious&HARPERCOLLINS PUBLISHERS		100 clever recipes and tips from the worlds best food magazineLooking for a quick supper idea or tasty suggestions for Sunday lunch with friends? In Easy Chicken, the editors of delicious. magazine have gathered 100 of their best chicken recipes for: Soups and light lunches  Main meal salads  Hot and spicy suppers  Warming winter meals  Oven-baked dishes and stove top specialsThese tried-and-tested recipes with straightforward steps will have you inspired no matter what your mood. And the best part? Youll never be at a loss for what to make for yourself or your family for dinner anymore!100 recipe options are gorgeously illustrated with photographs, accompanied by a sprinkling of cooks tips to help you along the way. Some of the mouth-watering dishes include: Classic garlic roast chicken on potatoes with rosemary and pancetta  Noodle, chicken and aubergine coconut laksa  Chicken and chorizo pilaffWith tips on shopping for the right chicken and expert advice on chicken preparation, this little cookbook is loaded with everything you need for chicken meals that are quicky, easy, and of course, delicious!	2009-03-05	Harper Collins Publishers						ZZZ000000
9780007292554	Food for Friends	Delicious&HARPERCOLLINS PUBLISHERS		100 clever recipes and tips from the world's best food magazineWhether you're expecting a crowd for a lazy Sunday lunch or having a light supper with a few friends, the editors of delicious magazine have gathered 100 of their best food ideas for every occasion: Simple starters  Tantalizing comfort food  Scrumptious side dishes  Al fresco meals  Elegant dinner recipes  Delectable dessertsOne hundred recipe options are gorgeously illustrated with photographs, accompanied by a sprinkling of helpful cook's tips to help you along the way. Enjoy a feta and slow-roasted tomato salad. Or in just 20 minutes, prepare a seared salmon with cucumber, ginger and hot chilli salsa.Featuring an array of recipes from sides and starters to smart meals for elegant gatherings, youll never be at a loss for dishes that are simple, modern, and of course, delicious!	2009-03-05	Harper Collins Publishers						ZZZ000000
9780007266845	Collins Pocket English Dictionary	Collins				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007269310	The Secret of the Scroll	No Author		Kung Fu Panda is one of the most anticpated films of 2008. With Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman and Angelina Jolie on board, it is set to be a global blockbuster! Join Po on his quest to become the Dragon Warrior and save the Valley of Peace from the evil Tai Lung. With over 45 posters for you to colour!	2008-06-02	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007269303	Panda Style!,Sticker Activity Book	No Author		Meet The Coolest Kung Fu Masters In All Of Ancient China The Furious Five And Their Master Shifu. Can These Fearsome Warriors Train Panda Po To Be The Fabled Dragon Warrior? Find Out If He Has What It Takes With These Cool Puzzles And Games! The Book Also Includes Lots Of Movie Stickers And Two Sticker Scenes. An Absolute Must-Have For Every Kung Fu Panda Fan!	2008-06-02	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007246557	Collins Internet-Linked Dict. Of Science	HarperCollins Publishers Limited			2006-08-06	HarperCollins						SCI060000
9788172235871	Goa	No Author		India S Premier Holiday Destination, Goa, Combines The Heart Of The East With The Passion Of The West. A Portuguese Colony Until 1961, Goa Is Best Known For Its Beautiful Beaches, Relaxed Lifestyle And Laid-Back Ambience. The Unbeatable Blend Of Sun, Sea And Sand Is Enhanced By Goa S Composite Culture And Cuisine. Add To That A Spirit Of Fun, A Joy Of Life Alegria Da Vida And You Ll Understand Why Goa Is A Slice Of Heaven On Earth, A Veritable Feast For The Senses, A Carnival That Never Stops. The Harpercollin S Travel Guide S Aim Is To Showcase Goa To Visitors With Up-To-Date Information On Destinations, Hotels, Transportation And Activities. Offering An Insider S Perspective On Goa, We Take You Off The Beaten Track To Obscure Little Places That Delight The Seasoned Traveler Looking For A Holiday With A Difference. The Guide Also Takes Into Account The First-Time Traveler Offering Him Or Her A Choice Of Trails To The Most Popular Destinations In The State, Supplementing Essential Travel Information With Inputs On Culture, Crafts, Shopping And Sightseeing.	2004	HarperCollins Publishers, a joint venture with The India Today Group						ZZZ000000
9780007246458	Internet Linked Dictionary Statistics	Roger Porkess				N/A						ZZZ000000
9780722529959	How to gain an extra hour every day,more than 500 time-saving tips	Ray Josephs			1994-09-12	Thorsons						ZZZ000000
9788172236496	When Lightning Strikes	Dr.Valery Feigin				Harper Collins						ZZZ000000
9788172234973	The last jet-engine laugh	Ruchir Joshi		It Is The Not-So-Distant Future, And In The Belligerent Wannabe Superpower That Is India, Para, A Tomboyish Fighter Pilot, Flies Sorties Against The Pak-Saudi Alliance. She Has Been Trained To Kill, To Be A Deadly Instrument For The Military Ambitions Of The Ultra-Modern, Ultra-Competitive State. And Yet It Is Less Than A Hundred Years Since Her Smart Sarcastic, Principled Grandparents Met On A Non-Violent Demonstration Against British Rule In Ahmedabad, Falling In Love As They Were Trampled By Mounted Police. Their Only Son Paresh, Grows Up To Drift Through Life, Torn In Different Directions All At Once, Though He Does Produce An Entirely Spirited, Directed Daughter Para. How Did India Get Para From Her Grandparents? And What Happened To The Generation In Between, Of Paresh And His Peers? Moving Between Crowd Scenes And Midair Battles, Between Sexual Farce And Social Embarrassment, Joshi Maps The Arcs Made By These Four Striking Characters, By The Family They Make Up, And By Their Country, Across A Complex And Confused Century. Joshi'S Writing Is Sharp, Loose, Fluent And Varied. The Last Jet-Engine Laugh Is A Novel That Is Jaded And Yet Principled, Ribald And Yet Serious, Vigorous Yet Sensitive. It Feels Authentic, Considered And Moving At All Times. It Marks The Arrival Of A Writer Whose Prose Is Fresh, As Surprising And As Distinctly Original As Any To Come Out Of India In The Last Two Decades.	2002	HarperCollins Publishers India						ZZZ000000
9788172236373	There, where the pepper grows	Bem Le Hunte			2006	HarperCollins Publishers India, a joint venture with the India Today Group						ZZZ000000
9788172235918	Your Child Can Think Like A Genius	Bernadette Tynan				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007823833	Love Rules & Home Truths ( Two In One )	Freya North		Love RulesLove Or Luist, Passion Or Prosmises? Thea Luckmore Loves Romance And Lives For The Magic Of True Love. She'S Determined Only Ever To Fall Head Over Heels, Or Rather, Heart Over Head. Alice Heggarty, Her Best Friend, Has Always Loved Lust- Nut She'S Fed Up With The Dashing Rogues. Now He'S Set Her Sights On Good, Sensible Husband Material. And She'S Found Him. For Thea, A Chance Encounter On Primose Hill Ignites That Elusive Spark. Saul Mundy Appears To Be The Perfect Fir And Thea'S Heart Is Snapped Up Fast. However, Newly Wed Alice Finds She'S Not As Keen As She Thought On Playing By The Rules And She Starts To Break Them Left, Right And Centre. At The Same Time, A Shocking Discovery Shatters Thea'S Belief In Everlasting Love.When It Comes To Love, Should You Listen To Your Head, Your Heart, Or Your Best Friend? Home TruthsFamily Matters. Doesn'T ItOur Mother Ran Off With A Cowboy From Denver When We Were Small& Raised By Their Loving And Eccentric Uncle Django, The Mccabe Sisters Assume Their Early Thirties Will Be A Time Of Happiness And Stability. However, Cat, The Youngest, Is Home From Abroad To Begin A New Phase Of Her Life-But It'S Providing More Difficult That She Thought. Fen Is Determined To Be A Better Mother To Her Baby Than Her Own Was To Her-Though Her Love-Life Is Suffering As A Result. Pip, The Eldest, Loves Looking After Her Stepson, Her Husband, Her Uncle And Her Sisters-Even If Her Own Needs Are Sidelined. At Django'S 75Th Birthday Party, Secrets Are Revealed That Throw The Family Into Chaos. Can Heart And However Be Reconciled For The Mccabes? After All, What Does It Mean If Suddenly Your Sisters Aren'T Quite Your Sisters?		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007778683	Instant Facts Physics A-Z Of Essential Facts And Definitions	Eric Deeson				N/A						ZZZ000000
9780007778652	Collins Instant Facts Chemistry	William A.H.Scott				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007778614	Collins Instant Facts English	Graham King				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007778645	Collins Instant Facts Biology	T.A.Mccahill				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007778638	Collins Instant Facts Science	D Mcmonagle				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007281589	Hashi :Addictive Number Puzzle	Puzzler Media		After Su Doku, Hashi Is One Of The Most Popular Japanese Logic Puzzles In Japan. Hashi Requires Logic And Reasoning, Not Mathematical Ability. If You Think Su Doku Is Addictive, You Ll Certainly Enjoy The Challenge Of Hashi. A Collection Of 150 New Puzzles Of Varying Degrees Of Difficulty: 10 Easy, 30 Mild, 60 Difficult, 40 Super Difficult, 10 Super Super Difficult. Hashi Means Bridge In Japanese. In Hashi You Must Connect A Series Of Circles (Islands) Containing Numbers By Lines (Bridges) So That The Islands Form One Continuous Connected Path. Easy Enough? Well There Are Naturally Some Extra Rules To Make Life A Little Harder: The Bridges Must Be Straight Lines, Running Horizontally Or Vertically Between The Islands; They Cannot Run Diagonally. The Bridges Cannot Cross Each Other Or Any Island. The Number Of Bridges Connected To Each Island Is The Same As The Number Inside The Island And There Can Be A Maximum Of Two Bridges Between Any Two Islands.	2008	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007220663	Derek Acorah's Amazing Psychic Stories	Derek Acorah		Amazing stories of psychic encounters by TV's favourite psychic, Derek Acorah. The star of LIVINGtv's '~Ghost Towns' shares incredible real-life tales of dramatic rescues, dream visitations and near-death experiences from his own life and the lives of many of the people he has worked with. The book includes: '  Why hauntings occur, and why certain locations are '~chosen' by the ghost. '  Miraculous survival stories which defy explanation, including remarkable medical recoveries. '  Near-death experiences, and an answer to the question '~what is it really like to die?' '  Spirit visitations '" how and why spirits can visit earth, and how psychic medium communication works. '  Real-life dramas and what happened when those from the afterlife intervened. '  What these encounters with the spirit world mean, and how they prove the existence of life after death.	2006	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						OCC016000
9780007261185	Disappearing world,the Earth's most extraordinary and endangered places	Alonzo Addison		Disappearing World uncovers the dramatic story behind over 100 of the most threatened World Heritage Sites. Sites of natural and cultural significance have been preserved as World Heritage Sites since 1972 with 851 locations now on the official list. Although this offers some level of protection, it does not make them completely safe. REVEALING OUR MOST PRECIOUS AND ENDANGERED TRACES OF HISTORY Disappearing World presents the issues facing conservation of unique places around the world in a highly illustrated and accessible way. From the earthquake ruins of Bam in Iran to the impact of war on the sites in Congo. The devastation caused by the Taliban in Afghanistan and the increasing pressure from construction work in areas such as Dresden Elbe Valley in Germany and Kathmandhu Valley in Nepal are highlighted. A detailed picture of each site is given with text, timelines, maps and inspiring images. SUCCESS STORIES One of the aims of creating World Heritage Sites is to protect sites from ending up as just entries in history books. Despite all the risks to the sites there are still many success stories. A selection of these will be presented including the preservation of the Historic Monuments of Kyoto in Japan and Cambodia's celebrated temples and palaces at Angkor where illicit excavation, pillaging and landmines were the main threats. Chapter Breakdown  Conflict Threats of conflict and war  Theft Looting and illicit trading of go  Development Rapid growth of building  Tourism Impacts of large visitor numbers  Pollution Pollution/acid rain  Disasters Hurricanes, earthquakes, volcanoes  Constraints Managing of sites  Changing Uses Disappearing population  Invaders Dangerous invasive species  Climate change A rapidly changing climate	2007-10-01	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007221677	Young Zorro,The Iron Brand	Jan Adkins		A Swashbuckling Adventure Story, Based On The Character In Isabel Allende S Novel, Zorro, But Imagining His Childhood Adventures. When Cattle Start To Go Missing From The De La Vega S Ranch, And Skilled Workmen Disappear From The Local Villages, It Is Clear That Something Mysterious Is Going On. But Diego (The Young Zorro) And His Brother Bernardo Are Determined To Get To The Bottom Of The Mystery& And Soon Become Embroiled In An Exciting And Dangerous Conspiracy. An Exciting Action-Adventure Story About The Childhood Of Zorro And His Sidekick Bernardo. This Novel Is Based On The Character In Isabel Allende S Novel Zorro In Which She Imagines Zorro S Childhood. Zorro Is An Imaginary Character Who Was Invented At The Beginning Of The Twentieth Century Half Hispanic And Half Native American And The Book Is Set In Southern California In The Late Nineteenth Century. The Author Jan Adkins Helped Isabel Allende With The Research For Her Novel, Which Was Published In The Uk In May 2005. Allende S Name Will Appear On The Jacket.	2005	HarperCollins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007823802	P. S. I Love You/ If You Could See Me Now	Cecelia Ahern		P.S. I Love You Some People Wait Their Whole Lives To Find Their Soul Mates. But Not Holly And Gerry. Childhood Sweethearts, They Could Finish Each Other'S Sentences And Even When They Fought, They Laughed. No One Could Imagine Holly And Gerry Without Each Other. Until The Unthinkable Happens. Gerry'S Death Devastates Holly. But As Her 30Th Birthday Looms, Gerry Comes Back To Her. He'S Left Her A Bundle Of Notes, One For Each Of The Months After His Death, Gently Guiding Holly Into Her New Life Without Him, Each Note Signed 'Ps, I Love You'. As The Notes Are Gradually Opened, And As The Year Unfolds, Holly Is Both Cheered Up And Challenged. The Man Who Knows Her Better Than Anyone Sets Out To Teach Her That Life Goes On. With Some Help From Her Friends, And Her Noisy And Loving Family, Holly Finds Herself Laughing, Crying, Singing, Dancing And Being Braver Than Ever Before. Life Is For Living, She Realises But It Always Helps If There'S An Angel Watching Over You. If You Could See Me Now What If Love Was Right There In Front Of You- You Just Couldn T See It? Everything In Elizabeth Egan S Life Has Its Place, From The Espresso Cups In Her Gleaming Kitchen To The Swatches And Paint Pots Of Her Interior Design Business. Order And Precision Keep Life Under Control And Elizabeth S Heart From The Pain And Hurt She Has Suffered In The Past. The Only Cloud On The Horizon Is Her Sister Saoirse, A Red-Haired Whirlwind Always Leaving Behind Pieces Which Elizabeth Struggles To Pick Up Including Her Six-Year-Old Son Luke. Being A Reluctant Mother While Trying To Keep Her Business On Track Is A Full-Time Job, One Which Leaves Little Room For Error Or Fun. Until, One Day, A Stranger Unexpectedly Comes Into Their Lives. Ivan Is Carefree, Spontaneous And Always Looking For Adventure Everything That Elizabeth Is Not. In No Time At All, He Has Crept Under Her Skin And Started To Change Her Life In Ways She Could Never Have . She Knows Barely Anything About Ivan Who He Is And Whether He Is Everything He Seems. And If There Is A Future For Their Blossoming Relationship& Full Of Cecelia Ahern S Trademark Warmth And Poignancy, If You Could See Me Now Is A Love Story With Heart And Just A Little Bit Of Magic&		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007272754	Spirit Of The Home	Jane Alexander				Thorson Publishing Group						ZZZ000000
9780007275793	Rachel's Favourite Food at Home	Rachel Allen		This beautifully illustrated cookbook offers the delicious, inspiring, and easy-to-follow recipes for which Rachel Allen has become famous. Drawing on international influences, classic regional fare, and good old family favorites, this essential guide provides creative options for every occasion, whether youre planning a simple family meal, hosting a festive dinner for the entire clan, squeezing in a sneaky romantic meal for two, heading out for a picnic, or chilling out on the sofa with your favorite comfort food.	2008-05-06	HarperCollins UK						ZZZ000000
9780006552321	Daughter of fortune	Isabel Allende		From acclaimed international bestselling author Isabel Allende comes this dazzling historical novel, a sweeping portrait of an unconventional woman carving her own destiny in an era defined by violence, passion, and adventure. An orphan raised in Valparaso, Chile, by a Victorian spinster and her rigid brother, young, vivacious Eliza Sommers follows her lover to California during the Gold Rush of 1849 -- a danger-filled quest that will become a momentous journey of transformation. In this rough-and-tumble world of panhandlers and prostitutes, immigrants and aristocrats, Eliza will discover a new life of freedom, independence, and a love greater than any ever dreamed. Performed by Blair Brown	2000-08-07	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780007272860	How Long Till My Soul Gets It Right ?	Robert M. Alter&Alter				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007291038	Confessions Of A Lapdancer	Anonymous		City Girl By Day, City Stripper By Night Geri Carson Is Fed Up With Life In The City. Forced To Act As One The Boys In Order To Climb The Ladder Of One Of London'S Biggest Investment Banks, It Seems However Hard She Tries, She'S Constantly Sidelined - Her Male Colleagues All Get Bigger Bonuses And The Most Prestigious Accounts. Struggling To Keep Up With An Increasingly Lavish Lifestyle, Geri Gets Deeper Into Debt. She Needs Cash - And Fast. A Company Night Out Leads Her To A Lap-Dancing Club. She'S Awestruck By How Much Power The Girls Command - And Completely Turned On. Forced To Return To The Club The Next Day When She Leaves Her Purse Behind, Geri Is Presented With An Offer She Can'T Refuse. A Chance To Earn 500 Per Night Lap-Dancing In One Of The Hottest Clubs In Town. At First Petrified, Once The Lights Go Up, Gerry Has Never Felt More Alive. She'S A Natural And Soon Becomes Intoxicated By Her New Job. Then She Becomes Involved With A Millionaire Client. The Sex Is Mind-Blowing. But Then She Discovers A Seedier And Scarier Side To Life As A Lap Dancer. A World Where Anything Goes And Only The Strongest Survive&		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780006383475	A history of Jerusalem,one city, three faiths	Karen Armstrong		'A History of Jerusalem' is useful for not only by visitors and potential travellers in Jerusalem, but for the general reader as well.|PB	2005	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007270477	I, Robot	Isaac Asimov			1971	A Fawcett Crest Book						ZZZ000000
9780007270439	Foundation & Earth	Isaac Asimov			19??	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007270422	Foundation	Isaac Asimov			1971	Avon						ZZZ000000
9780007241507	The Second Mrs Darcy	Elizabeth Aston		Romance and scandal abound in this warm and witty tale of the young widow Octavia Darcy, whose attempts to secure her fortune and clear her name lead her through all manner of difficulties. a??I am a woman of independent means, definitely in possession of a good fortune, but I am not in the least in want of a husband!a?? So declares Octavia Darcy. She hasna??t always been in this happy position. Raised as a poor relation, despised by her half-sisters, sent to India to be married off, only to have her brief happiness as the second wife of Captain Darcy dashed by his early death a?? life has been hard. But an unexpected legacy leaves her extremely well off and for the first time ever she can decide her own fate. Her family think otherwise. Suddenly everyone wants to know her, advise her, pay court to her. Who can she rely on? Luckily her new-found acquaintance with her Darcy cousins takes her to Meryton, where Netherfield Hall has an argumentative but undoubtedly intriguing new tenanta?|	2008-10-10	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007273133	Principles Of Psychotherapy	Avery&Brice				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007205295	The Harmony Silk Factory	Tash Aw			2005-05-03	Harpercollins						ZZZ000000
9780007236428	The Jesus papers: exposing the greatest cover-up in history	Michael Baigent		What if everything you think you know about Jesus is wrong? In The Jesus Papers Michael Baigent reveals the truth about Jesus's life and tackles controversial questions, such as whether or not there is incontrovertible proof that Jesus Christ survived the crucifixion. Twenty years ago Michael Baigent and his colleagues stunned the world with a controversial theory that Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene married and founded a holy bloodline. His bestselling book Holy Blood, Holy Grail (with co-authors Henry Lincoln and Richard Leigh) became an international publishing phenomenon and was one of the sources for Dan Brown's novel The Da Vinci Code. Now, with two additional decades of research behind him, Baigent's The Jesus Papers presents explosive new evidence that challenges everything we know about the life and death of Jesus.  Who could have aided and abetted Jesus and why?  Where could Jesus have done after the crucifixion?  What is the truth behind the creation of the New Testament?  Who is working to keep the truth buried and why? Taking us back to sites that over the last twenty years he has meticulously explored, studied, and in some instances excavated for the first time, Baigent provides a detailed account of his groundbreaking discoveries, including many never-before-seen photos.	2006	Harper Element						REL006710
9780007232468	Kingdom come	J. G. Ballard		A new masterpiece of fiction from J. G. Ballard which asks, could Consumerism turn into Facism? Richard Pearson, unemployed advertising executive and life-long rebel, is driving out to Brooklands, a motorway town on the M25. A few weeks earlier his father was fatally wounded at the Metro-Centre, a vast shopping mall in the centre of this apparently peaceful town, when a deranged mental patient opened fire on a crowd of shoppers. When the main suspect is released without charge thanks to the dubious testimony of self-styled pillars of the community '" including Julia Goodwin, the doctor who treated his father on his deathbed '" Richard suspects that there is more to his father's death than meets the eye, a more sinister element lurking behind the pristine facades of the labyrinthine mall. Determined to unravel the mystery, Richard soon realises that the Metro-Centre, with its round-the-clock cable channel and sports clubs, lies at the very heart of his father's death. Consumerism rules the lives of everyone in the motorway towns and feeds the cravings of this bored community with its desperate need for something new, whatever the cost. Riots frequently terrorise the streets, immigrant communities are set upon by roving bands of hooligans and sports events mushroom into jingoistic political rallies. Gradually, Richard finds himself drawn into this world, caught up in the workings of the mall, exposed to the insides of the consumer dream, and starts upon dismantling this wayward vision his advertising career helped to found' In this gripping, dystopian tour de force, J.G. Ballard holds up a mirror to middle England, reflecting an unsettling image of suburbia and revealing the darker forces at work beneath the gloss of consumerism and flag-waving patriotism.	2006	Fourth Estate						ZZZ000000
9780007203642	Summit,150 Years of the Alpine Club	George Band		Founded in 1857, Britain's Alpine Club was the world's first mountaineering society. Its history is the history of mountaineering, and from the beginning, its members have been at the leading edge of worldwide mountaineering.Thisbookbegins with the storyof the Club's inception, then takes readers through the evolution of the Alpine tradition, the development of climbing between the wars,and on topostwar triumphs. It explores the Golden Decade of the 8000m peaks in the 1950s as well as how improvements in technology have enabled ever steeper faces and walls to be conquered. Illustrated with a lavish selection of photos from the Alpine Club archives, this book is as handsome as it is compelling.	2007	Collins						SPO029000
9788172237172	With the tiger	Inez Baranay		With The Tiger Is Both An Imitation Of And A Tribute To Somerset Maugham'S 1944 Novel, The Razor'S Edge. Maugham'S Characters Americans In Europe Between The Wars Return As Australians In The Late 1970S: The Charismatic Young Larry; His High School Sweetheart Turned High Society Hostess, Isabel; Her Husband, The Real Estate Tycoon Gray Maturin; Isabel'S Uncle, The Incorrigible, Iniquitous Elliot Templeton; And The Narrator, A Gay Playwright Named After Maugham. In This Re-Imagined Fictional Universe, Larry'S Early Life-Changing Experience Occurs Not As An Under-Age Enlistee In The First World War But During A Teenage Backpacking Trip To India, Where He Returns Several Times, To Live In A Fashionable Ashram, A Buddhist Monastery, And With An Enigmatic Saint. The Choices Larry Makes And Their Ramifications For Those Around Him Especially Isabel, Who Continues To Miss His Presence In Her Life Are Played Out Against The Backdrop Of The 1980S And 90S. In Its Exploration Of A Nation'S Social History At A Time Of Great Change (Maugham'S Setting Being The Years Before And After The Great Depression) As Well As In Characterization And Narrative Structure, With The Tiger Takes Its Inspiration From The Master Storyteller, But Its Location In A Different Place And Time Allows For A Fresh Interpretation Of The Westerner'S Experience Of India.	2008-04-01	Harper Collins Publishers India						ZZZ000000
9780007273546	Darkmans	Nicola Barker		Roman der omhandler krlighed og jalousi, besttelse, fordrivelse, komedie, kunst og ikke mindst fortiden, som hvisker noget helt mrkt og helt ubeskriveligt.	2007-10-01	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007276639	Dying Game	Beverly Barton			2006	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007229277	He's Just Not That Into You,Your Daily Wake-up Call	Greg Behrendt&Liz Tuccillo		Bite-size wisdom from the phenomenally bestselling relationships book that has changed the lives of millions of women around the world.This hilarious, playful, but honest explanation of male behaviour from the writers of Sex and the City is designed to stop women wasting their time chasing after men who aren't into them, and help them to move on and find men who really are.Upfront and forthright, the wisdom of the book can be summed up by: men don't want to tell women when they're not interested - and women don't want to hear it anyway. But don't worry; it happens to the most beautiful, funny, interesting and intelligent women and all it means is that it's time to say 'Next!'.It's not that he's too busy, just got out of a relationship or scared of intimacy, you just need to learn to read the signs - 'He's Just Not That Into You If He's Not Calling You,' or 'If He's Not Dating You,' 'If He Only Wants To See You When He's Drunk', 'If He's Having Sex With Someone Else,' not to mention 'If He's Married.'	2006-02-28	HarperElement						ZZZ000000
9780007242368	Birds of the world	Les Beletsky		This stunning book captures the grace and beauty of the world's birds. in more than 500 pages, ornithologist Les Beletsky has gathered over 1,600 original paintings that reveal the form, posture, and plumage of every single bird Family found in the world, featuring illustrations of more than 1,300 avian species that are characteristic of the Families. The detailed paintings are by eleven of the world's leading bird artists, with many being published here for the first time. Beletsky's detailed, readable, descriptions are paired with these vivid images to show the diversity of the world's approximately 200 bird families. Garden bird-watchers, avid twitchers, and professional ornithologists alike will find in these pages everything from the everyday to the exotic, from diminutive hummingbirds to massive ostriches, from Antarctic penguins to tropical parrots. Comprehensive, authoritative, and beautifully illustrated, Birds of the World will amaze and inspire everyone with an interest in this remarkable part of the world's fauna.	2006	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007224937	Portrait of an Unknown Woman	Vanora Bennett		Perfect for fans of 'Girl with a Pearl Earring', this is a remarkable love story with a background of religious and political turmoil in Tudor England. The year is 1527. Hans Holbein makes his first visit to England, sent by the great Erasmus to paint Thomas More, courtier, scholar, patron, and his family. More's splendid house on the river in Chelsea is at the centre of Tudor society, frequented by distinguished astronomers, artists, politicians and men of religion, as well as wards of court, protgs and many others. Two visitors to the great house find themselves irresistibly drawn to Meg Giggs, one of More's foster daughters. John Clement - dark, tall, elegant - studying to be a doctor, is a man of compelling presence and mysterious background. The other man is Holbein himself - warm, ebullient, radical and a painter of great renown. Meg finds herself powerfully drawn to these two wildly contrasting men. She will love one, and marry the other. A wonderful, rich novel, presenting the atmosphere of this Tudor household as rarely achieved, with an astounding ability to present to us the world of Holbein's paintings as well as a gallery of vividly realised characters.	2007-06-27	Harper Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007278756	Living Your Best Life	Laura Berman Fortgang				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007221929	Raising babies,should under 3s go to nursery?	Steve Biddulph		Steve Biddulph, the favourite number one name in parenting psychology - and bestselling author of Raising Boys - examines how different childcare options are likely to affect you and your child in this rivetting and highly topical bookThis topical book tackles a key issue all new parents face. Steve Biddulph looks at childcare choices and the dilemmas that so often arise:- 'I want to stay at home with my child but don't know how I can' - 'I don't know what is better: nursery, creche or childminder'- 'if other people look after my child will it affect its development and happiness?'It examines the two-income 'slaves to work' culture in the UK and how in the past ten years, the number of babies and toddlers under three who are spending all day (8am to 6pm) in nurseries has quadrupled. Biddulph urges caution and warns that the hurried and disconnected way that families now live their lives could be damaging to a whole new generation's mental stability and development.The book is an eye-opener in terms of child development and provides useful case studies from parents who are stay-at-home and those using all-day or part-time childcare - groups sociologists have named 'slammers' and 'sliders' respectively.	2006-01	HarperThorsons						ZZZ000000
9780006532040	Fighter boys,saving Britain 1940	Patrick Bishop			2004	HarperPerennial						ZZZ000000
9780007114313	Hazards and responses	Victoria Bishop			2001-11-20	Collins Educational						ZZZ000000
9781841150390	How to read and why	Harold Bloom		In the vastly influential 'The Western Canon', Harold Bloom outlined what we should read to understand a greater depth of the individual self. 'How to Read and Why' continues the argument and focusses on how we use literature in order to gain deeper self-	2001	Fourth Estate						ZZZ000000
9780007158041	Shopped,the shocking power of British supermarkets	Joanna Blythman		An elegant demolition of the supermarket miracle, this book charts the impact that supermarkets have had on every aspect of our lives and culture. Did you know...  Almost 50% of supermarket fruit and vegetables contain pesticide residues?  UK supermarkets make 40p on every 1 spent on bananas while plantations workers are paid just 1p?  Supermarkets instill a climate of fear amongst their suppliers?  Every time a supermarket opens the local community loses on average 276 jobs? In the 1970s, British supermarkets had only 10% of the UK's grocery spend. Now they swallow up 80%, influencing how we shop, what we eat, how we spend our leisure time, how much rubbish we generate, even the very look of our physical environment. Award-winning food writer Joanna Blythman investigates the enormous impact that these big box retailers are having on our lives. She meets the farmers who are selling food to supermarkets for less than they need to survive and the wholesalers who have been eliminated from the supply chain; she travels to suburban retail parks to meet the teenagers and part-timers who stack our shelves and reveals the hoops third world suppliers must jump through to earn supermarket contracts. This thought-provoking, witty and sometimes chilling voyage of discovery is sure to make you think twice before you enthusiastically reach for that supermarket trolley again.	2005-02-07	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007121243	History Play	Rodney Bolt		"What if Christopher Marlowe staged his own death, fled to the Continent and went on to write the works we now attribute to Shakespeare? Working with hard facts and a healthy dose of conjecture, History Play questions the purpose of biography in a stunning imaginative narrative. As he ruffles the ruffs of a post-Calvinist society, Marlowe travels into a continent tinged with panic, beset with secrets, yet delighting in erudition."--BOOK JACKET.	2005	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007252404	Just Rewards	Barbara Taylor Bradford				Harper Collins						ZZZ000000
9788172236489	Wisdom Beyond Borders	Briji R Singh			2006	N/A						ZZZ000000
9780007277681	Q & A Series : Diabetes	Paula Brisco				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007310999	On the Couch	Fleur Britten&Oliver Wright		Couchsurfing? Surely a sofa would sink on the open sea?Couchsurfing is a global community of over a million people in 232 countries that offers couches, beds and body-sized horizontal surfaces via the internet for fellow members to bunk down on for the night. Couchsurfing is everywhere, from Kazakhstan, where there are124 empty couches for the daring traveller, to Antartica where 30 cold couches are available. It's free, it's friendly and it's the new way to travel.Fleur Britten, Sunday Times features writer is about to lose her couchsurfing virginity. Starting out in Moscow and taking the Trans-Siberian Railway with a couple of stops in Siberia and Ulan Ude, she'll then fly to Beijing and travel through China, crossing into Kazakhstan, followed by Ubekistan. Finding couches in the unlikeliest of places finally arriving back in London to play host to other couchsurfers.With the promise of 'couch available' rarely entailing a couch alone, with stories of meals, unofficial local tours and a family-like welcome, she will explore the unique couchsurfing community and so-called 'couchsurfing spirit'. What motivates people to invite strangers to sleep on their sofas? How is it possible to couchsurf and stay safe and what is it that is it that has made couchsurfing such a phenomenon? This is an adventure of kindness that will lead Fleur to meet the most unusual people and visit the most unexpected places.Combined with revealing, candid images this promises to be much, much more than your average travelogue.	2009-06-25	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						TRV010000
9780007279142	Insomniac'S Best Friend	Lynda Brown				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007273096	Feng Shui	Simon Brown				Harper Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007274024	Shakespeare ( Hb )	Bill Bryson		William Shakespeare, the most celebrated poet in the English language, left behind nearly a million words of text, but his biography has long been a thicket of wild supposition arranged around scant facts. With a steady hand and his trademark wit, Bill Bryson sorts through this colorful muddle to reveal the man himself. Bryson documents the efforts of earlier scholars, from today's most respected academics to eccentrics like Delia Bacon, an American who developed a firm but unsubstantiated conviction that her namesake Francis Bacon was the true author of Shakespeare's plays - she spent months in silence at Bacon's home, 'absorbing atmospheres' that bolstered her theory. With shades of his famous travelogues, Bryson records episodes in his research, including a visit to a bunker-like basement room in Washington, D.C., where the world's largest collection of First Folios is housed. Bryson celebrates Shakespeare as a writer of unimaginable talent and enormous inventiveness, a coiner of phrases ('vanish into thin air', 'foregone conclusion', 'one fell swoop') that even today have a home at the tips of our tongues. His Shakespeare is like no-one else's - the beneficiary of Bryson's genial nature, his engaging scepticism, and a gift for storytelling unrivalled in our time.		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007311057	Blood And Rage: A Cultural History	Michael Burleigh				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007152674	The third woman	Mark Burnell		In a world where everyone and everything has its price, who do you trust? The Third Woman is a powerful and fascinating thriller following the adventures of Burnell's unique heroine Stephanie Patrick. From conspiracy to terrorism, Vienna to Paris, will she find the truth? The world isn't run by governments. It's run by corporations. In other words, everything and everyone has a price. Stephanie Patrick operates under a number of names; Petra Reuter, known as a gun for hire, is probably the one she uses most frequently. She used to work for the government. Now she works for herself. Robert Newman, who spends more nights at 35,000 feet than in his own bed, is an international troubleshooter. But twenty years at the top have still not purged for him the ghosts of the past. A plea for help from an old friend draws Stephanie to Paris, where she narrowly survives a terrorist attack, an outrage that according to the authorities was masterminded by Petra Reuter. Betrayed in every way, pursued ruthlessly by a faceless enemy, her identity stolen from her, Stephanie seizes a hostage to give her a slim possibility of escape. But is the encounter with Robert Newman really just chance? Hunted from Paris to Vienna, Stephanie and Newman are forced together to survive. Yet the more she learns, the closer Newman seems to be to the heart of the conspiracy. Stephanie becomes sure of only one thing: that the answers will lie with the person who she knows as The Third Woman. 'The Third Woman' is vividly contemporary, with a welcome return for a unique heroine.	2006-07-13	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007192304	It hit me like a ton of bricks,a memoir of a mother and daughter	Catherine Lloyd Burns		A funny and moving memoir about a daughter"s turbulent relationship with her mother " and how a child of one"s own can turn everything upside down. ~Life is a series of losses. I"ve decided to be very zen about it. I have lost two husbands, my parents, my brother, countless friends; it is just one loss after another. You might as well get used it." So muses the author"s mother in this poignant and humorous memoir about mothers and daughters, and the miraculous things that happen when daughters become mothers. Loss is a way of life for both Catherine L. Burns and her mother, but where it made the daughter ravenous for contact, it made the mother lose her appetite for people. While the two always had a fierce attachment, by turns intimate and tumultuous, decades of fractious and contentious and frustrating interactions found a reprieve after the birth of Catherine"s daughter, Olive. Witty and direct, weaving back and forth in time, the book charts the transformation of this volatile and unique mother-daughter relationship from longing to connection. A book about love, mortality, and the nature of family bonds, ~It Hit Me Like A Ton of Bricks" is a must-read for anyone trying to navigate their way through the distance between their fantasies of love and the realities of family relationships.	2006-07-03	Fourth Estate						ZZZ000000
9780007204441	Naked lunch,the restored text	William S. Burroughs		The Anarchic, Phenomenally Strong-Selling Classic From The Godfather Of The Beats, Featuring For The First Time The Restored Text, All The Accompanying Essays, And Newly Discovered Material From The Original Manuscript. Revitalised With A Cool New Jacket And An Anecdote Packed P.S. Section. Welcome To Interzone& Say Hello To Bradley The Buyer, The Best Narcotics Agent In The Business. Check Yourself Into The Hospital Where Dr Benway Works But Don'T Expect Adrenalin If You Need It (The Night Porter Shot It Up For Kicks). Meet Dr 'Fingers' Schafer, The Lobotomy Kid, And His Greatest Creation, 'The Complete American De-Anxietized Man', A Marvel Of Invasive Psychiatry Who Has Been Reduced To Nothing But A Spinal Cord. Told By An Ivy League-Educated Narcotics Addict, Naked Lunch Juxtaposes Two Journeys: The Narrator'S Physical Progress From America To North Africa, Via Mexico, And A Terrifying Descent Into His Own Altered Consciousness. In This Interzone , Loosely Based On Burroughs' Temporary Home Tangier, Sex, Drugs And Murder Are The Most Basic Of Commodities, And The Basest Desires Have Become Completely Banal. Provocative, Influential, Morbidly Fascinating And Mordantly Funny, Naked Lunch Takes Us On An Exhilarating Ride Through The Darkest Recesses Of The Human Psyche A Ride Which Stunned The Literary World When First Published In The Repressed 1950S, And Is Still Guaranteed To pater More Than A Few Bourgeois. Over Forty Years After First Publication, Burroughs Scholar Barry Miles And Burroughs' Longtime Editor James Grauerholz Have Compiled This Definitive Restored Text, Correcting Numerous Errors That Have Accumulated Over The Years, And Incorporating All Of Burroughs' Notes And Accompanying Essays. Most Exciting Of All, This Edition Includes An Appendix Of Newly Discovered, Never Before Seen Material Including Alternate Drafts From The Original Manuscript And Letters From Burrough'S Private Correspondence.	2005	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007268412	Naked Lunch	William S. Burroughs		The anarchic, phenomenally strong-selling classic from the godfather of the Beats, featuring for the first time the restored text, all the accompanying essays, and newly discovered material from the original manuscript. Welcome to Interzonea?| Say hello to Bradley the Buyer, the best narcotics agent in the business. Check yourself into the hospital where Dr Benway works a?? but don't expect adrenalin if you need it (the night porter shot it up for kicks). Meet Dr 'Fingers' Schafer, the Lobotomy Kid, and his greatest creation, 'The Complete American De-anxietized Man', a marvel of invasive psychiatry who has been reduced to nothing but a spinal cord. Told by an Ivy League-educated narcotics addict, a??Naked Luncha?? juxtaposes two journeys: the narrator's physical progress from America to North Africa, via Mexico, and a terrifying descent into his own altered consciousness. In this a??Interzonea??, loosely based on Burroughs' temporary home Tangier, sex, drugs and murder are the most basic of commodities, and the basest desires have become completely banal. Provocative, influential, morbidly fascinating and mordantly funny, a??Naked Luncha?? takes us on an exhilarating ride through the darkest recesses of the human psyche a?? a ride which stunned the literary world when first published in the repressed 1950s, and is still guaranteed to ??pater more than a few bourgeois. Over forty years after first publication, Burroughs scholar Barry Miles and Burroughs' longtime editor James Grauerholz have compiled this definitive restored text, correcting numerous errors that have accumulated over the years, and incorporating all of Burroughs' notes and accompanying essays. Most exciting of all, this edition includes an appendix of newly discovered, never before seen material a?? including alternate drafts from the original manuscript and letters from Burrough's private correspondence.	2008-06-01	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007205981	Mind Map Handbook	Tony Buzan&Tony		Tony Buzan's Mind Mapping technique is a revolutionary thinking tool that has changed the lives of millions of people around the globe. The Mind Map Handbook is the indispensible guide to his unique system and will help you discover and harness the genius within you.The Mind Map Handbook brings together three of Tony Buzan's inspiring works in one compact volume, namely How to Mind Map, The Power of Verbal Intelligence and The Power of Creative Intelligence. It will show you how to:- Increase your vocabulary, creativity and memory- Persuade people and hone negotiation skills- Improve your understanding of any subject- Generate brilliant ideas and push them to their limits- Solve problems by seeing them from unusual and unique angles- Tap in to your natural genuis.	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007197767	Mind Maps for Kids,Max Your Memory and Concentration	Tony Buzan			2005-02-10	Thorsons						ZZZ000000
9780007151332	Mind maps for kids,the shortcut to success at school	Tony Buzan			2003-03-03	Thorsons						ZZZ000000
9780007177028	Mind maps for kids,rev up for revision : the shortcut to exam success	Tony Buzan			2004-03-01	Thorsons						ZZZ000000
9780007272846	Coconut Diet	Calbom&Cherie				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007214594	Band of Brigands,The First Men in Tanks	Christy Campbell		Inspired by a visit to northeast France to witness the excavation of a remarkably intact World War Itank from beneath a suburban vegetable plot near the town of Cambrai, Christy Campbellthen defense correspondent of the Sunday Telegraphbegan to piece together the little-known story of the young men who formed the British Tank Corps. Very few of them had been professional soldiers; they werecar enthusiasts and mechanics, plumbers, motorcyclists, circus performers, and polar explorers. One officer declared "I have never seen such a band of brigands in my life." They had trained in conditions of great secrecy in the grounds of a stately home in East Anglia and were originally known as the Heavy Branch, Machine Gun Corps. The word "tank" itself was deliberately chosen to mislead. Men in tanks saw the face of battle at its most brutal. Their task was to crush and burn the enemy out of his fortifications, and to carve a path for the infantry so they could finish the job with bayonet and grenade. Captured tank crews were beaten up or sometimes shot out of hand by the Germans. They fought in their stifling armored boxes packed with gasand explosives, aware that at any moment a shell-hit might incinerate them all. Christy Campbell has combed contemporary diaries and letters and later recollections to tell properly for the first time the robust yet harrowing story of how the first men in tanks went to war. The time frame is 1916-18, with a coda on how German blitzkrieg ideas developed from an English root.	2007-10-22	HarperPress						ZZZ000000
9780007269693	Tales from the Town of Widows	James Can		From A New Literary Star Comes A Beautifully Crafted Story About A Group Of Women In A Colombian Village Who Find Their Lives Changed While Their Husbands And Sons Are Away Fighting A Deadly Civil War. The Women Of Mariquita Made Widows When Their Men Are Swept Away By The Army Or Rebel Forces Learn Hard Lessons About Love And Survival. Forced To Grow In Extraordinary Ways, They Challenge The Tenets Of Male-Dominated Society, Discover Power With All Its Pitfalls And Strive To Create An Entirely New Social Order, An All-Female Utopia. Their Narrative Is Punctuated By Short Vignettes Of The Individual Travails Of The Men And Boys Left-Wing Guerrillas, Right-Wing Paramilitaries, National Army Officers And Civilians Caught Amidst These Hellish Forces. For The First 18 Years Of His Life, The Author, James Can, Lived In His Native Colombia And This Pitch-Perfect Book Darkly Comedic, Its Characters Brilliantly Etched Is A Mighty Achievement, An Entirely Fresh, Startling Perspective To Colombia'S Catastrophe Where The Longest And Bloodiest Civil War In This Hemisphere Has Raged For 40 Years.	2008	Harper Perennial						FIC032000
9780007210930	Sakkara	Michael Henry Carroll		When their cover is blown Colin, Danny and Renata must escape to a secret location. But with a scarred supervillain on the rampage and a strange cult on the rise, are the new heroes ready for the battle ahead?	2006-10-12	HarperCollins Children's						ZZZ000000
9780007272938	Stress Protection Plan The	Chaitow&Leon				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007277667	Arthritis	Leon Chaitow				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007273089	Fasting	Leon Chaitow				Harper Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007277698	Skin Problems	Leon Chaitow				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007277889	Holistic Pain Relief	Leon Chaitow				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007261499	The Element Encyclopedia of Birthdays	Theresa Cheung		Did you know that the day and month of your birth can tell you an uncanny amount about how your personality ticks, and even how to be lucky or follow your destiny? The Element Encyclopedia of Birthdays combines astrology, psychology, numerology and tarot, giving you practical advice on how to make the best of yourself and shape your future.The Element Encyclopedia of Birthdays couldn't be simpler to use - just turn to the page of your birthday and discover the secret to exactly who you are, based on a unique combination of astrology, numerology, tarot, colour theory and psychology.This combination of approaches provides a uncannily accurate profile for each birthday of the year. But you don't just get an indepth personality profile, you get practical advice and guidance on what to do to maximise the opportunities that life throws your way: Find out what your greatest challenges are and how to solve them; Discover your best side (as well as your dark side) and how to make the best of both; Every birthday has its own unique Luckmaker - find out what yours is so that you can arm yourself with good luck every day! The book reveals your lucky numbers, lucky days, planets, tarot cards, and favourable days of the month. Find out who those special people are that you are drawn to, and the special years in your life that will be significant; Discover your career and life goals, how to manage love and relationships, and how to maximise your health.This compelling reference book gives you insight into your own profile, and you'll also be quickly turning the page to find out all about your friends, family, lovers and colleagues too!	2007-11-05	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						OCC002000
9780007241460	The Virgin Blue	Tracy Chevalier		From the bestselling author of 'Girl With a Pearl Earring', a reissue of her first novel, which was first published in 1996. The compelling story of two women, born four centuries apart, and the ancestral legacy that binds them. Ella Turner does her best to fit in to the small, close-knit community of Lisle-sur-Tarn. She even changes her name back to Tournier, and knocks the rust off her high school French. But it is all in vain. Isolated and lonely, she is drawn to investigate her Tournier ancestry, which leads to her encounter with the town's wolfish librarian. Isabelle du Moulin, known as Le Rousse due to her fiery red hair, is tormented and shunned in the village - suspected of witchcraft and reviled for her association with the Virgin Mary. Falling pregnant, she is forced to marry into the ruling family: the Tourniers. Tormentor becomes husband, and a shocking fate awaits her. Plagued by the colour blue, Ella is haunted by parallels with the past, and by her recurring dream. Then one morning she wakes up to discover that her hair is turning inexplicably red...	2006-12-04	Harper						FIC014000
9780007172313	The Lady and the Unicorn	Tracy Chevalier		The wonderful novel from the muchndash;loved author of 'Girl with a Pearl Earring' and 'Falling Angels'. The Lady and the Unicorn tapestries are a set of six medieval tapestries. Beautiful, intricate and expertly made, they are also mysterious in their origin and meaning. Tapestries give an appearance of order and continuity, as if designed and made by one person, belying the complicated process required to create them. Weavers, patrons, designers, artists, merchants and apprentices were involved in their making, and behind them were the wives, daughters and servants who exercised influences over their men. Like the many strands of wool and silk woven together into one cloth, so these people came together in a complex dance to create the whole picture. Jean le Viste, a newly wealthy member of the French court, commissions the tapestries to hang in his chateau. Nicolas, his chosen designer, meets le Viste's wife Genevieve and his daughter Claude, both of whom take a keen interest in the tapestries. From Paris, Nicolas moves to a weaver's workshop in Brussels in order to complete the commission. The creation of the tapestries brings together people who would not otherwise meet ndash; their lives become entangled, and so do their desires. As they fall in love, are shunned, take revenge, find unrequited love, turn to the church or to pagan ideals, the tapestries become to each an ideal vision of life ndash; yet all discover that they are unable to make this ideal world their own.	2006-12-04	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007121014	Taken at the Flood	Agatha Christie		A Few Weeks After Marrying An Attractive Young Widow, Gordon Cloade Is Tragically Killed By A Bomb Blast In The London Blitz. Overnight, The Former Mrs Underhay Finds Herself In Sole Possession Of The Cloade Family Fortune. Shortly Afterwards, Hercule Poirot Receives A Visit From The Dead Man S Sister-In-Law Who Claims She Has Been Warned By Spirits That Mrs Underhay S First Husband Is Still Alive. Poirot Has His Suspicions When He Is Asked To Find A Missing Person Guided Only By The Spirit World. Yet What Mystifies Poirot Most Is The Woman S True Motive For Approaching Him&	2002	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007284184	Miss Marple and Mystery,The Complete Short Stories	Agatha Christie		A brand new omnibus of 55 short stories, presented for the first time in chronological order.Described by her friend Dolly Bantry as  the typical old maid of fiction, Miss Marple has lived almost her entire life in the sleepy hamlet of St Mary Mead. Yet, by observing village life she has gained an unparalleled insight into human nature  and used it to devasting effect. As her friend Sir Henry Clithering, the ex-Commissioner of Scotland Yard has been heard to say: Shes just the finest detective God ever made.  and many Agatha Christie fans would agree.Appearing for the first time in The Murder at The Vicarage (1930) her crime-fighting career spanned over forty years when she solved her final case in 1977 in Sleeping Murder. With every tale flawlessly plotted by the Queen of Crime herself, these short stories provide a feast for hardened Agatha Christie addicts as well as those who have grown to love the detective through her many film and television appearances.Here, for the first time, more than 50 of Agatha Christies mini masterpieces have been collected together in one volume, perfectly illustrating the true breadth of her talent. As well as every story featuring Miss Marple, the book includes additional stand-alone tales, from macabre tales of the supernatural, through suspense-ridden mysteries, to heart-stopping cases of murder.	2008-10-15	Harper Collins Publ. UK						ZZZ000000
9780007220434	Collins Primary Maths 2 - Year 5	Peter Clarke			2008-01-04	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						EDU029010
9780007220441	Collins New Primary Maths Pupil Book 5B	Peter Clarke			2008-01-04	HarperCollins						EDU029010
9780007220502	Pupil Book 6b	Peter Clarke			2007-09-20	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						EDU029010
9780007220519	Pupil Book 6c	Clarke&Peter			2008-01-15	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						EDU029010
9780007220496	Pupil Book 6A	Peter Clarke			2007-09-20	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						EDU029010
9780007210206	Collins Easy Learning Maths9-10	Clarke&Peter		Small chunks of information, learning by doing and the right facts in the right order make working at home fun and achieving success at school easy. Easy Learning -- Maths Age 9--10 gives support, practice and guidance for year-by-year school learning.	2006	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007220250	Collins New Primary Maths Pupil Book 3A	Peter Clarke&Peter			2008-01-04	HarperCollins						EDU029010
9780007220274	Collins New Primary Maths Pupil Book 3C	Peter Clarke&Peter			2008-01-04	HarperCollins						EDU029010
9780007229697	What's left?,how liberals lost their way	Nick Cohen		From the much-loved, witty and excoriating voice of journalist Nick Cohen, a powerful and irreverent dissection of the agonies, idiocies and compromises of mainstream liberal thought. Nick Cohen comes from the Left. While growing up, his mother would search the supermarket shelves for politically reputable citrus fruit and despair. When, at the age of 13, he found out that his kind and thoughtful English teacher voted Conservative, he nearly fell off his chair: 'To be good, you had to be on the Left.' Today he's no less confused. When he looks around him, in the aftermath of the invasion of Iraq, he sees a community of Left-leaning liberals standing on their heads. Why is it that apologies for a militant Islam that stands for everything the liberal-Left is against come from a section of the Left? After the American and British wars in Bosnia and Kosovo against Slobodan Milosevic's ethnic cleansers, why were men and women of the Left denying the existence of Serb concentration camps? Why is Palestine a cause for the liberal-Left, but not, for instance, China, the Sudan, Zimbabwe or North Korea? Why can't those who say they support the Palestinian cause tell you what type of Palestine they would like to see? After the 9/11 attacks on New York and Washington why were you as likely to read that a sinister conspiracy of Jews controlled American or British foreign policy in a liberal literary journal as in a neo-Nazi rag? It's easy to know what the Left is fighting against - the evils of Bush and corporations - but what and, more to the point, who are they fighting for? As he tours the follies of the Left, Nick Cohen asks us to reconsider what it means to be liberal in this confused and topsy-turvy time. With the angry satire of Swift, he reclaims the values of democracy and solidarity that united the movement against fascism, and asks: What's Left?	2007	Fourth Estate						ZZZ000000
9780007244010	Ruby Parker,Soap Star	Rowan Coleman		Child soap-star Ruby Parker discovers fame isn't all it's cracked up to be! Ruby Parker has been acting in the glamorous soap, Kensington Heights, for most of her life. She is stunned when she overhears the script writers discussing whether to kill her character off, or to replace Ruby with a more beautiful actress! She has always felt like the ugly duckling compared to her stunning co-stars, but now more than ever she sees that everyone is disappointed how the cute, chubby dimpled four year old has morphed into a lumpy pimpled fourteen year old. Ruby is feeling more self-conscious than ever, and to top it all off, she discovers she's got to have her first screen kiss - with the oh-so-gorgeous Justin de Souza, the soap's hunk. What with dealing with fame on a national level, having her first ever kiss in front of cameras and dealing with everyone's jealousy at stage school, Ruby doesn't think things can get any harder. Then her parents give her the most unexpected (and worst) news yet...	2007-02-01	HarperCollins Children's						ZZZ000000
9780007341146	Collins Cobuild Advance Illustrated Hb	Collins-Cobuild			2009	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007341153	Collins Cobuild Advance Illustrated Pb	Collins-Cobuild			2009	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007223909	Collins Italian dictionary	Collins Publishers Staff		This edition of the Collins Italian Dictionary Plus offers the learner of Italian the essential two-in-one reference: an up-to-date dictionary and a guide to self-expression in one handy volume. Developed as part of the Collins Education stream, this dictionary is designed for intermediate learners of Italian, whether at school, at home, or for business. It is the ideal text for anyone who needs easy access to both a dictionary and a practical language guide. Have confidence: this edition of the Collins Italian Dictionary Plus has been revised and updated to offer extensive and relevant coverage of today's English and Italian, with thousands of phrases and examples guiding the user to the most appropriate translation. Get it right: the perfect complement to the dictionary '" an indispensable language guide to help you express yourself in fluent, natural Italian. Get there fast: the clear colour layout gives the text a contemporary feel, and ensures that users find the information they need quickly and easily. Where does it fit in the range? Collins Italian Gem 0-00-722400-1 Collins Italian Express 0-00-722394-3 Collins Italian Dictionary Plus 0-00-722390-1 Collins Italian Dictionary 0-00-722424-9 Words are tools for life. And a Collins dictionary makes them work for you.	2006	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007126262	Collins Italian dictionary	Catherine E. Love&Michela Clari			2005-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007253456	Collins Express Italian Dictionary	Collins Publishers Staff		The Collins Express italian Dictionary offers the user excellent coverage of today's language and usage. Colour layout and clear presentation of information make this compact book ideal for all learners. Collins Express italian Dictionary is designed for all those studying italian, whether in class, for travel or as a hobby. it is the ideal dictionary for anyone who needs a wealth of reliable information in a handy format. Have confidence: the Collins Express italian Dictionary has been revised and updated and offers extensive coverage of today's English and italian, with thousands of phrases and examples guiding the user to the most appropriate translation. Get it right: the perfect complement to the dictionary - an in-depth and up-to-date supplement containing information on numerous aspects of italian language and culture. Get there fast: the clear new Collins typography gives the text a contemporary feel, and ensures that you find the information you need quickly and easily. Some of the other titles available in the Collins italian dictionary range are Collins italian Gem and Collins italian Dictionary Plus. Words are tools for life. And a Collins dictionary makes them work for you.	2007-08-23	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						FOR013000
9780007202133	Collins School Dictionary	Collins Publishers Staff&Collins-Dictionary			2005-04-14	HarperCollins						REF010000
9780007252787	Collins Easy Learning German Grammar	COLLINS UK&Collins-Dictionary		Designed to accompany the widely acclaimed Collins Easy Learning German Dictionary, and now with all the new German spellings, the new edition of the Collins Easy Learning German Grammar offers beginners a clear and easy-to-understand guide to the verbs and grammar of German.Attractively presented in a clear, colour layout and with new German spellings included throughout, Collins Easy Learning German Grammar explains the essential points of German Grammar using simple language, with numerous examples showing usage. Key grammatical points are highlighted throughout as a means of reinforcement. In addition, a full glossary gives clear explanations of grammatical terminology.Collins Easy Learning German Grammar provides beginners with all the regular verb forms and conjugations, and the most common tenses of irregular verbs are shown in full. An index contains thousands of verbs which are cross-referred to their conjugation model.Easy to use: all you need to know about German grammar and verbsEasy to read: clear layout with colourEasy to understand: thousands of examples show you the right way to use German grammarOther titles available in the Collins German Easy Learning range are Collins Easy Learning Dictionary, Collins Easy Learning German Verbs, and Collins Easy Learning German Words - giving learners all the help they need with every aspect of language learning.Words are tools for life. And a Collins dictionary makes them work for you.	2007-06-04	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007228997	Collins English dictionary	Sandra Anderson		In print. Online. On your mobile. Pioneers in dictionary making for over 175 years, Collins are now proud to offer a world first: a dictionary accessible through all major media channels. The new edition of Collins English Dictionary gives you the power of Collins online and on your mobile phone - at no extra cost. Collins English Dictionary, with entry words in colour, is a rich source of words for everyone who loves language. Now updated with the latest terms to enter the language, this dictionary is not only comprehensive and authoritative, but it also offers outstanding coverage of world, regional and dialect English. Including a much wider range of words than ever before, the extensive coverage of geographical, scientific, and technical entries has been updated by our team of leading academic experts. Language notes give advice on using the right word in the right place, and thousands of word histories trace the roots of modern English. All this has been complemented with a refreshingly clutter-free design, which is easy to use and easy on the eye, taking you straight to the information you need with the minimum of fuss. Have confidence Discover all the latest words as they appear in the language. Get it right You can rely on Collins: all our definitions, examples, idioms and usage notes are based on the Collins Word Web - our unrivalled and constantly updated 2.5 billion-word database of today's English. Get there fast Accessible layout that's easy on the eye, guiding you quickly to what you want. Words are tools for life. And a Collins Dictionary makes them work for you.	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007183838	Paperback Dictionary	Justin Crozier		Collins Discovery English Dictionary __ the perfect reference for everyday use.Specially tailored to meet the needs of the user in home, school, and office, Collins Discovery English Dictionary is fully up-to-date.It has comprehensive definitions, word tips to provide extra help with English usage, and interesting word origins.	2005-06-06	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007224302	Collins Pocket English-Japanese Dictionary	Richard C. Goris&Yukimi Okubo		The Collins Pocket English-Japanese Dictionary provides excellent coverage of today's language in a compact, handy format.Developed as part of the Collins Education + Leisure stream, this dictionary is designed for all those studying Japanese, whether at school or at home. It is the ideal text for anyone who needs a wealth of reliable information in a portable format.Have confidence - the Collins Pocket English-Japanese Dictionary offers the user detailed coverage of current Japanese and English, with hundreds of phrases and examples.Get it right - extra help with Japanese pronunciation and practical guide on face-to-face communication.Get there fast - clear, user-friendly layout ensures that you find the information you need quickly and easily.Where does it fit in the range?Collins Gem Japanese Dictionary 0-00-722401-XCollins Pocket English-Japanese Dictionary 0-00-722430-3Words are tools for life. And a Collins dictionary makes them work for you.	2006-06-29	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007196319	Collins German dictionary	Collins Publishers Staff&Collins-Dictionary		A two-in-one reference for the learner of German: an up-to-date dictionary and a user-friendly grammar in one handy volume.	2005	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007252800	Collins German School Dictionary	Collins Publishers Staff&Collins-Dictionary		With over 35,000 references and 46,000 translations, and now with all the latest German spellings, the Collins German School dictionary provides up-to-date coverage of today's language and usage. Colour headwords and an extensive verb supplement makes this book ideal for school use and exam success. The Collins German School Gem Dictionary has been specially designed to meet the needs of school students. A new, easy-to-use layout, and the inclusion of full verb tables make it a handy and reliable classroom companion. Have confidence: the Collins German School Gem Dictionary contains the everyday words and phrases that learners of German will need to know, with a clear supplement of verb tables to make learning quick and easy. Get it right: this dictionary offers extra help with essential vocabulary, and thousands of useful phrases show how to use German correctly. Get there fast: clear, colour layout ensures that learners can quickly find the information they need. Some of the other titles available in the Collins German dictionary range are Collins Easy Learning German, Collins German Dictionary & Grammar and Collins German Dictionary - giving users all the help they need at every level of language learning. Words are tools for life. And a Collins dictionary makes them work for you.	2007-05-01	HarperCollins						FOR009000
9780007208784	Collins Express English Dictionary	Sandra Anderson		Collins Pocket English Dictionary is packed full with all the most up-to-date information you'll need. With spelling, grammar and pronunciation help, plus a handy supplement, the Pocket Dictionary gives you all the everyday words you need - at your fingertips. Developed as part of the Collins Dictionaries' Life Skills stream, this new edition of the Pocket English Dictionary provides up-to-date language coverage along with practical guidance on effective English for everyday use. The text is compiled using the latest information on current English from Collins Word Web - our unique and constantly updated 2.5-billion-word database - ensuring the most up-to-date language coverage available. And, with all entry words and spelling forms highlighted in colour and clear, modern definitions, you can be sure to find all the information you need in the quickest time possible. The Collins Pocket will help you find all the words and definitions you need, ensuring you get it right every time. The Language In Action supplement has been been specially designed to improve your writing skills, so whether you're crafting a C.V., sending an e-mail or composing a speech, you'll want to make Collins Pocket Dictionary your one-stop reference of choice!	2006	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007203222	Collins discovery encyclopedia	Justin Crozier		Collins Discovery Encyclopedia is a handy factfinder with thousands of the facts and figures, and all the information you need everyday.	2005-07-04	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007224043	French School Dictionary	Collins Publishers Staff		Now in COLOUR, the Collins French School Gem Dictionary has been specially designed to meet the needs of school students. A new, easy-to-use layout and the inclusion of full verb tables make it a handy and reliable classroom companion.Developed as part of the Collins Education stream, this dictionary is designed for all those studying French at school or for examinations. It is the ideal text for anyone who needs a wealth of reliable information in a portable format.Have confidence: the Collins French School Gem Dictionary gives you a wealth of vocabulary, tested for syllabus coverage, and includes everyday examples to demonstrate how French really works.Get it right: the dictionary includes language tips throughout the text and a complete guide to French verbs in a clear, user-friendly supplement.Get there fast: a new COLOUR layout, designed with the needs of students in mind, ensures that you can find the information you need quickly and easily.Where does it fit in the range?Collins French School Gem 0-00-722404-4Collins French Gem 0-00-722397-8Collins French Express 0-00-720889-8Collins French Dictionary & Grammar 0-00-722387-0Words are tools for life. And a Collins dictionary makes them work for you.	2006-03-06	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007246731	Collins Portuguese Phrasebook,The Right Word in Your Pocket	Tula Teixeira		In all of the most common travel situations,non-natives need the reassurance thatthey can communicate with ease. A reliable, portable, and easy-to-use phrasebook is a travel essential, and the completely re-designed Collins Gems assures youthat the right word will always be at your fingertips. With a whole new look inside and out that includes a new cover and easy-to-navigate layout, it is now simpler than ever to use a new language effectively and with confidence. This indispensable language guide covers the topics and phrases that crop up everyday on vacation, from finding a hotel to choosing wine. With the inclusion of fully updated travel information and tips, a 3,000 word dictionary, a comprehensive menu decoder, grammar and pronunciation sections, you need never be lost for words again.	2008-05-28	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780004724119	Italian dictionary,Italian-English, English-Italian	HarperCollins		With its extensive coverage of Italian language in a compact form, the Collins Italian Gem remains the indispensable small dictionary for learners of Italian. Now updated for the millennium, its 40,000-plus references and 70,000 translations include the latest additions to the language, notably terms relating to the Internet and to the new Europe. With an attractive new layout and typography, featuring special entries relating to various aspects of Italian life and culture, the Italian Gem is compact, reliable and completely up-to-date  the ideal small dictionary for school and general use.	2001-04	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007208883	Spanish School Dictionary	Collins-Gem&HarperCollins UK Staff		The Collins Spanish School Gem Dictionary has been specially designed to meet the needs of school students. A new, easy-to-use COLOUR layout and the inclusion of full verb tables make it a handy and reliable classroom companion.Developed as part of the Collins Education stream, this dictionary is designed for all those studying Spanish at school or for examinations. It is the ideal text for anyone who needs a wealth of reliable information in a portable format.Have confidence: the Collins Spanish School Gem Dictionary gives you a wealth of vocabulary, tested for syllabus coverage, and includes everyday examples to demonstrate how Spanish really works.Get it right: the dictionary includes language tips throughout the text and a complete guide to Spanish verbs in a clear, user-friendly supplement.Get there fast: a new COLOUR layout, designed to help you find what you need quickly .Where does it fit in the range?Collins Easy Learning Spanish Dictionary 0-00-718377-1Collins Spanish Gem 0-00-719597-4Collins Spanish School Gem 0-00-720888-XWords are tools for life. And a Collins dictionary makes them work for you	2006	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007246816	Collins Mandarin Phrasebook,The Right Word in Your Pocket	Ling Song Chase		In all of the most common travel situations,non-natives need the reassurance thatthey can communicate with ease. A reliable, portable, and easy-to-use phrasebook is a travel essential, and the completely re-designed Collins Gems assures youthat the right word will always be at your fingertips. With a whole new look inside and out that includes a new cover and easy-to-navigate layout, it is now simpler than ever to use a new language effectively and with confidence. This indispensable language guide covers the topics and phrases that crop up everyday on vacation, from finding a hotel to choosing wine. With the inclusion of fully updated travel information and tips, a 3,000 word dictionary, a comprehensive menu decoder, grammar and pronunciation sections, you need never be lost for words again.	2008-05-28	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007246793	Collins Japanese Phrasebook,The Right Word in Your Pocket	Miyoko Yamashita		In all of the most common travel situations, non-natives need the reassurance that they can communicate with ease. A reliable, portable, and easy-to-use phrasebook is a travel essential, and the completely re-designed Collins Gems assures you that the right word will always be at your fingertips. With a whole new look inside and out that includes a new cover and easy-to-navigate layout, it is now simpler than ever to use a new language effectively and with confidence. This indispensable language guide covers the topics and phrases that crop up everyday on vacation, from finding a hotel to choosing wine. With the inclusion of fully updated travel information and tips, a 3,000 word dictionary, a comprehensive menu decoder, grammar and pronunciation sections, you need never be lost for words again.	2008	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007246687	Collins French Phrasebook,The Right Word in Your Pocket	Collins UK		In all of the most common travel situations,non-natives need the reassurance thatthey can communicate with ease. A reliable, portable, and easy-to-use phrasebook is a travel essential, and the completely re-designed Collins Gems assures youthat the right word will always be at your fingertips. With a whole new look inside and out that includes a new cover and easy-to-navigate layout, it is now simpler than ever to use a new language effectively and with confidence. This indispensable language guide covers the topics and phrases that crop up everyday on vacation, from finding a hotel to choosing wine. With the inclusion of fully updated travel information and tips, a 3,000 word dictionary, a comprehensive menu decoder, grammar and pronunciation sections, you need never be lost for words again.	2008-05-28	HarperCollins UK						ZZZ000000
9780007246694	Collins German Phrasebook,The Right Word in Your Pocket	Marieke O'Connor		In all of the most common travel situations,non-natives need the reassurance thatthey can communicate with ease. A reliable, portable, and easy-to-use phrasebook is a travel essential, and the completely re-designed Collins Gems assures youthat the right word will always be at your fingertips. With a whole new look inside and out that includes a new cover and easy-to-navigate layout, it is now simpler than ever to use a new language effectively and with confidence. This indispensable language guide covers the topics and phrases that crop up everyday on vacation, from finding a hotel to choosing wine. With the inclusion of fully updated travel information and tips, a 3,000 word dictionary, a comprehensive menu decoder, grammar and pronunciation sections, you need never be lost for words again.	2008-05-28	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007284474	Collins Gem French Dictionary,French - English / English - French	Collins-Gem			2009-06-12	Harper Collins Publ. UK						ZZZ000000
9780007246717	Collins Italian Phrasebook,The Right Word in Your Pocket	Collins UK		In all of the most common travel situations,non-natives need the reassurance thatthey can communicate with ease. A reliable, portable, and easy-to-use phrasebook is a travel essential, and the completely re-designed Collins Gems assures youthat the right word will always be at your fingertips. With a whole new look inside and out that includes a new cover and easy-to-navigate layout, it is now simpler than ever to use a new language effectively and with confidence. This indispensable language guide covers the topics and phrases that crop up everyday on vacation, from finding a hotel to choosing wine. With the inclusion of fully updated travel information and tips, a 3,000 word dictionary, a comprehensive menu decoder, grammar and pronunciation sections, you need never be lost for words again.	2008	HarperCollins UK						ZZZ000000
9780007274659	Collins Paperback Thesaurus A-Z	Nil		Collins Paperback Thesaurus, in colour, is the perfect reference for everyday use. With practical usage notes, and a fantastic supplement, this is the ideal thesaurus to take your language use and knowledge further. Specially tailored to meet the needs of the user at home, school, or in the office, this new edition of Collins Paperback Thesaurus has all the words and alternatives the user might need, as well as a huge choice of opposites. This thesaurus is based on the Collins Word Web, Collinsa?? 2.5-billion-word database of todaya??s English. With colour entry words, the clear, accessible layout ensures users can find the language they need when they need it. Includes a Word Study supplement which offers useful alternatives to a wide range of commonly-used words.	2008	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007223855	Collins Discovery Thesaurus	Justin Crozier&Lorna Gilmour		Now in Colour, Collins Discovery A-Z Thesaurus is the perfect reference for everyday use.With practical usage notes, and a Word in Action supplement with internet links, this is the ideal thesaurus to take the users' language use and knowledge further.Specially tailored to meet the needs of the user at home, school, or in the office, the new COLOUR Collins Discovery English Thesaurus has all the words and alternatives the user might need, as well as a huge choice of opposites.Have confidence: based on Collins Word Web, Collins 2.5-billion-word database of today's English.Get it right: with all the alternatives and opposites a user might need.Get there fast: now in COLOUR for the first time, the clear, accessible, brand-new layout ensures users can find the language they need when they need it.Find out more: internet-linked World in Action supplement and pratical langage notes to take the users' knowledge furtherWhere does it fit in the range?Collins Essential Thesaurus - 0-00-716261-8Collins Compact Thesaurus - 0-00-719635-0Collins Discovery Thesaurus - 0-00-722385-4Collins Express Thesaurus - 0-00-719656-3	2006-01-02	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007261383	The Adventurer's Handbook,Life Lessons from History's Great Explorers	Mick Conefrey			2006	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007235735	Sophie Conran's Pies	Sophie Conran		Building on the popularity of Sophie's range of gourmet ready-made pies, this book will offer inventive new takes on the classic dish. Recipes include both savoury and sweet, modern and traditional, from classic favorites such as Steak and Kidney pudding to pies for the real connoisseur like Duck with Figs. There are also plenty of mouth-watering vegetarian pies, like Endive with Walnuts and Blue Cheese, portable pies for picnics and little pies to appeal to kidstested on Sophie's own children. Recipes are equally inventive with their 'tops', which include puff pastry, filo, parsnip mash, polenta and crumble. In a detailed techniques section, Sophie divulges the secrets of perfect pastry-making (with shortcut tips if you're in a hurry), encourages getting creative with pie decoration, and explains just why you might need a little china blackbird poking out the middle of your pie.	2007	HarperCollins UK						ZZZ000000
9788172236120	Corridors of uncertainty,World Cup 2007 & beyond	Boria Majumdar		Post S Foreign Correspondent And Award-Winning Author Pamela Constable Has Spent The Better Part Of Two Decades Traversing Global Trouble Spots, Clocking More Time In Combat Zones Than Most Professional Soldiers While Reporting On Societies Struggling With Dictatorship And Desperate Poverty, Revolution And Religious Strife. As She Was Reaching An Age When Many Women Would Be Sending Their Children Off To College. Constable Packed Up Her Own Life And Signed On For A Four-Year Stint In South Asia As The Post S Bureau Chief. With Lyrical Prose And Trenchant Analysis, Fragments Of Grace Follows Constable As She Deciphers The Obscure Realities Of The Region S Political Turmoil And Ethnic And Religious Rivalries, While Also Reflecting On Why She Forsook A Life Of Comfort For Peripatetic Truth-Seeking Quests In Far-Flung, Dangerous Lands. Constable S Book Contains Countless Startling And Poignant Dispatches From South Asia: Stern Islamic Clerics Who Rail Against Decadent Western Music Have Never Heard Of Beethoven; A Pakistani Woman Whose Jealous Husband Carved Off Her Face In The Name Of Islamic Honour; A Dying Man Saved By Lord Hanuman After The Most Modern Medical Clinic In New Delhi Failed To Revive Him; A Nepalese Shelter For Young Girls Freed From Sexual Bondage; And Sri Lankan Censors Attempting To Limit An American Journalist S Press Freedom. Constable Never Found The Time To Develop An Exhaustive Expertise On Nuclear Doctrine, Islam, Or Hinduism, But Along The Way She Learned Lessons That Transcend Time And Place, Recognizing Universal Patterns Of Human Need And Response In Locales That Bear Little Resemblance To Each Other. She Combines Elements Of Memoir, Travelogue, Political History, And Social Critique In Her Quest To Discover Human Dignity And Hope In The Lives Of Anonymous People Struggling To Survive In Places That Seem Godforsaken. Compelling And Inspirational, The Narrative Follows One Woman S Search Through The Ruins For Fragments Of Grace. Pamela Constable Has Been Covering South Asia For The Washington Post Since 1999, Spending Four Years As The Region S Bureau Chief. She Is The Co-Author With Arturo Valenzuela Of A Nation Of Enemies: Chile Under Pinochet. She Has Been Awarded An Allice Patterson Fellowship And The Maria Moors Cabot Prize And Recently Completed Her Tenure As Journalist-In Residence At The Pew International Journalism Programme At John Hopkin S University School Of Advanced International Studies. Constable Is Currently Based In Kabul, Afghanistan.	2007-10-30	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007120123	Sharpe's Havoc	Bernard Cornwell		The Latest Book In The Brilliant, Bestselling Sharpe Series Brings Sharpe To Portugal, And Reunites Him With Harper. It Is 1809 And Lieutenant Sharpe, Who Belongs To A Small British Army That Has A Precarious Foothold In Portugal, Is Sent To Look For Kate Savage, The Daughter Of An English Wine Shipper. But Before He Can Discover The Missing Girl, The French Onslaught On Portugal Begins And The City Of Oporto Falls. Sharpe Is Stranded Behind Enemy Lines, But He Has Patrick Harper, He Has His Riflemen And He Has The Assistance Of A Young, Idealistic Portuguese Officer. Together, They Have To Find The Missing Girl And Extricate Themselves From The Entanglements Cast By Colonel Christopher, A Mysterious Englishman Who Has His Own Ideas On How The French Can Be Ejected From Portugal. Those Ideas Are As Fantastic As They Are Dangerous, But The French Are Rampant, Lisbon Is Threatened And Christopher Sees Sharpe And His Riflemen As The Only Obstacles To His Subtle Scheme. But There Is A Newly Arrived British Commander In Lisbon, Sir Arthur Wellesley, And Just When Sharpe And His Men Seem Doomed, Sir Arthur Mounts His Own Counter-Attack, An Operation That Will Send The French Army Reeling Back Into The Northern Mountains. Sharpe Becomes A Hunter Instead Of The Hunted And He Will Exercise A Dreadful Revenge On The Men Who Double-Crossed Him. Sharpe'S Havoc Is A Classic Sharpe Story, A Return To Portugal In The Company Of Sergeant Patrick Harper, Captain Hogan And Sharpe'S Beloved Greenjackets, Who Can Turn A Battle As Fast As Cornwell'S Readers Can Turn A Page.	2004	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780006510420	Sharpe's Waterloo,Richard Sharpe and the Waterloo Campaign, 15 June to 18 June 1815	Bernard Cornwell		Richard Sharpe And The Waterloo Campaign, 15 June To 18 June 1815. It Is 1815. Sharpe Is Serving On The Personal Staff Of The Inexperienced And Incompetent Young Frog, William, Prince Of Orange, Who Has Been Given Command Of A Large Proportion Of The Allied Force. More Concerned With Cutting A Dash At A Grand Society Ball In Brussels, The Young Frog Refuses To Listen To Sharpe'S Scouting Reports Of An Enormous Army Marching Towards Them With The Lately Returned Napoleon At Its Head. When The Battle Of Waterloo Commences, Sharpe Has To Stand By And Watch Military Folly On A Grand Scale. But At The Height Of The Conflict, Just As Victory Seems Impossible, He Makes A Momentous Decision. With His Usual Skill, Courage And Determination He Takes Command And The Most Hard-Fought And Bloody Battle Of His Career Becomes Sharpe'S Own Magnificent Triumph.	2000	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780006510307	Sharpe's triumph,Richard Sharpe and the Battle of Assaye, September 1803	Bernard Cornwell		The Latest Of Cornwell'S Perennially Popular Sharpe Adventures, Returning, Like Sharpe'S Tiger, To India, And Culminating With The Battle At Assaye Which Wellington Considered His Greatest Victory. Repackaged In The Fantastic New Sharpe Look. As Millions Of Readers Came To Know Bernard Cornwell'S Brilliant Creation Richard Sharpe As He Fought His Way Through The Peninsular War, So They Discovered That Sharpe Had Started His Soldiering Career In India. In 1997, Sharpe'S Tiger Finally Lifted The Veil On This Exciting Early Life And Became The Biggest-Selling Sharpe Novel Of All. Now, The Year Is 1803 And Young Sergeant Richard Sharpe Is Still In India Where, Following His Successes In Sharpe'S Tiger, He Is On The Trail Of A Renegade East India Company Officer. The Pursuit Takes Him Through The Vicious Siege Of Ahmednuggur To The Bloody Battlefield Of Assaye Where The Future Duke Of Wellington Won What He Considered To Be His Greatest Victory, With Richard Sharpe, Naturally, At His Side. Full Of The Action And Drama And Atmosphere That Have Made This Series So Immensely Popular With Both Readers And Television Viewers, Sharpe'S Triumph Will Be One Of The Most Eagerly Awaited Novels Of The Year.	1999	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780006510314	Sharpe's Fortress,Richard Sharpe and the Siege of Gawilghur, December 1803	Bernard Cornwell		Sharpe, Having Just Received His Commission, Faces His Toughest Battle Yet In This Return To India, The Terrain Of The Bestselling Sharpe'S Tiger. Repackaged In The Fantastic New Sharpe Look. It Is 1803 And Sir Arthur Wellesley'S Army Is Closing On The Retreating Mahrattas In Western India. Marching With The British Is Ensign Richard Sharpe, Newly Made Into An Officer And Wishing He Had Stayed A Sergeant. Spurned By His New Regiment, He Is Sent To The Army'S Baggage Train And There Finds Corruption, Romance, Treason And Enemies Old And New. Sergeant Hakeswill Wants Sharpe Dead, And Hakeswill Has Powerful Friends While Sharpe Has Only An Orphaned Arab Boy As His Ally. And Waiting With The Cornered Mahrattas Is Another Enemy, The Renegade Englishman, William Dodd, Who Does Not Envisage Defeat, But Only A Glorious Triumph. For The Mahrattas Have Taken Refuge In Gawilghur, The Greatest Stronghold Of India, Perched High On Its Cliffs Above The Deccan Plain. Who Rules In Gawilghur, It Is Said, Rules India, And Dodd Knows That The Fortress Is Impregnable. There, Behind Its Double Walls, In The Towering Twin Forts, Sharpe Must Face His Enemies In What Will Prove To Be Wellesley'S Last Battle On Indian Soil.	2000	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780006175247	Sharpe's siege,Richard Sharpe and the Winter Campaign, 1814	Bernard Cornwell		A Classic Sharpe Adventure: Richard Sharpe And The Winter Campaign, 1814. The Invasion Of France Is Under Way, And The British Navy Has Called Upon The Services Of Major Richard Sharpe. He And A Small Force Of Riflemen Are To Capture A Fortress And Secure A Landing On The French Coast. It Is To Be One Of The Most Dangerous Missions Of His Career. Through The Incompetence Of A Recklessly Ambitious Naval Commander And The Machinations Of His Old Enemy, French Spymaster Pierre Ducos, Sharpe Finds Himself Abandoned In The Heart Of Enemy Territory, Facing Overwhelming Forces And The Very Real Prospect Of Defeat. He Has No Alternative But To Trust His Fortunes To An American Privateer A Man Who Has No Love For The British Invaders.	1988	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007164035	Watercolour Painting Course	Alwyn Crawshaw		This is an updated paperback edition of TV artist Alwyn Crawshaw's guide to watercolour painting. It covers everything that the beginner needs to know in 32 comprehensive lessons.	2005	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007241682	The naked civil servant	Quentin Crisp		The flamboyant autobiography of the uninhibited and wonderful Quentin Crisp. Quentin Crisp was a true original. With his mauve hair and flamboyant sense of style, by the time of his death he was widely hailed as one of the great British eccentrics. An openly gay man in a less tolerant era (he once declared himself the "Stately Homo of England") he was born on Christmas Day 1908 to "middle-class, middle-brow" parents, and sent to boarding school in Derbyshire ("a cross between a monastery and a prison"). He moved to London in the 1920s, earning money through stints nude modelling, prostitution and book designing. After a radio appearance in 1968 he decided to write his autobiography. Initially it sold only 3,500 copies and the future looked bleak ('If at first you don't succeed,' Crisp once said, 'failure may be your style'). But after it adaptation into a drama for the BBC in 1975, books began to fly off the shelves and Crisp became an overnight celebrity. Three years later he made his off-Broadway debut in 'An Evening with Quentin Crisp' and followed it with his version of Lady Bracknell in 'The Importance of Being Ernest'. Over the years further books followed: 'How to Have a Life-Style', 'Manners From Heaven', 'How to Be a Virgin' and 'Resident Alien', his acclaimed New York diaries. He died in November 1999, just one month before his 91st birthday.	2007-03-01	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007279074	Memory Cure	Thomas H Crook&Brendad Adderlymha				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9781841157887	The hours	Michael Cunningham		Een dag uit het leven van drie vrouwen in de jaren '20, '40 en '90, met als bindend element de roman "Mrs. Dalloway" van Virginia Woolf.	2002-01-01	Fourth Estate						ZZZ000000
9780007259243	211 Things a Bright Girl Can Do	Bunty Cutler		211 Things a Bright Girl Can Do is the essential life-skills handbook for bright girls of every age, featuring all the subjects they don't teach you at school or Guides.Girls, if you reached adulthood without learning how to do a handbrake turn, estimating the size of a gentleman's tackle, or how to do your own Brazilian, this is the book for you. Divided into handy sections, this fascinating volume contains easy-to-follow tutorials and priceless tips, including: How to Be Completely Gorgeous: big knickers or small?, how to pluck your eyebrows, choosing the right size bra, the Imelda Marcos guide to shoes; The Compleat Homemaker: how to make Turkish delight, how to get a man to do the housework, how to make tea for a builder; Jolly Hockeysticks!: how to groom a horse, decorating a Christmas tree, how to read the tealeaves, how to force a cucumber; How to be Bad: complete whipcraft, how to do a striptease and everything else your mistresses didn't teach you at school, but you wished they had.Plus much, much more.This volume won't improve your morals or make you smell nice, but it will entertain and inform. So if you've always wanted to know how to lose six pounds in six hours, how to travel in a sidecar and how to turn down a rotten marriage proposal, this is the book you've been waiting for.	2007-10-11	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007257706	Family Tree	Barbara Delinsky		Dana Clarke has it all - a husband, Hugh, who she adores, a beautiful home in a wealthy area, and a baby on the way. But, when her daughter, Lizzie, is born, what should be the happiest day of her life turns out to be the moment that her world falls apart. Lizzie is beautiful, healthy, and black Born from two white parents, there are only two possibilities: that a distant relative was of African descent, or that Dana has had an affair. As the Clarke family reel from the shock, accusations are thrown and soon the trust that Dana and Hugh had prided themselves on is slipping away. So begins a poignant journey to uncover the truth about their past, to discover what legacy their ancestors left them. And, as the stability of the Clarke family is torn apart, the reader is forced to ask how much any one of us really knows about our own identity.	2008	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007252220	Maynard and Jennica	Rudolph Delson		Cool, Hip And Exceedingly Witty, This Is A Playful And Inventive Love Story Set In New York. Maynard Gogarty Is Bored With What He'S Not Quite Sure, But He'S Definitely Bored. He'S A Tweed-Suit-Wearing, Perennially Glum Thirty-Something Nursing A Short-Film Career That Shows No Signs Of Development. Plus He'S Misanthropic. But Recently He'S Turned Over A New Leaf: Whatever Befalls Him, He'S Decided He'S Going To Be Happy. Enter Jennica Green, Who Seems To Have It All: A Princeton Graduate With A High-Paying Job. But Then Again, She'S The Kind Of Girl Who Spends Two Weeks Organizing A Trip To A County Fair - Which Might Explain Why She Is Still Single. When Maynard Glimpses This Jewish Bridget Jones On A Blazingly Hot Subway Ride, What Are The Odds&? Set Either Side Of 9/11, Maynard And Jennica'S Courtship Is Narrated By Our Heroes And Their Many Observers: All Four Parents (Only Three Living), A Russian-German-Israeli Scam Artist (And Maynard'S Current Wife), A Rapper With A Linguistics Background, An Adolescent Trumpeter And A Macaw. On The Face Of It, Maynard & Jennica Is About Many Things: A Tree Homicide, New York City'S Real-Estate Boom, Hip-Hop Sampling, The 1989 San Francisco Earthquake, Subway Emergency Brake Etiquette, The Tournament Rules Of Scrabble, The Naming Of Cats. At Its Heart, This Brilliant First Novel With Its Menagerie Of Voices Is A Simple Love Story, As Touching As It Is Hilarious. The Film Rights Have Been Optioned By Scott Rudin Producer Of The Hours, Wonder Boys, The School Of Rock And The Queen. 'Rudolph Delson Joins A Constellation Of Bright Young Things Whose Most Prominent Star Is Jonathan Safran Foer. It Is An Effortless Read.' Financial Times	2008-08-04	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007233366	The GL Diet Made Easy,How to Eat, Cheat and Still Lose Weight	Nigel Denby		Dieting is so much easier thanks to Nigel Denby's fantastically simple GL diet. There's no calorie or point counting, no hunger, no guilt and no faddy food rules. Even better, you can drop a size in 10 days - and keep it off. All you need to do is stick to a few simple eating guidelines and enjoy his delicious recipes and flexible meal plans. GL, or Glycaemic Load, gets better results than GI (Glycaemic Index) because it helps you manage the quality AND the quantity of the food you eat. For example, on a GI diet chocolate is off the menu because a single bar of chocolate and a truckload of chocolate have the same bad rating. It's a different story on GL: you can cheat a little and still enjoy your chocolate fix. This diet is so easy and so indulgent that you'll hardly notice you are on it until your unwanted pounds disappear. ? Simple eating guidelines - no rigid rules ? Safe, permanent weight loss ? 10-day flexible planner - drop a size and get on track ? Mouth-watering choice of 10-minute recipes	2006-12-14	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9788172236977	Darlingji,the true love story of Nargis and Sunil Dutt	Kishwar Desai		Biographies of Sunil Dutt,1930-2005 and Nargis Dutt,1929-1981, Hindi motion picture actors.	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172236786	Women In Indian Cinema	Sharmila Tagore			2007	Harpercollins						ZZZ000000
9780007180684	The Firemaster's Mistress	Christie Dickason		In the troubled year of 1605, Papist plots are rife in the gaudy streets of Shakespeare's London as the fifth of November approaches ... Francis Quoynt, Firemaster, is recently returned from Flanders and dreaming of making fireworks rather than war. Instead, Quoynt is recruited by Robert Cecil, First Minister, to spy on Guido Fawkes and his fellow conspirators. Meanwhile, Sir Francis Bacon is scheming for high position and spying on Quoynt. Kate Peach, a glove maker, was Quoynt's lover before war took him away. Now living in Southwark, she is brought into grave danger. She is a secret Catholic. A fugitive Jesuit is concealed in her rooms. While Francis hopes to prevent the death of King James I and everyone in his parliament, Kate will have to save herself ...	2006-09-21	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007216840	The year of magical thinking	Joan Didion		From one of America's iconic writers, a stunning book of electric honesty and passion.Joan Didion explores an intensely personal yet universal experience: a portrait of a marriage-and a life, in good times and bad-that will speak to anyone who has ever loved a husband or wife or child.Several days before Christmas 2003, John Gregory Dunne and Joan Didion saw their only daughter, Quintana, fall ill with what seemed at first flu, then pneumonia, then complete septic shock. She was put into an induced coma and placed on life support. Days later-the night before New Year's Eve-the Dunnes were just sitting down to dinner after visiting the hospital when John Gregory Dunne suffered a massive and fatal coronary. In a second, this close, symbiotic partnership of 40 years was over. Four weeks later, their daughter pulled through. Two months after that, arriving at LAX, she collapsed and underwent six hours of brain surgery at UCLA Medical Center to relieve a massive hematoma.This powerful book is Didion's "attempt to make sense of the weeks and then months that cut loose any fixed idea I ever had about death, about illness . . . about marriage and children and memory . . . about the shallowness of sanity, about life itself."	2005	Fourth Estate						ZZZ000000
9780007301287	Ugly Shy Girl	Laura Dockrill		Roald Dahl and Quention Blake meets Tim Burton in sassy poet Laura Dockrills edgy and hilarious taleYou might have known somebody like Ugly Shy Girl once  You might have seen her bumping into lamp-posts and tripping over her bag. She wears a denim skirt down to her ankles and a second-hand Naf Naf jacket. Her hair hangs down in front of her face and her nails are bitten and sore. She is always doing or saying completely the wrong thing.This itwisted tale is about the struggle of growing up in a place where you dont belong, surrounded by people you hate and how delicious getting your own back can be.	2009-05-28	Harper Collins Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9780007250387	Zoology	Ben Dolnick		"Zoology is the story of Henry Elinsky, a college flunk-out who takes a job at the Central Park Zoo and discovers that becoming an adult takes a lot more than just a weekly paycheck."--BOOK JACKET.	2007-08-06	HarperPress						ZZZ000000
9780007269549	Beautiful People	Simon Doonan		A charming and funny memoir of escaping a bonkers family and following your dreams Simon Doonan's childhood was a curious mix of small town boredom and bright light city dreams. Growing up in a working class area of Reading with the mad-cap Doonan clan - Mother Betty, Father Terry, blind Aunt Phyllis, grandmother Narg and Grandfather D.C. - he yearned to get out and find the Beautiful People whom he imagined lived fabulous lives of glitz and glamour. This is the charming and funny story of how Simon eventually finds a way out and escapes to London with best friend Biddie Biddlecombe. Along the way they stumble upon punks, drunks, ladies of the night, the long arm of the law and all sorts of camps, vamps and outrageous scamps. But does he ever find the Beautiful People? Or could they be the ones he left behind...?	2008-05-06	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007279081	Tao Of Personal Leadership	Diane Dreher				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007278763	Elements Of Human Potential	Nevil Drury			2008	HarperCollins						SEL000000
9780007214624	Finding Moonshine	Marcus du Sautoy		This new book from the author of 'The Music of the Primes' combines a personal insight into the mind of a working mathematician with the story of one of the biggest adventures in mathematics: the search for symmetry.This is the story of how humankind has come to its understanding of the bizarre world of symmetry  a subject of fundamental significance to the way we interpret the world around us.Our eyes and minds are drawn to symmetrical objects, from the sphere to the swastika, the pyramid to the pentagon. Symmetry indicates a dynamic relationship or connection between objects, and it is all-pervasive: in chemistry and physics the concept of symmetry explains the structure of crystals or the theory of fundamental particles; in evolutionary biology, the natural world exploits symmetry in the fight for survival; symmetry and the breaking of symmetry are central to ideas in art, architecture and music; the mathematics of symmetry is even exploited in industry, for example to find efficient ways to store more music on a CD or to keep your mobile phone conversation from cracking up through interference.Marcus du Sautoy constantly strives to push his own boundaries to find ways in which to share the excitement of mathematics with a broader audience; this book charts his own personal quest to master one of the most innate and intangible concepts, and to demonstrate the intricacy and beauty of the world around us.	2009-05-14	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007272648	Rapid reading	Geoffrey A. Dudley			1964	Psychology Pub. Co.						ZZZ000000
9780007157693	Younger Gods	David Eddings&Leigh Eddings		This is the exciting final volume in the glorious fantasy series The Dreamers. From the masters of modern fantasy, a magical, action packed, totally engaging and characterful story of mythical proportions featuring gods, people and other creatures. The attacks of the dreadful insect queen known as the Vlagh have been repelled in three of the Elder Gods' realms. Now, only the land ruled by the Goddess Aracia remains for the Vlagh to send her hordes to attack. But while the Gods, their younger avatars and their human comrades have emerged victorious from all previous encounters, this time the Goddess herself may be their greatest foe - she craves worship and hates the idea of being replaced by a younger God when her time comes to an end...and that time is approaching fast. A mighty conclusion to a fabulous series!	2007-05-01	HarperCollins						FIC009000
9780007263103	ESV Cross-Reference Paperback Bible,English Standard Version	English-Standard-Version		With centre-column cross-references and a concordance, and the English Standard Version's acclaimed accuracy, this paperback Bible is a great way to get deeper into Bible study. The English Standard Version is a highly accurate translation of the Bible from the original sources. It sits in the classic stream of word-for-word Bible translations, using the Revised Standard Version as a base, but incorporates all the most recent advances in modern language use. It combines the utmost accuracy with readability and literary beauty. The Translation Oversight Committee and Translation Review Board are composed of evangelical scholars from many different denominations and from various countries. Setting aside doctrinal difference and personal preferences they have striven to render the closest possible equivalent to the original in modern English. Accurate yet readable word for word Bible translation Suitable for in-depth study and for personal devotional use Retains the literary beauty much-loved in classic Bible translation Ideal for public reading and memorization Centre column cross-references Concordance Ideal for use by all Christians, for all purposes from personal devotions to academic study, the English Standard Version is the new Bible for all Christians.	2008-06-02	HarperCollins						BIB018000
9780007279012	Fats We Need To Eat The	Jeannette Ewin				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007133796	Into a Dark Realm	Raymond E. Feist		"The Conclave of Shadows has smashed the Nighthawks' dread plot to destroy the Empire of Great Kesh through civil war, putting an end to the murderous brotherhood's reign of terror. But there is no time for the victors to celebrate, for the mad sorcerer, Leso Varen, has taken refuge with the Magicians of the Assembly on the world of Kelewan, and is lost among the most powerful men and women of that empire. And a devastating new threat looms on the horizon: hordes of the Dasati - the most vicious warriors in the known universe - are massing to overrun both Kelewan and Midkemia." "The great sorcerer Pug knows of no power that will vanquish the invaders. And he realizes he must now enter another realm of reality if his world is to survive - and make his way to the poisonous heart of the Dasati Empire to find the answers he needs to defeat the fearsome enemy. Joining him on his quest into the dark unknown will be the brave Magnus and Nakor ... and a disturbing young stranger named Bek, whose terrifying bloodlust and uncanny strength attest to a host of sinister secrets waiting to be revealed. But the champions of Midkemia will need every ally they can muster if their mission is to succeed in the most terrible place they have ever ventured - as they and all Midkemians prepare for battle against the encroaching doom that would swallow their world."--BOOK JACKET.	2007	Centraal Boekhuis						FIC009000
9780007277902	Heart Of Wisdom, Mind Of Calm	Christina Feldman				Element Children Books						ZZZ000000
9780007290970	The War Widows	Leah Fleming		When You Lose Everything You Love, You Need A Friend& Nothing Ever Happens In Sleepy Grimbleton. Until Two Strangers - Both Claiming To Be The Fiance Of A Dead Soldier - Arrive In Town. Susan Prides Herself On Her Refined 'English' Manners - Yet Her Airs And Graces Hide Harrowing Memories Of Her Escape From War-Torn Burma. Volatile Ana Pines For The Sunshine Of Her Greek Village - But Is Forever Haunted By Her Sister'S Death At The Hands Of The Nazis'. Enemies At First, Su And Ana Soon Find Themselves United In Grief At The Loss Of Freddie Winstanley - The Father Of Both Their Children. Freddie'S Sister Lily Takes The Women Under Her Wing And Soon The Circle Of Friends Expands To Include Italian Maria, Torn Between Her Invalid Husband And Another Man, And Uppercrust Diana, Whose Jolly Exterior Conceals A Secret Sorrow. Supported By This New-Found Sisterhood, Lily Dares To Dream Of Spreading Her Wings Away From Her Domineering Family And Spineless Fianc. But Each Woman'S Courage Is Soon Sorely Tested. Can They Help Each Other To Find Happiness After The Heartache Of War?		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007190409	Eve Green	Susan Fletcher			2005-04-14	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007242108	Digital SLR Handbook	John Freeman		Sales of digital SLR cameras are up an astonishing 400 percent in the last two years. That's a lot of cameras. But not a lot of people know how to get the most out of a digital SLR. "Digital SLR Handbook" takes readers through all the steps needed to get great photographs from these powerful devices, from choosing equipment, to understanding memory and modes, from composition to photographic themes to special applications like underwater or night photography. After the picture is taken, this comprehensive book takes readers straight to the darkroom for downloading, storing, and backup, plus tips on using Photoshop, printing, and more. Perfect for professionals as well as beginners and beautifully illustrated with hundreds of stunning images, "Digital SLR Handbook" is a practical yet inspiring guide to getting great pictures from any digital SLR.	2007-09-06	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007263165	Josephine Wants to Dance	Jackie French		Josephine loves to dance. She adores nothing more than bouncing with the brolgas, leaping with the lyrebirds and swaying with the branches in the trees. However, Josephine is no ordinary dancer. . . shea??s a KANGAROO! From the award-winning creators of Diary of a Wombat and Pete the Sheep, comes this hiarious and charming tale of one determined dancing kangaroo. When spying through the window of a ballet class one day, Josephine gets her chance to show the world just what she can do! Against all the odds, with her tutu flying behind her, Josephine gets everybody swishing ands swirling, prancing and bouncing for an evening nobody will ever forget!	2008-02-04	HarperCollins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007177554	Tibet, Tibet,a personal history of a lost land	Patrick French			2004-06-07	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007207831	Maths Dictionary	Kay Gardner			2005-07-01	Collins Children's Books						JNF035000
9780007279920	Collins Complete Photography Course	John Garrett&Graeme Harris		"This practical course caters for all levels of skill and experience. Easy-to-follow illustrated projects encourage and inspire you to greater camera confidence. Professional tips help make an instant difference to your photography whether you use a top-of-the-range SLR or a tiny camera phone."--BOOK JACKET.	2008-09-01	Collins						ZZZ000000
9788172237080	Ms A Life In Music (pb)	T. J. S. George			2007	Harpercollins Publishers						ZZZ000000
9780007196708	The Sad Truth about Happiness	Anne Giardini		A first novel - bittersweet and comic - on the elusive nature of happiness, from the eldest daughter of novelist Carol Shields.Maggie, the 31-year-old middle child who is just a little too predictable, is ready for change - but not the kind that swoops down on her in The Sad Truth about Happiness. Maggie's roommate Rebecca devises questionnaires for women's magazines, and she is convinced her newest one can predict the exact date of death of anyone who answers the questions honestly. Rebecca, they learn, is going to live to a healthy old age. When Maggie fills it in she is puzzled to discover that she'll live to be 132 years old, until she realises that in fact the test is telling her she actually has only 132 days more, and is scheduled to die shortly before her next birthday. The fact that she has answered the 'are you happy' question with a 'no' appears to have shaved decades off her life expectancy, and she resolves to live differently; if she can become happy in her three remaining months, perhaps she can wrest her fate free of the prediction.But with wry comedy, Maggie's life takes a dramatic turn for the worse from that very moment. Trying to protect her younger sister Lucy from the attentions of a spurned boyfriend, Maggie finds herself on the run with Lucy's newborn child. And this is only the beginning of her problems...Anne Giardini has written a poignant and sharply witty novel on the bonds between sisters, the pull of home, and the nature of happiness: elusive, fleeting, inspiring, infinitely variable. Her bittersweet portrait of domestic life spiralling out of control is the work of an important new voice and a natural storyteller.	2006-02-06	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007203673	Collins junior illustrated dictionary	Evelyn Goldsmith		For children aged 6 and over, this best-selling illustrated dictionary contains full sentence definitions and child-friendly example sentences as well as colourful illustrations and photographs, colour headwords and an A-Z on every page.	2005-06-01	Collins Educational						ZZZ000000
9780061711480	Breakthrough Imperative The	Mark Gottfredson&Steve Schaubert		Every General Manager Today All The Way Up To The Ceo Is Expected By His Or Her Stakeholders To Achieve New Breakthroughs In Performance And Fast. Those Who Don'T Make Visible Progress Toward That Goal Within The First Year Or Two Will Likely Find Themselves Looking For Another Job. It Is Precisely Because Of This Growing Breakthrough Imperative That Managers Today, Whether In Corporations Or Nonprofi Ts, Need To Get Off To A Fast Start. They Don'T Have Time For Mistakes Or For Going Back And Redoing What They Should Have Done Right In The First Place.But, Despite The Intensity Of These Pressures, Despite The High Expectations And Short Time Frames, A Number Of Ceos And General Managers Turn In Truly Exceptional Results. How Do They Meet And Exceed The Breakthrough Imperative? To Answer This Question, Consultants And Former Managers Mark Gottfredson And Steve Schaubert Interviewed More Than Forty Ceos From Both Industry And The Nonprofit Sector, Conducted An Intensive Study Of What Successful Managers Do Right And What Some Do Wrong And Drew On Their Own Combined Fi Fty-Plus Years Of Experience At Bain & Company, Where Their Insights Have Consistently Been Found In The Pages Of The Harvard Business Review. Together They Came Up With The Four Straightforward Principles Deceptively Simple Yet Remarkably Powerful That Everyone Must Follow To Succeed At Achieving Breakthrough Results:1. Costs And Prices Always Decline2. Competitive Position Determines Options3. Customers And Profi T Pools Don'T Stand Still4. Simplicity Gets ResultsAlthough Seemingly Simplistic, Mastering These Four Laws Means Mastering The Basics Of Great Management A Foundation On Which To Build The Rest Of One'S Management Strategy. Whether You'Re Managing A Small Work Group Or A Multinational Corporation, A Single Division Or An Entire Nonprofit, The Breakthrough Imperative Presents These Core Laws Of Business To Help You Determine Where You Are, Just How Far You Can Go, And How To Get There With Stellar Results.		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780006513971	The brightest day, the darkest night	Brendan Graham		From the author of the highly acclaimed ~The Whitest Flower" and its sequel comes a new novel just as vast in scope and powerful storytelling as its predecessors. Set against the backdrop of the American Civil War, the powerful new novel from the author of the acclaimed The Whitest Flower and The Element of Fire poignantly explores forgiveness, longing, and the changing role of women set free by war from the protection of their men. Ellen O'Malley, together with her natural daughter Mary and adopted daughter Louisa, helps tend the wounds of the soldiers who have fallen in battle. In the killing fields of Virginia she toils, not realising that her estranged son, Patrick, and Lavelle, the husband she desperately seeks, are on opposing sides of the terrible conflict. Meanwhile, Lavelle and Ellen's former lover, Stephen joyce, likewise seek her out " and each other " with tragic repercussions. The inspiring story of Ellen's race against the ravages of war is a tale of great loves, impossible choices and the triumph of the human spirit against all odds.	2006-10-05	Harper						ZZZ000000
9780007272112	Pony Club Secrect :Mystic & Midnight	Stacy Gregg		The First Adventure In This Fresh And Fun New Pony-Club Series For All Girls Who Love Horses. Issie Loves Horses And Is A Member Of The Chevalier Point Pony Club, Where She Looks After Her Pony, Mystic, Trains For Gymkhanas And Hangs Out With Her Best Friends. When Issie Is Asked To Train Blaze, An Abandoned Pony, Her Riding Skills Are Put To The Test. Can She Tame The Spirited New Horse? And Is Blaze Really Out Of Danger? This Is A Fast-Paced, Action-Packed New Pony Series For All Girls Aged 8-12.	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007259052	Buy, buy baby,how big business captures the ultimate consumer - your baby or toddler	Susan Gregory Thomas		In the tradition of No Logo and Fast Food Nation, Buy Buy Baby investigates how today's consumer economy markets to infants and toddlers.Buy Buy Baby is a powerful expose of the aggressive marketing techniques used by multinational toy and media corporations to snare the ultimate consumer - your baby or toddler.While it's no secret that toy and media companies manipulate the insecurities of parents to sell them products, Buy Buy Baby reveals how these corporations sponsor and use the latest research in child development to sell directly to the 0-3 age group.As a parent and as a business journalist, author Susan Gregory Thomas, former senior editor at US News & World Report who has written for Time and Glamour amongst others; is uniquely qualified to write on this subject. She reveals the growing evidence that some of the products aimed at young children have little or no 'educational benefit' and that these toys could even impair early development.Moreover she examines the huge negative impact of selling products to such young children and argues that kids are now experiencing the anxiety, hyper-competitiveness and depression usually found in adults and caused by the effects of rampant consumerism.Buy Buy Baby is an important contribution to the parenting and business book markets and is sure to permanently alter what and how we buy for our kids.	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780006511779	Zelda's cut	Philippa Gregory		Isobel Latimer is trapped - by her need to be a good woman, by massive secret debt, and by the burden of impeccable literary reputation. Everyone wants a cut of her talent, her time or her money, but only she knows there's nothing left to give. In desperation, Isobel and her agent, Troy, conspire to create a shameless blockbuster with an author to match. Zelda is born. Zelda can do everything that Isobel cannot - the unspeakable is said, taboos are broken and desires are unleashed. Troy revels in the wildness, but Isobel senses menace behind the beautiful mask, and she longs for the safety of her husband and home. But when she returns, the familiar has changed...	2001-02-05	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007287246	A Very Marley Christmas	John Grogan			2008-11-03	Harper Collins Publ. UK						JUV000000
9780007232406	The Sailor in the Wardrobe	Hugo Hamilton		Following on from the success of 'The Speckled People', Hugo Hamilton's new memoir recounts the summer he spent working at a local harbour in Ireland, at a time of tremendous fear and mistrust. Young Hugo longs to be released from the confused identity he has inherited from his German mother and Irish father, but the backdrop of his mother's shame at the hands of Allied soldiers in the aftermath of the Second World War, along with his German cousin's mysterious disappearance somewhere on the Irish West Coast and the spiralling troubles in the north, seems determined to trap him in history. In an attempt to break free of his past, Hugo rebels against his father's strict and crusading regime and turns to the exciting new world of rock and roll, still a taboo subject in the family home. His job at the local harbour, rather than offering a welcome respite from his speckled world, entangles him in a bitter feud between two fishermen - one Catholic, one Protestant. Hugo listens to the missing persons bulletins going out on the radio for his German cousin, and watches the unfolding harbour duel end in drowning before he can finally escape the ropes of history.	2006	Harper Perennial						HIS027100
9780007270934	My story	Lewis Hamilton			2007-11-05	HarperSport						BIO016000
9780007245956	Sociology,themes and perspectives	Michael Haralambos&Martin Holborn		The best-selling Sociology Themes and Perspectives is a favourite with students and teachers, selling over a million copies world-wide over 25 years. This seventh edition has been fully updated to give all the detail and depth needed to get students the best grades and prepare teachers for teaching. Contents Introduction: Sociological Perspectives 1. Social Stratification 2. Sex and Gender 3. Race, Ethnicity and Nationality 4. Poverty and Social Exclusion 5. Health, Medicine and the Body 6. Crime and Deviance 7. Religion 8. Families and Households 9. Power, Politics and the State 10. Education 11. Culture and Identity 12. Communication and the Media 13. Age 14. Methodology 15. Sociological Theory Bibliography Index	2008-02-08	Collins Educational						ZZZ000000
9780007232765	Bird Woman	Kerry Hardie		A phone call summons 36-year-old Southern Irish Catholic Ellen McKinnon to her estranged and dying mother's bedside in Derry, North Ireland. The phone call sends Ellen on a brief and darkly nostalgic trip that provides a thumbnail sketch of her past: an abusive first husband (now dead); a stillborn child; her clairvoyant "seeing" that landed her in a Belfast mental hospital; her initial encounter with Liam, who later becomes her second husband. The narrative follows their relationship, as sculptor Liam struggles to make a name for himself in the art world and Ellen's clairvoyance transforms into the power to heal the sick. At Liam's insistence, and with the encouragement of her friend Catherine, a former nun, Ellen begins working as a healer, forcing her to come to terms with her new role in the community and confront the prejudices (both her own and others') that separate northerners from southerners.	2006-09-30	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007311279	White Witch, Black Curse	Kim Harrison			2009-05-14	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007277650	Q & A Series : Hearing Loss	Jennifer Hay				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007198207	Twilight Children	Torey L. Hayden		From the author of the phenomenal Sunday Times bestsellers ~One Child" and ~Ghost Girl", comes a startling and poignant memoir of three people's victimisation and abuse " and their heartbreaking but ultimately successful steps to recovery, with the help of Torey Hayden, an extraordinary teacher. Two children trapped in a prison of silence and a woman suffering in the twilight of her years " these are the cases that would test the extraordinary courage, compassion and skill of Torey Hayden and ultimately reaffirm her faith in the indomitable strength of the human spirit. While working in the children"s psychiatric ward of a large hospital, Torey was introduced to seven-year-old Cassandra, a child who had been kidnapped by her father and was found dirty, starving and picking though rubbish bins to survive. She refused to speak, so Torey could only imagine what she"d been through. Drake, by contrast, was a charismatic four-year-old who managed to participate fully in his pre-school class without uttering a single word. Then, there was Gerda, eighty-two, who had suffered a massive stroke and was unwilling to engage in conversation with anyone. Although Torey had never worked with adults, she agreed to help when all other efforts had failed.	2007	HarperElement						ZZZ000000
9780007196616	A Scent of Bluebells	Meg Henderson		They called her Auld Nallythe local moneylender in one of Glasgow's roughest areas, Inchcraig. But once she'd been Alice McInally, beautiful and beloved by her childhood sweetheart. She hadn't anticipated the outcry when they announced their betrothalas he was Catholic and she was Protestant. Cast out by their well-to-do families, the couple's hope of a bright future founders in the realities of war-torn Glasgow, and Alice ends up struggling to make ends meet in the only way she can. Somehow she will win respectability for the children in her careeven if that means telling a lie with the best of intentions!	2007-04-02	HarperCollins UK						ZZZ000000
9780007273010	Acupuncture	Angela Hicks				Harper Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007273058	Principles Of Chinese Medicine	Angela Hicks				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007276417	Rough justice	Jack Higgins		Sean Dillon befinder sig p ny midt i en god blanding af mord, forrderi og vold. Denne gang er det russiske regime i frd med at indfre en ny type koldkrig.	2008-04-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007251711	The keys of hell	Jack Higgins			1965	Abelard-Schuman						ZZZ000000
9780007241743	Seabiscuit,The True Story of Three Men and a Racehorse	Laura Hillenbrand		The true story of three men and their dreams for a racehorse ' Seabiscuit ' which encompasses a pivotal moment in American history: its resurrection from the Depression. In 1936, as Margaret Mitchell's 'Gone with the Wind' was published, the habits of 19th-century America were finally consigned to history. In their place, modern America was born. But what defined this new era? Nothing more than the story of Seabiscuit, a stunted colt with asymmetrical knees that had for two years been hacked around no-good race tracks. Yet by 1937 Seabiscuit could draw crowds of 60,000 and had more newspaper column inches devoted to him than Mussolini, Hitler or Roosevelt. During an appearance at the Santa Anita Handicap, his popularity peaked. America had gone to the races for the first time since the Depression and fallen in love with a misshapen colt of great character. Now it wanted a winner. 'Seabiscuit' tells the tale of one horse's fluctuating fortunes, and the three men who devoted so much time to the dream: Tom Smith, a former Wild West Showman and Seabiscuit's trainer; Red Pollard, who was abandoned by his poverty stricken family at a race track but became Seabiscuit's rider; and Charles Howard, a pioneer car manufacturer in San Francisco in the 1920s who financed the entire project. These three combined to create the legend of Seabiscuit and epitomise a dream for the emerging new America.	2007-02-05	HarperCollins						SPO021000
9780007196173	Forest Mage	Robin Hobb		The second book in the brand new trilogy from the author of the Tawny Man trilogy, following on from the bestselling Shaman's Crossing. The King's Cavalla Academy has been ravaged by the Speck plague. The disease has decimated the ranks of both cadets and instructors, and even the survivors remain sickly. Many have been forced to relinquish their military ambitions and return to their families to face lives of dependency and disappointment. As the Academy infirmary empties, Cadet Nevare Burvelle also prepares to journey home, to attend his brother Rosse's wedding. Far from being a broken man, Nevare is hale and hearty after his convalescence. He has defeated his nemesis, Tree Woman and freed himself of the Speck magic that infected him and attempted to turn him against his own people. A bright future awaits him as a commissioned officer betrothed to a beautiful young noblewoman. Yet his nights are still haunted by dreams of the voluptuous Tree Woman, dreams in which his Speck self betrays everything he holds dear in his waking life. Has the plague infected him in ways far more mysterious than the merely physical? Despite his fears, Nevare will journey back to Widevale in high spirits, in full expectation of a jubilant homecoming and a tender reunion with his beautiful fiance, Carsina. But his life is about to take a shocking turn, as the magic in his blood roars to life and forces him to recognize that his most dangerous enemy, an enemy that seeks to destroy all he loves, might dwell within him.	2007-09-30	Harper Voyager						FIC009000
9780007196203	Renegade's Magic	Robin Hobb		The final book in the Soldier Son from the author of the Tawny Man and Farseer trilogies, following on from the bestselling Shaman's Crossing and Forest Mage. The people of Getty's town remember the death of their cemetery soldier vividly. They remember believing him guilty of unspeakable crimes, condemning him, and then watching as other men of his unit beat him until he no longer drew breath. But Nevare Burvelle didn't die that day, though everyone believes they saw it happen. He was cornered by a power far more intractable than an angry mob. When he was a boy, the magic of the Specks ' the dapple-skinned tribes of the frontier forests ' claimed Nevare as a saviour; severing his soul in two, naming his stolen half Soldier's Boy and shaping him into a weapon to halt the Gernian expansion into their lands and save their beloved ancestor trees. Until now Nevare has defied the magic, unable to accept his traitorous fate. But the magic has won: it has extinguished his once golden future, devastated his family and has now turned his own people against him. Faced with endangering the only loved-ones he has left, Nevare has no choice but to surrender to its will and enter the forest. But surrendering to his Speck destiny is only the beginning of his trials. Before he submits completely, Nevare makes one desperate last attempt to deter the Gernians from the Barrier Mountains without causing them harm. But the magic accepts no compromise. Exhausted, Nevare can no longer suppress his traitorous Speck self, Soldiers Boy. Losing control, he becomes a prisoner in his own body; able only to watch helplessly as his other half takes Soldier's Boy is determined to stop the Gernian expansion at all cost, and unlike Nevare, he has no love, nor sympathy for his spirit-twin's world.	2008-07-07	Harper Collins Publ. UK						ZZZ000000
9780007196142	Shaman's Crossing	Robin Hobb		The First Book In A Brand New Trilogy From The Author Of The Farseer, Liveship Traders And Tawny Man Trilogies. Young Nevare Burvelle Is The Second Son Of A Second Son. Traditionally In Gernia, The Firstborn Son Is Heir To The Family Fortunes, The Second Son Bears A Sword And The Third Son Is Consecrated To The Priesthood. Nevare Will Follow His Father Newly Made A Lord By The King Into The Cavalry; To The Frontier And Thence To An Advantageous Marriage, To Carry On The Burvelle Name. It Is A Golden Future, And Nevare Looks Forward To It With Relish. For Twenty Years King Troven'S Cavalry Have Pushed The Frontiers Of Gernia Out Across The Grasslands, Subduing The Fierce Tribes Of The Plain On Its Way. Now They Have Driven The Frontier As Far As The Barrier Mountains, Home To The Enigmatic Speck People. The Specks A Dapple-Skinned, Forest-Dwelling Folk Retain The Last Vestiges Of Magic In A World Which Is Becoming Progressive And Technologised. The 'Civilised' Peoples Base Their Beliefs On A Rational Philosophy Founded On Scientific Principle And A Belief In The Good God, Who Displaced The Older Deities Of Their World. To Them, The Specks Are Primeval Savages, Little Better Than Beasts. Superstitions Abound; It Is Said That They Harbour Strange Diseases And Worship Trees. Sexual Congress With Them Is Regarded As Both Filthy And Foolhardy: The Speck Plague Which Has Ravaged The Frontier Has Decimated Entire Regiments. All These Beliefs Will Touch Nevare'S Training At The Academy; But His Progress There Is Not As Simple As He Would Wish. He Will Experience Prejudice From The Old Aristocracy: As The Son Of A 'New Noble' He Is Segregated Into A Patrol Comprising Other New Nobles' Sons, All Of Whom Will Encounter Injustice, Discrimination And Foul Play In That Hostile And Deeply Competitive Environment. In Addition, His World View Will Be Challenged By His Unconventional Girl-Cousin Epiny; And By The Bizarre Dreams Which Visit Him At Night. And Then, On Dark Evening, The Circus Comes To Old Thares, Bringing With It The First Specks Nevare Has Ever Seen&	2006-08-31	HarperCollins						FIC009020
9780007273072	Principles Of Dreams	Holbeche&Soozi				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007264988	Chinese Food Made Easy,100 Simple, Healthy Recipes from Easy-to-Find Ingredients	Ching-He Huang		Ching-He Huang is one of the brightest stars in modern Chinese cooking in the UK. Each week in her new BBC2 series she re-invents the nation's favourite Chinese dishes, modernising them with fresh, easy to buy ingredients, and offering simple practical tips and techniques. These are brought together in this beautiful book to accompany the series. Drawing on the experiences of top chefs, her family and friends, growers and producers and celebrity enthusiasts Ching sets out to discover the best Chinese cooking in the UK today, introducing easy-to-make Chinese food to sometimes resistant Brits, and painting a picture of modern Anglo-Chinese life in the UK as she goes. Chinese Food Made Easy begins with some of the most familiar dishes from a Chinese takeaway menu - Sweet & Sour Prawns, Chicken with Cashew Nuts, Chop Suey and Cantonese Vegetable Stir Fry, each with Ching's special and imaginative twist. Later we explore spicy Szechuan food: Noodles, Dumplings and Dim sum; Seafood; Fast Food ; Desserts and finally Celebratory Food, where Ching presents a complete banquet of dishes to celebrate the Chinese New Year. Ching's knowledge, charm and enthusiasm shine through as she shares the 'basic principles' of Chinese cooking including some of the simple techniques and tips taught by her Grandparents for tasty results. Using ingredients from high-street supermarkets and some imaginative suggestions for alternative ingredients, these classic Chinese dishes are updated, fresh and healthily prepared so that anyone can make and enjoy them.	2008-08-05	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						TRV003020
9780007232215	The Kingdom Beyond the Waves	Stephen Hunt		From the author of The Court of the Air comes a hugely engaging, Victorian-style adventure, filled with perilous quests, dastardly deeds and deadly intrigue - perfect for all fans of Philip Pullman and Susanna ClarkeProfessor Amelia Harsh is obsessed with finding the lost civilisation of Camlantis, a legendary city from pre-history that is said to have conquered hunger, war and disease  tempering the race of mans baser instincts by the creation of the perfect pacifist society. It is an obsession that is to cost her dearly. She returns home to Jackals from her latest archaeological misadventure to discover that the university council has finally stripped her of her position in retaliation for her heretical research.Without official funding, Amelia has no choice but to accept the offer of patronage from the man she blames for her fathers bankruptcy and suicide, the fiercely intelligent and incredibly wealthy Abraham Quest. He has an ancient crystal-book that suggests the Camlantean ruins are buried under one of the sea-like lakes that dot the murderous jungles of Liongeli.Amelia undertakes an expedition deep into the dark heart of the jungle, blackmailing her old friend Commodore Black into ferrying her along the huge river of the Shedarkshe on his ancient u-boat. With an untrustworthy crew of freed convicts, Quests force of female mercenaries on board and a lunatic steamman safari hunter acting as their guide, Amelias luck can hardly get any worse. But she's as yet unaware that her quest for the perfect society is about to bring her own world to the brink of destruction	2008-10-10	Harper Voyager						ZZZ000000
9780007303991	Tollins,Explosive Tales for Children	Conn Iggulden&Lizzy Duncan		It's Peter Pan with attitude as Conn Iggulden, creator of the phenomenal bestseller The Dangerous Book for Boys, introduces an explosive and magical new fictional world."Tollins are not fairies. Though they both have wings, fairies are delicate creatures and much smaller.Tollins are also a lot less fragile than fairies. In fact, the word 'fragile' can't really be used about them at all. They are about as fragile as a housebrick'"In these three tales, Conn Iggulden introduces the explosive, magical and adventurous world of the Tollins, all beautifully illustrated in full colour by Lizzy Duncan. Complete with thrilling stories of danger and derring-do, glorious drawings, maps and diagrams, this is more than a fantastic fiction debut for children ' it's also the definitive guide to these remarkable little flying creatures. Just don't ever call them fairies'	2009-10-15	HarperCollins Children's						ZZZ000000
9788172237189	187 lives,a remembrance	Express Group		Remembrance about the victims of July 11, 2006 Mumbai trains blasts by their family members and the plight of the family members.	2008	Harper Collins Publishers India a joint venture with the India Today Group, New Delhi						ZZZ000000
9780007273218	Principles Of Yoga	Isaacson&Cheryl				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007271030	Collins Complete Period House,A Step-By-Step Guide to the Repair and Maintenance of Your Valuable Home	Albert Jackson&David Day		A complete home owner's guide to the styles and features of period property, this book is ideal for examining the history and design of different architectural features, while also providing advice on restoration and repair work. Providing practical guidance on all aspects of care and repair, this is an essential book for people who want to know more about the architecture, structure, and design of their period property. This edition also includes a revised introduction focusing on the definition of various architectural periods, lavish illustrations and digrams detailing various repair projects,andnew figures for cost-effective restoration, as well as updated information on legal protection for older houses. In addition, there are new sections on pre-Georgian style, thatched roofs, and energy conservation.	2008	HarperCollins UK						ZZZ000000
9780007245680	The Jesus family tomb,the discovery that will change history forever	Simcha Jacobovici&Charles R. Pellegrino			2007-04-02	Harper Element						ZZZ000000
9780007229475	Kiss Me Annabel	Eloisa James		A Regency historical from the New York Times bestselling author Eloisa James, bound to delight Heyer fans. If you kiss a man once... When the dashing Earl of Ardmore tempts Miss Annabel Essex, the most unattainable of the four beautiful Essex sisters, with the promise of a kiss, she resists, just as she snubs his teasing offers of marriage. For what would she get if she married him? Why, nothing but a faded Scottish title and a hovel in the highlands. But by some cruel twist of fate Annabel finds herself in a carriage bound for Scotland (the place she abhors) with the penniless Ardmore - and with all the world thinking they're man and wife! To make matters worse Annabel becomes embroiled in a flirtatious game of words with the Earl - in which the prize is a kiss...and the forfeit... A moment of passionate madness with Ardmore and the choice is clear - marriage or disgrace. Yet when she arrives at the Earl's Scottish Estate - contrary to what she had been lead to believe - she finds the hovel to be a castle and her Earl far from impoverished. And she learns - in the bridal bedchamber and elsewhere - that there is more to marriage than just kissing...	2007-01-15	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007273164	Principles Of Shiatsu	Chris Jarmey				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172236953	The Finger Puppet	Anu Jayanth			2008	Harper Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007208692	Foul!,the secret world of FIFA	Andrew Jennings		Andrew Jennings, An Award-Winning Investigative Sports Reporter, Spent Four Years Delving Into The Dark Side Of 'The Beautiful Game'. The Result Is This Explosive And Damning Expos Of The Officials That Run Football'S World Governing Body, Fifa, Now Fully Updated With The Political Fallout From World Cup 2006. No Individual Has Managed To Penetrate The Sanctified Domain Of Fifa And Probed Successfully Into Its Often Criticized Yet Unproven Corruption Of The World Game. Until Now Author Andrew Jennings Argues How Fifa President Sepp Blatter And His Associates Have Misappropriated Their Position At The Head Of The World Game In Their Desire For Power, Control, And A Lucrative Pay-Off. How Did These Bizarre Characters Manage To Take Such Control? Foul! Is The Explosive Story. Jennings Has Undertaken Unprecedented Research In Asia, Africa, Europe And The Americas, Interviewing Hundreds Of Officials And Amassing An Extraordinary Library Of Damning Documents. He Tells How Blatter And His Cronies Built An Invincible Electoral Machine To Keep Him In Power Forever. He Revisits The 1970S And The Privatization Of International Sport And Its Revenues By A Close-Knit Group Of Officials And Marketing Agents Working For Their Own Self-Interest. And He Brings The Story Up To Date With New Disclosures About How Germany Won The Contest To Stage The 2006 World Cup And The Inside Story On The Dirty Battle To Host 2010.	2007	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007203659	The one minute teacher,how to teach others to teach themselves	Spencer Johnson&Constance Johnson		By best-selling co-author of The One Minute Manager and author of Who Moved My Cheese?, this book shows how to teach others to teach themselves and inspire a love of learning.Dr Spencer Johnson's pioneering work in unleashing potential through better communication is most evident from his bestselling books, among them The One Minute Manager, The One Minute Mother, Who Moved My Cheese? and The Present. Combining his insight with the skills of life-long teacher Constance Johnson, this book offers an invaluable new strategy for learning.Despite the many difficulties they face adapting to new directives, individual teachers still make huge contributions to their students' lives. In this book, Johnson and Johnson describe how the use of Goal Setting, Praising and Recovery reinforces self-esteem and creates a new kind of learning process that will last a lifetime. Practical, wise and useful in a range of everyday situations, The One Minute Teacher reveals simple, positive ways to Discover and instil the love of learning Foster success and achievement Feel more confident and happy Bring out the best in ourselves and others.	2005	HarperCollins Entertainment						ZZZ000000
9780007227389	Apocalypse 2012,An Optimist Investigation Into the End of Civilization	Lawrence E. Joseph		is the world really coming to an end in 2012? According to the Bible, i Ching and the Mayans it is. And, wouldn't you know it, there are already several rock bands, including Houston's very own Downfall 2012, getting ready to party. 'Apocalypse 2012' is cheerful sceptic Laurence E Joseph's investigation into the 2012 Doomsday phenomenon. With its mixture of hard science, investigative reportage and cast of colourful characters, 'Apocaplyse 2012' is 'Fast Food Nation' for the terminally paranoid. Journalist and science writer Laurence E. Joseph is our incisive and witty guide unravelling the religious, astrological and mystical prophecies behind the potentially earth-shattering events of 2012. And at the core of this book is Joseph's investigation into the growing number of scientific researchers trying to figure out why conditions around our planet are becoming so bizarre. His adventures include:  Hooking up with the Voluntary Human Extinction Movement whose cheerful motto 'Live Long and Die Out' is now available as a tattoo.  Meeting the scientists who are trying to figure out why the present state of the sun is so worrisome - is it just going through a phase or is something major going on?  Visiting Yellowstone National Park to see whether the seething supervolcano could soon stop civilisation dead in its tracks.  Exploring the possibility of a terrorist attack that could plunge the whole Northern Hemisphere into the equivalent of a nuclear winter. So, if 2012 really is going to be a year of unprecedented catastrophe, what can we do to increase our odds of surviving it? Should we head for the Kentucky hills or hightail it to Western Africa, where an Australian Doomesday 2012 enthusiast is already staking his claim, or perhaps we'd be better blasting off for solar systems unknown?	2007-02-19	HarperElement						ZZZ000000
9780007241750	The Perfect Storm,A True Story of Man Against the Sea	Sebastian Junger		The worst storm in history seen from the wheelhouse of a doomed fishing trawler; a mesmerisingly vivid account of a natural hell from a perspective that offers no escape. The 'perfect storm' is a once-in-a-hundred-years combination: a high pressure system from the Great Lakes, running into storm winds over an Atlantic island - Sable Island - and colliding with a weather system from the Caribbean: Hurricane Grace. This is the story of that storm, told through the accounts of individual fishing boats caught up in the maelstrom, their families waiting anxiously for news of their return, the rescue services scrambled to save them. It is the story of the old battle between the fisherman and the sea, between man and Nature, that awesome and capricious power which can transform the surface of the Atlantic into an impossible tumult of water walls and gaping voids, with the capacity to break an oil tanker in two. In spare, lyrical prose 'The Perfect Storm' describes what happened when the Andrea Gail looked into the wrathful face of the perfect storm.	2007-02-05	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007290819	China a History	John Keay				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172233860	When men and mountains meet,the explorers of the Western Himalayas, 1820-75	John Keay			2000	HarperCollins Publishers India						ZZZ000000
9780007268641	Just Between Us	Cathy Kelly		Friends like this are hard to find From the bestselling author of SOMEONE LIKE YOU and WHAT SHE WANTS an uplifiting novel about how three very different women cope with the complexities of their lives  relationships, careers, and families  to find fulfilment. Full of Cathy Kelly's trademark warmth, romance, optimism and wit. What's the secret of the fabulous Miller girls? Everyone says that they lead charmed lives: beautiful, brilliant Stella, effortlessly juggling career and single-motherhood; witty TV writer, Tara, and dreamy, artistic Holly. Perhaps it comes from their calm, elegant mother, Rose, the centre of the family and adored wife of Hugh. Now, with Hugh and Rose married for forty years, their perfect daughters and their friends in the Irish country town of Kinvarra are looking forward to a celebration. But as plans are made for the party of the decade, the secret heartaches the four women have kept hidden, even from each other, begin to emerge. Are any of them strong enough to deal with the truth about themselves and their golden lives?	2008-08-05	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						FIC000000
9780007273935	What She Wants	Cathy Kelly		The author of the bestselling Someone Like You introduces us to four new special women in a warm and funny novel about facing change in our lives Do you know what youll be doing next year? NIcole, Virginia, Hope and Sam all thought they did. Hope Parker imagined that shed be slogging out as a working mum, trying to fit it in quality time with her young children, and doing her best not to burn her husband, Matts dinner. Her sister, Sam Jones, thought shed be turning heads in her new job as a managing director of a record label, climbing to very top of the career ladder and having her photo emblazoned on the business pages as the toughest, most brilliant company boss around. Wild child Nicole Turner reckoned that shed still be going for wild party nights with the girls, maybe singing a bit of karaoke, posibly snogging a guy here or there, and trying not to get fired for using the office phone to make personal phone calls. And grandmother Virgina Connell thought shed still be happily married to her beloved Bill, teasing him for spending too much time on the golf course and not enough time walking the dog or cutting the grass. But they were all wrong. When life changes suddenly for each of these four women, thay have to look deep inside themselves to discover what they really want in order to survive the turmoil. And they discover that a sense of belonging, a loving family and good friends can make all the difference.	2008-08-05	Harper						ZZZ000000
9780007268627	Always and Forever	Cathy Kelly		The warm and engaging new novel from the bestselling author of BEST OF FRIENDS. Fairy godmothers do exist, even in the tranquil hills of Ireland' Once upon a time, in the beautiful town of Carrickwell, lived three women whose lives were mapped out: Ambitious Mel would have her career and her family; caring Daisy a child with the boyfriend who is everything to her; and hot-headed Cleo would finish her degree and step into the family hotel business. Until the landscape shifted and it all came tumbling down. But Carrickwell, nestled in the shadows of Mount Carraig, is an ancient, magical place. And when Leah, a woman with her own secret turmoil, opens the Clouds Hill spa, Mel, Daisy and Cleo are thrown together ' and find the courage to discover what really matters to them, always and forever'	2008-06-16	Harper						ZZZ000000
9780007273928	Someone Like You	Cathy Kelly		The fourth novel from the major beselling author of WOMAN TO WOMAN, SHE'S THE ONE and NEVER TOO LATE. Three very different women meet on holiday and become close friends. Each is at a different stage in life and has different ambitions. Over the next few years, as they work out their needs and desires and come to terms with their situations, their lives become inextricably entwined.	2008-08-05	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						FIC027000
9780007150700	The great mortality,an intimate history of the Black Death	John Kelly		A compelling history of the Black Death that scoured Europe in the mid-14th century killing 25 million people. It was one of the worst human disasters in history.'The bodies were sparsely covered that the dogs dragged them forth and devoured them ... And believing it to be the end of the world, no one wept for the dead, for all expected to die.' Agnolo di Turo, Siena, 1348In just over a thousand days from 1347 to 1351 the 'Black Death' travelled across medieval Europe killing thirty per cent of its population. It was a catastrophe that touched the lives of every individual on the continent. The deadly Y. Pestis virus entered Europe in October 1347 by Genoese galley at Messina, Sicily. In the spring of 1348 it was devastating the cities of central Italy, by June 1348 it had reached France and Spain, and by August England. At St Mary's, Ashwell, Hertfordshire, an anonymous hand carved the following inscription for 1349: 'Wretched, terrible, destructive year, the remnants of the people alone remain.'According to the Foster scale, a kind of Richter scale of human disaster, the plague of 1347-51 is the second worst catastrophe in recorded history. Only World War II produced more death, physical damage, and emotional suffering. Defence analysts use it as the measure of thermonuclear war - in geographical extent, abruptness and casualties.In The Great Mortality John Kelly retraces the journey of the Black Death using original source material - diary fragments, letters and manuscripts. It is the devastating portrait of a continent gripped by an epidemic, but also a very personal story, narrated by the individuals whose lives were touched by it.	2006	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007274772	When Hitler Stole Pink Rabbit	Judith Kerr		Partly autobiographical, this is first of the internationally acclaimed trilogy by Judith Kerr telling the unforgettable story of a Jewish family fleeing from Germany at the start of the Second World War Suppose your country began to change. Suppose that without your noticing, it became dangerous for some people to live in Germany any longer. Suppose you found, to your complete surprise, that your own father was one of those people. That is what happened to Anna in 1933. She was nine years old when it began, too busy with her schoolwork and toboganning to take much notice of political posters, but out of them glared the face of Adolf Hitler, the man who would soon change the whole of Europe - starting with her own small life. Anna suddenly found things moving too fast for her to understand. One day, her father was unaccountably missing. Then she herself and her brother Max were being rushed by their mother, in alarming secrecy, away from everything they knew - home and schoolmates and well-loved toys - right out of Germanya?|	2008-07-21	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007251506	Face, (the).	Dean Koontz			2001	Ranjit Behera						ZZZ000000
9780007277926	New 8 Week Cholesterol Cure The	Robert E. Kowalski				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007273157	Principles Of Reiki	Krishni Borang				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172236748	Damage	Amrita Kumar			2009	Harper Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007303939	Skulduggery Pleasant playing with fire	Derek Landy		Fantasy. Baron Vengeous er tilbage og Valkyrie Tvist og skelet-detektiven Gravflab m endnu en gang kmpe mod overmagten for at redde verden fra undergang.	2008-09-01	Harper Collins Childrens Books						ZZZ000000
9780007261468	Skulduggery Pleasant Tpb	Derek Landy				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007215171	The Capture	Kathryn Lasky		Introducing the newest heroes to children's fiction; the owls of Ga'Hoole. Meet Soren and his friends, the owls charged with keeping owldom safe. Based on Katherine Lasky's work with owls, this adventures series is bound to be a hit with kids. Join the heroic owls in the first of a series of mythic adventures.Out of the darkness a hero will rise...Soren the enthusiastic and young owl is busy learning the rituals of being a barn owl- First Meat Ceremony, how to fly and of course, about the legendary Guardians of Ga'Hoole. However, his life is quickly transformed when he abruptly falls from his parent's cosy nest to the bare and dangerous forest floor.Helpless, he is captured by evil chick snatching owls that bring him to St. Aegolius Academy for Orphaned Owls, where his identify disappears as he receives a number instead of a name.Soren quickly befriends another young owl Gylfie, with whom he works to withstand "moon blinking" (brainwashing), and instead develops plans to escape.But before long, Soren realizes that he in fact has already embarked on an extraordinary adventure with much more excitement in the future.	2006-08-07	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007215188	The Journey	Kathryn Lasky		The brave owls of Ga'Hoole are back in their second mythic adventure as they strive to preserve owldom from the evil that lurks around them. Join the owls in their quest for the Great Ga'Hoole Tree, the legendary place where ordinary owls are transformed into the heroes that guard the owl kingdom.Out of the darkness a hero will rise...It began as a dream. A quest for the Great Ga'Hoole Tree, a mythic place where each night an order of owls rises to perform noble deeds. There Soren, Gylfie, Twilight and Digger hope to find inspiration to fight the evil that dwells in the owl kingdom.The journey is long and arduous for Soren, Gylife, Twilight and Digger. When they finally arrive, they realize that the journey has barely started and that greater challenges lay ahead. If they succeed in following in the footsteps of their leaders, they will soon become true Ga'Hoolian owls- honest, brave, true and wise.	2006	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007276653	Mum'S The Word	Kate Lawson				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172234584	Ants, ghosts and whispering trees,an anthology of Oriya short stories	Paul St-Pierre&Leelawati Mohapatra&K. K. Mohapatra			2003	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780586089248	The grass is singing	Doris Lessing		Roman fra Sydafrika der dels skildrer et engelsk farmerpars gteskabelige forlis, dels giver et afslrende billede af forholdet mellem englnderne og den indfdte befolkning.	1989	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780007152810	The grandmothers	Doris May Lessing			2004	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007143009	To room nineteen	Doris May Lessing			2002-08-19	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780006550839	Mara and Dann,an adventure	Doris Lessing		Science fiction-roman, der foregr langt ude i fremtiden, hvor det 20. rhundrede er en fjern civilisation. Bogen beskriver et sskendepars overlevelsesrejse fra kontinentet Ifrik, som er plaget af trke, mod nord, hvor alt siges at vre bedre.	1999	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780006552291	Ben, in the world,the sequel to the fifth child	Doris Lessing			2001-04-02	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780006545163	In pursuit of the English	Doris Lessing			1993	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780586090015	Landlocked	Doris Lessing		Roman om Martha Quests andet gteskab i Sydafrika lige efter 2. verdenskrig.	1990	Flamingo						FIC019000
9780006547228	Sentimental Agents in the Volyen Empire	Doris Lessing		The fifth and final volume in Doris Lessing's visionary novel cycle Canopus in Argos: Archives . It is a mix of fable, futuristic fantasy and pseudo-documentary accounts of 20th-century history.	1994-05-23	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780006388890	Walking in the shade,volume two of my autobiography, 1949-1962	Doris Lessing			1998	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780007152827	The story of General Dann and Mara's daughter, Griot and the snow dog	Doris Lessing		A fascinating novel of love and ecology from one of the twentieth century's greatest writers. Doris Lessing returns to the world of visionary fiction, first visited in her Canopus in Argos quintet of novels in the 1980s, and in ~Mara and Dann', of which this is a sequel, in 1999. The earth's climate has changed " it is colder than ever before " and Dann, four in the first book, is now grown up and a general, and the man to whom everyone looks for guidance and leadership. Doris Lessing's new novel charts his adventures across the frozen wastes of the north, a journey that will eventually lead to the discovery of a secret library.	2006-06-30	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007271054	On a Wing and a Prayer,The Untold Story of the Pioneering Aviation Heroes of WWI, in Their Own Words	Joshua Levine		The Untold Story Of The Pioneering Aviation Heroes Of Ww1, In Their Own Words First-Hand Accounts Of Bravery And Adventure From The Individuals Who Embraced The Exciting And Dangerous New World Of Flying At The Start Of The First World War. Few Are Aware Of The Risks That The Pioneering Airmen Of The First World War Took. On A Wing And A Prayer Is A Narrative History That Conveys The Perils Of Those Early Days, The Thrills Of Learning To Fly, And The Horrors Of War In The Air At A Time When Pilots Carried Little Defensive Armament And No Parachutes. The Men Who Joined The Royal Flying Corps In 1914 Were The Original Heroes Of Flying, Treading Into Unknown Territory, And Paving The Way For Later Aerial Combat. They Became Icons For The Soldiers In The Trenches, And A Stark Contrast To The Hundreds On The Ground Fighting Faceless Hundreds As Men Fought Aircraft To Aircraft And Man To Man For The First Time The Air Became A Battlefield Of Its Own. In 1914 Aircraft Were A Questionable Technology, Used For Only Basic Reconnaissance. But By 1918, Hastened By The Terrible War, Aircraft Were Understood To Be The Future Of Modern Warfare. The War Changed Flying Forever. The Wright Brothers' Achievements Of A Mere 10 Years Earlier And Blriot'S Crossing Of The Channel Just A Few Years Before The War Seemed A Distant Memory As Aircraft Became Killing Machines The War Becoming The Ancestor Of The Fearsome Air Wars Of Later Years. The Stories Are Presented To The Reader In A Frank And Open Way, Revealing The Feelings Of The Men Who Defended The Trenches From Above And Witnessed The War From A Completely Different Perspective. The Adventures Of These Men Are Almost Totally Unknown, And This Book Will Tell Their Story, In Their Own Words, For The First Time. The Tale Of Men Who Rewrote The Rules Of Military Engagement And Changed The Course Of Modern History As A Result.	2008-06-05	HarperCollins UK						ZZZ000000
9780007272693	A Year To Live	Stephen Levine				Harper Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007277759	To Begin Again	Maomi Levy				Thorsons						ZZZ000000
9788172237400	Narnia Hindi Rajkumar Caspian	C.S. Lewis				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007196630	A Thousand Years of Good Prayers	Yiyun Li		Brilliant and original, 'A Thousand Years of Good Prayers' introduces a remarkable first collection of stories about China from an author set to become a major literary talent. In this extraordinary first collection, Yiyun Li brings us a modern China facing up to a complex history of repression and guilt. In 'Immortality', winner of the Paris Review prize, a young man bears a striking resemblance to the dictator, and so finds a strange kind of calling. In 'Extra', first published in the New Yorker, a Chinese woman, alone in middle age, befriends a young boy who has become an outcast in a remote country school. In their friendship, we see how love can begin to overcome the strictures that dominate their lives. In turn horrifying and breathtakingly lyrical, Yiyun Li, a new and talented young Chinese writer, confronts the silence that dominated the history of her country, and illuminates how mythology, politics, history and culture intersect with personality. She leaves us with an enduring vision of a country undergoing tremendous change.	2006	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007277773	Parkinson's Disease	Dr. Abraham N Lieberman				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007274918	How to Eat Like a Hot Chick,Lose the Guilt, Find the Fabulous	Jodi Lipper&Cerina Vincent		Sassy, irreverent and in-your-face, this is every hot chicks guide to having your cake and eating it. Learn how to eat confidently, without any apologies, and still manage to look gorgeous. Originally a self-published success, How to Eat Like a Hot Chick will make every woman feel sexy and beautiful. It offers real-life examples on how to take pleasure in food without adhering to complicated diets or self-denial. In the style of the bestseller Skinny Bitch (except who wants the stress of being a vegan?), the authors take a hilarious, glam-girl, take-no-prisoners approach to looking and feeling your best. Hot chicks dont deny themselves anything. Hot chicks dont ever apologise. Hot chicks simply enjoy their food and learn to make the right choices every day so that they remain hot. Packed full of sassy wit and goodwill to spare, the authors reveal the secrets of what hot chicks really eat. From which cocktails will keep you light on your feet well past midnight, and exactly what you should (and shouldnt) eat on a date to how to avoid pigging-out when youre down in the dumps or hungover. The authors understand that sometimes youre going to slip up  youre only human after all, but their simple rule is that if you wolf down that big piece of chocolate cake just know that youll be eating a ton of spinach for dinner. Dozens of smart ideas and healthier food options, as well as lists of foods to avoid at all costs make How to Eat Like a Hot Chick every girls best friend. Slimming down and loving yourself is easier (and more fun) than you ever thought possible. Includes:  Brilliant breakfast ideas to stop you reaching out for that bacon sandwich mid-morning and keep you looking svelte all day.  Snacking suggestions to keep those hunger pangs at bay without piling on the pounds.  How to make smart choices in restaurants so that you can indulge and still remain the hot chick that you are.  Great advice for nights out to ensure that when the partys over, youre still looking hot.	2008-05-06	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007254071	Red Fox Running	Robin Lloyd-Jones			2008-01-07	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007210275	English Age 9-10	Rachel Bridgen		Easy Learning is easy to use, easy to learn and easy to remember.Small chunks of information, learning by doing and the right facts in the right order make working at home fun and achieving success at school easy.Easy Learning English Age 9-10 gives support, practice and guidance for year-by-year school learning.- Easy to use - clear guidance for parent and child- Easy to learn - colourful and engaging activities keep motivation levels high- Easy to remember - information and activities organised in clear, memorable chunks	2006-03-01	Harper Collins Publishers						ZZZ000000
9780007277148	My Best Friend'S Life	Shari Low				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007202690	Torn Water	John Lynch		A lyrically told and exquisitely tender story of innocence and loss. 'He remembers when he was very young standing by water...How he had got there or where the pond was he couldn't remember, but he can vaguely recall a larger hand on his and being led through the high rooms of a large building, to a large garden, where bees wove dozy patterns in the air. At the bottom of this garden lay the large pond, and he remembers a face bending to meet his and whispering that he would be back in a little while. So he stood where he had been left, his small feet pointing at the stonework of the pond's rim. He remembers a wind brewing in the tops of the trees and tearing at the water of the pond for a moment, before subsiding, his face blurring into focus like a TV channel being tuned.' When James Lavery's father is blown to bits by a bomb he intended to maim and kill others with, the boy keeps him alive in his imagination as a superhero, escaping the daily grind of school, his mother's drinking and his own acute loneliness by inventing extraordinary adventures for them both. But, gradually, through the agonies of adolescence James begins to understand the real cost of his father's weak and deluded heroism. It is only when he falls in love himself, during a summer away from his tortured home life, that James finally begins to understand the true complexities of love, life and death...	2007-01-02	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007252916	The golden gate	Alistair Maclean		A Tense And Nerve-Shattering Classic From The Highly Acclaimed Masster Of Action And Suspense. A Rolling For Knox Is How The Journalists Describe The Presidential Motorcade As It Enters San Francisco Across The Golden Gate. Even The Ever-Watchful Fbi Believes It Is Impregnable As It Has To Be With The President And Two Arab Potentates Aboard. But Halfway Across The Bridge The Unthinkable Happens. Before The Eyes Of The World A Master Criminal Pulls Off The Most Spectacular Kidnapping In Modern Times&	1976	Heron Books						ZZZ000000
9788172236182	Where eagles dare	Alistair MacLean			1990	Arif						ZZZ000000
9780007183647	More than a game,the story of cricket's early years	John Major		The former Prime Minister examines the early history of one of the great loves of his life in a book that sheds new light on the summer game's social origins.In this work, the authorexamines the game from its origins up to the coming of the First World War. Along the way he considers the crucial role of the wealthy patrons who gambled huge sums on early matches; the truth behind the legends that have grown up around the famous Hambledon Club; changes in rules and techniquesincluding the transition from underarm to overarm bowlingthe long standing but often blurred distinction between 'gentlemen' and 'players;' the coming of the MCC and its role as the supreme arbiter of the game; the spread of cricket throughout the British Empire; and the emergence of the county game and international competition.	2007	HarperPress						ZZZ000000
9788172237059	Corridors Of Uncertainty	Boria Majumdar		The 2007 World Cup Changed The Terms Of The Debate Around Cricket. For India, The Tournament Turned Out To Be A National Tragedy; For The First Time In Years There Was A Palpable Weakening Of The Foundations Of The Country'S Universal Obsession. For The Hosts, West Indies, It Almost Put An End To The Dream Of Creating A Unified Political, Social And Economic Entity. For Australia, The World Cup Triumph Was Accompanied By A Sense Of Dj Vu Which Was Evident In The Muted Celebrations. In The Final Analysis, For Reasons Of Money, The Ninth Edition Of The Cup Was Bloated To Accommodate Sixteen Teams For Over A Month And A Half. Yet The Tournament Had No Distinctive Quality And No Particular Innovation, Its Format Was Dull And Its Title Rendered Meaningless In The Process. What It Did Generate Was Heated Discussions About The Market, About The Nature Of Profits, And About Sportsmanship Or The Increasing Lack Of It. In This Book, Cricket Historian Boria Majumdar Analyses The Many Events And Aspects Of The World Cup, From The Shocking Death Of Bob Woolmer To The Dwindling Television Revenues In India. He Examines The Controversial Legacy Of The Tournament And The Importance Of Cricket, If Any, In The Shaping Of Contemporary Societies.	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007231737	Londonstani	Gautam Malkani		Malkanis extraordinary debut novel portrays the lives of young Muslim, Sikh, and Hindu men in the ethnically challenged enclave of one of the biggest cities in the West--London.	2006-05-02	Fourth Estate						ZZZ000000
9788172237011	Kidnapping Of Amir Hamza The	Mamta Dalal/mangaldas				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007203505	Collins Dictionary for Writers and Editors	Martin H. Manser		The only reference you will need for writing, editing and proofreading. Well-known or well known? Affect or effect? Majorca or Mallorca? Royal Family or royal family? Spell check cannot be relied upon to help you with the trickest aspects of the English language. Even the most sophisticated writers of English will be faced with these and many similar problems in the quest for clear, elegant and correct writing. The Collins Dictionary for Writers and Editors answers these and thousands of other usage conundrums with a comprehensive collection of entries designed to sweep the minefield of the English language. So whether you're a writer, proof reader or editor, for books, periodicals or websites, the Collins Dictionary for Writers and Editors will be your essential reference. With accessible information covering everything from style and Americanization (or Americanisation), to proofreading marks and transliterations, this is the only reference you will need. Also includes  abbreviations and acronyms  misspellings  compound words  plurals  capitalization  apostrophes  titles	2006	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007267170	Ink Exchange	Melissa Marr			2009-04-02	HarperCollins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007312559	The Gaudi Key	Esteban Martin & Andreu		Barcelona, City Of Mystery, And Antonio Gaudi, Its Most Famous Exponent Are The Subjects Of This Gripping New Thriller For All Lovers Of Religious Conspiracy. As The Grand Master Of An Ancient Religious Brotherhood Nears Death, He Chooses To Entrust To Antonio Gaudi A Sacred Object Whose Existence Has Been A Guarded Secret Since The Early Christian Era. The Great Architect Protects The Artefact By Hiding It Where He Believes It Might Never Be Discovered& A New Century, And A New Danger. The Granddaughter Of Gaudi'S Apprentice Is Now Charged With Finding The Holy Object. With The Help Of Miguel, Her Mathematician Boyfriend, Maria Unravels The Clues Gaud Placed In His Work. The Prize, She Believes, Is The Whereabouts Of A Sacred Relic. But As Mutilated Bodies And Sinister Enemies Follow In Their Wake, Both Realize That What'S At Stake Is Of Far Greater Importance& And Their Survivial Is The Key.		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007260225	Hunter's Run	George R. R. Martin&Gardner Dozois&Daniel Abraham		A powerful tale of betrayal, trickery and sheer human grit from a dream-team of authors In a fight outside a bar Ramon Espejo kills a man. Next day, all hell breaks loose. The dead man was a big shot, a diplomat on a mission to the out-world of So Paulo. Ramon goes on the run, heading north toward unexplored territory, land so far only glimpsed from orbit during the first colony surveys. Ramon has gone from being nothing in the hills of Mexico to being nothing on So Paulo. He makes a bare living prospecting for minerals. Maybe God meant him to be poor, or he wouldn't have made him so mean. He can't even remember why he killed the European, only the drinking, and the rage that followed. Better to be alone in the wild landscape  off the map, beyond law and civilization. Each trip out he's sure will be the big one that'll make him rich. This one, too. Instead he finds something else, something terrifying. Or rather, it finds him, and uses him: as humans are used by species more intelligent than themselves. But Ramon Espejo is about to prove what a man is capable of. Ramon is about to demonstrate what it is to be human; to be angry, intelligent and alive. And he is about to discover his function in the broad flow of the universe. And why it was he killed the diplomat in the first place...	2008-06-02	VOYAGER PRESS						FIC028000
9780007144549	The love factor	Rosalind Noonan		Hvordan finder de 14-rige tvillinger Chloe og Riley Carlson ud af, om den lkre fyr de mder er den rette for dem.	2003	HarperCollinsEntertainment						ZZZ000000
9780007144662	It's snow problem	Nancy Butcher&Ashley Olsen&Mary-Kate Olsen		Mary-Kate er blevet provokeret til at stille op i alle discipliner ved skolens Vinterlege. Hun trner hrdt, men pludselig er hendes deltagelse truet. Kan Ashley mon hjlpe sin sster?.	2003-03-03	HarperCollinsEntertainment						ZZZ000000
9780007206216	Suddenly Sisters	Mary-Kate Olsen&Ashley&Ashley Olsen		In this Sweet Sixteen story Mary'" Kate and Ashley are put to the test when they swap places with their best friends. The number 1 brand for tweenage girls, Mary'" Kate and Ashley are once again entertaining girls in their latest Sweet Sixteen series. But can the girls deal with the changes and without each other?What would happen if your best friend became your sister? Mary-Kate and Ashley are about to find out when their friends, Brittany and Melanie challenge the sisters to spend a week in their shoes. Babies are cute, but can Mary-Kate handle the responsibilities of having a little brother, dirty diapers and all?Ashley is thrilled to hang out with Melanie's supercool fashion-designer dad, but she's about to find out just how strange daily life without her sister can be.	2006	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007180967	Sweet Sixteen - Getting There	Mary-Kate Olsen&Ashley Olsen		Mary-Kate and Ashley go to a music festival, and are discovered by a video director looking for real-life 16-year-old twins. Next thing they know, theyre making a movie in this great Sweet Sixteen story.	2005	Zondervan						ZZZ000000
9780007181100	Truth Or Dare	Mary Kate/ashley&Mary-Kate Olsen&Ashley Olsen		Mary- Kate and Ashley have an incredible school project- they're going to college! The number 1 brand for tweenage girls, Mary-Kate and Ashley are once again entertaining girls in their latest Sweet Sixteen series. Find out if they can make the grade!Join Mary- Kate and Ashley as they settle into college life. But will college be a breeze, or will making the grade be harder than they realize. Find out in this cool Sweet Sixteen novel!	2006-07-01	HarperCollins Publishers						ZZZ000000
9780007144778	One twin too many	Megan Stine&Ashley Olsen			2002-01-01	HarperCollinsEntertainment						ZZZ000000
9780007180912	Camp rock'n roll	Ashley Olsen		Part one of a two-book diary series featuring Mary-Kate and Ashley as you've never seen them before. School's out for summer and they're off to a music camp. Remember Pop Idol? Well, this time, it's Mary-Kate and Ashley's turn!	2005	HarperCollinsEntertainment						ZZZ000000
9780007144730	Let's party!	Mary-Kate Olsen&Ashley Olsen		Ashley har fet en god ide, hun vil lave en fest for sin bedste ven Jennifer, "a surprice party". Men hendes sster Mary-Kate har ogs arrangeret en fest for sin bedste ven Amanda den samme aften. Men den strste overraskelse, er den deres far har til pigerne.	2002	HarperCollinsEntertainment						ZZZ000000
9780007234585	Mary-Kate and Ashley Style Secrets	Mary-Kate Olsen&Ashley Olsen		Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen are two of the coolest style icons on the planet " and in this gorgeous full colour paperback book they share all their secrets! This fantastic book on what to wear is a must for any girl with an interest in fashion and all Mary-Kate and Ashley fans.Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen share their style secrets in this beautiful full-colour fashion bible.The book covers everything from your capsule wardrobe, casual wear, going glam, doing denim, accessorising right and how to work out what really works for you.Full of gorgeous images of the megastar twins in some stunning outfits and cool photography throughout, this is a real bible for anyone, from the tween just starting to think about her own style to the dedicated follower of fashion.Style Secrets is the perfect present for any Mary-Kate and Ashley fan or fashion fanatic.	2006-07-03	HarperCollins Publishers						ZZZ000000
9780007144501	Just between us	Mary-Kate Olsen		De 14-rige tvillinger Chloe og Riley Carlson's hverdag - posere til familiebilledet, holde p en hemmelighed over for forldrene, altid at flge Manuelo's rd, og hindre at nogen hugger kresten.	2002	HarperCollinsEntertainment						ZZZ000000
9780007144556	A girl's guide to guys	Mary-Kate Olsen		Ashley er alene p White Oak pigeskole, fordi Mary-Kate er taget hjem til sit softball-hold. Deres ftter Jeremy har gjort noget forfrdeligt og nu har Ashley brug for hjlp.	2003	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007183180	There's Something about Roxy	Mary-Kate Olsen&Ashley Olsen		One Of Three New Mary-Kate And Ashley Novels To Tie In With The 30 July 04 Movie New York Minute . Features The Girls As Jane And Roxy Ryan, Characters From The Movie. Exclusive Colour Photos Showing Behind-The-Scenes Shots From The Movie. New, Original, Standalone Title, Complemented By The Secret Of Jane S Success And New York Minute .Find Out What Happened To Jane And Roxy Before They Had Their New York Minute!There S Just Something About Roxy& Something Cool Snags Her A Hot Job On A Music Video. Something Wild Lands Her On An Exciting Road Trip. Something Mischievous Pulls Her Sister, Jane, Into Trouble. And Something Sweet Finds Her The Romance Of Her Life!	2004-08-02	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007144495	Too good to be true	Nancy Butcher&Marcy Vosburgh		De 14-rige tvillinger Chloe og Riley Carlson's hverdag: f god karakter i syning, g ud med jordens dejligste fyr, bag brownies uden at starte et bl, og vr sd overfor krestens ex-kreste.	2002	HarperCollinsEntertainment						ZZZ000000
9780007204809	So Little Time - Surf Holiday	Mary-Kate And Ashley&Mary-Kate Olsen		Style queens Mary-Kate and Ashley feature as fourteen-year-old twins Chloe and Riley Carlson in this great series. They live by Malibu Beach with stressed-out fashion designer mom and housekeeper Manuelo, while dad has moved out to 'find himself' in a trailer. And there's never a dull moment - so much to do, so little time!This year Riley and Chloe are spending Christmas with Dad in his trailer on the beach. That means no snow, no Yule log, and no ski trip with Mom, whomust go away to help her ailing aunt.That's when Chloe and Riley decide on the best Christmas present of all. They're going to get their parents back together for good, no matter what it takes!	2005	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007181070	Love and Kisses	Mary-Kate Olsen&Ashley Olsen		Internships, Valentine's Day and relationships all cause trouble for Mary-Kate and Ashley in this new Sweet Sixteen title!Mary-Kate has landed an amazing internship at Girlz magazine and she has even got the chance to write an article to be published - first she has to find the perfect couple to interview, but that's easy, her sister Ashley and her boyfriend, Aaron are THE perfect couple.Somehow things don't go exactly to plan and Mary-Kate has to get her perfect couple back together, not an easy task when they aren't even talking!	2006	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007183197	New York Minute	Mary-Kate Olsen&Ashley Olsen			2004-08-02	HarperCollins Publishers Australia						ZZZ000000
9780007200375	Stuart,a life backwards	Alexander Masters		A major new launch for the paperback edition of the most original, capitvating and award-winning memoir of the year.Stuart, A Life Backwards, is the story of a remarkable friendship between a reclusive writer and illustrator ('a middle class scum ponce, if you want to be honest about it, Alexander) and a chaotic, knife-wielding beggar whom he gets to know during a campaign to release two charity workers from prison.Interwoven into this is Stuart's confession: the story of his life, told backwards. With humour, compassion (and exasperation) Masters slowly works back through post-office heists, prison riots and the exact day Stuart discovered violence, to unfold the reasons why he changed from a happy-go-lucky little boy into a polydrug-addicted-alcoholic Jekyll and Hyde personality, with a fondness for what he called 'little strips of silver' (knives to you and me).Funny, despairing, brilliantly written and full of surprises: this is the most original and moving biography of recent years.	2006	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007242351	Downloading	David McCandless		 A clear and comprehensive introductory guide  Concentrates on downloading music, but also covers photos, video, ring tones etc.  Easy to follow step by step guides to the common downloading problems Downloading was once the future of entertainment, now it is the present. Collins Need to Know? Downloading is a clear and comprehensive guide to the way the world now buys and listens to music. It is also an indispensable guide to downloading and accessing all other forms of media. In the near future we will all need to know how to download, and this book provides all the essential information needed to begin. The book begins with an introduction to the world of downloading, not just music but also ringtones for your mobile phone, data at work, software, books and the increasingly common movie downloading. As music is currently the most popular media to be downloaded, it is of course covered in detail in the Collins Need to Know? Downloading. It includes choosing and shopping at various legal music download sites as well as choosing and using MP3 players to suit every need However, since we now download via our computers, mobile and land telephones and televisions as well as through dedicated devices such as MP3 players or PDAs, the Need to Know? Downloading covers every form of electronic accessing media. There are details of different media players, useful short cuts and web sites to aid you in your downloading and numerous expert directions for each dedicated form of download. Using clear pictorial examples and instructions Collins Need to Know? Downloading explains how to search for and download songs from online music stores, understand legal issues, connect and share your player, organize your tunes, play music, synchronize the player, copy files and preview music tracks. It goes on to look at advance uses of players covering areas such as data storage and how to podcast. A comprehensive list of useful download sites and resources is included along with a full and clear glossary explaining the terms that we will need to understand if we are to enjoy the future of entertainment.	2007-01-03	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007142910	Dead Beat	Val McDermid		Dead Beat introduces private detective Kate Brannigan. As a favour, Kate agrees to track down a missing songwriter, Moira Pollock. It is a search that takes her into some of the seediest parts of Leeds and Bradford; but little does she realize that finding Moira is a prelude to murder.	2002	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007212729	Rapscallion	James McGee		Matthew Hawkwood, ex-soldier turned Bow Street Runner, goes undercover to hunt down smugglers and traitors at the height of the Napoleonic Wars in this thrilling follow-up to a??Ratcatchera??. For a French prisoner of war, there is only one fate worse than the gallows: the hulks. Former man-o'-wars, now converted to prison ships, their fearsome reputation guarantees a sentence served in the most dreadful conditions. Few survive. Escape, it's said, is impossible. Yet reports persist of a sinister smuggling operation within this brutal world a?? and the Royal Navy is worried enough to send two of its officers to investigate. But when they disappear without trace, the Navy turns in desperation to Bow Street for help. It's time to send in a man as dangerous as the prey. It's time to send in Hawkwooda?|	2008-07-07	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007275861	1434,The Year a Chinese Fleet Sailed to Italy and Ignited the Renaissance	Gavin Menzies		In His Bestselling Book 1421:The Year China Discovered The World, Gavin Menzies Revealed That It Was The Chinese That Discovered America, Not Columbus. Now He Presents Further Astonishing Evidence That It Was Also Chinese Advances In Science, Art, And Technology That Formed The Basis Of The European Renaissance And Our Modern World. In His Bestselling Book 1421: The Year China Discovered The World, Gavin Menzies Presented Controversial And Compelling Evidence That Chinese Fleets Beat Columbus, Cook And Magellan To The New World. But His Research Has Led Him To Astonishing New Discoveries That Chinese Influence On Western Culture Didn'T Stop There. Until Now, Scholars Have Considered That The Italian Renaissance - The Basis Of Our Modern Western World - Came About As A Result Of A Re-Examining The Ideas Of Classical Greece And Rome. However, A Stunning Reappraisal Of History Is About To Be Published. Gavin Menzies Makes The Startling Argument That A Sophisticated Chinese Delegation Visited Italy In 1434, Sparked The Renaissance, And Forever Changed The Course Of Western Civilization. After That Date The Authority Of Aristotle And Ptolemy Was Overturned And Artistic Conventions Challenged, As Was Arabic Astronomy And Cartography. Florence And Venice Of The 15Th Century Attracted Traders From Across The World. Menzies Presents Astonishing Evidence That A Large Chinese Fleet, Official Ambassadors Of The Emperor, Arrived In Tuscany In 1434 Where They Met With Pope Eugenius Iv In Florence. A Mass Of Information Was Offered By The Chinese Delegation To The Pope And His Entourage - Concerning World Maps (Which Menzies Argues Were Later Given To Columbus), Astronomy, Mathematics, Art, Printing, Architecture, Steel Manufacture, Civil Engineering, Military Machines, Surveying, Cartography, Genetics, And More. It Was This Gift Of Knowledge That Sparked The Inventiveness Of The Renaissance - Da Vinci'S Inventions, The Copernican Revolution, Galileo, Etc. Following 1434, Europeans Embraced Chinese Intellectual Ideas, Discoveries, And Inventions, Which Formed The Basis Of European Civilization Just As Much As Greek Thought And Roman Law. In Short, China Provided The Spark That Set The Renaissance Ablaze.	2008-01-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007247134	Crow Stone	Jenni Mills		A compulsively readable thriller that skillfully weaves together past and present to uncover the sinister secrets buried in the ancient stone quarries under Bath.Kit Parry is reluctant to take the job shoring up the ancient quarries beneath her hometown of Bath _ a place as riddled with memories she_d rather forget as it is with Roman ruins. The miners certainly don_t want her there, and her burgeoning romance with lanky foreman Gary looks likely to complicate matters even further.But when dark developments threaten the spa town_s placid faade, Kit must face up to the past she_s tried so desperately to bury. Someone wants her out of Bath _ that much is clear _ but who was it that brought her childhood to an abrupt end in the summer of her fourteenth year? Why has she never been back to Bath, and how did she escape her violent father? When Kit stumbles across evidence of a lost Mithraic temple, the mysteries in her own past become entangled with a search for what could be the archaeological discovery of the decade _ and what turns into a dangerous obsession_	2008-06-02	Harper Perennial						FIC031000
9780007161911	The Savage Garden	Mark Mills		A beautiful Tuscan villa, a mysterious garden, two hidden murders ' one from the 16th century, one from the twentieth ' and a family riven by dark secrets combine in this evocative, intriguing mystery set in post-War Italy. In 1958, Adam Strickland, a young Cambridge scholar, travels to the Villa Docci in Tuscany to study a sixteenth-century garden. Designed and laid out by a grieving husband to the memory of his dead wife, it is a mysterious world of statues, grottoes, meandering rills and classical inscriptions. But tragedy has hit the Docci family more recently. The German occupation during World War 2 had a devastating impact on them, and the tensions between collaborators and partisans were played out within their own tight circle. Adam is fascinated by the Doccis and increasingly aware that there are dangerous secrets hidden within the family domain.The garden itself starts to exercise a powerful influence over his imagination, its iconography seeming to point to some deeper, darker truth than was first apparent. And what really lay behind a killing at the villa towards the end of the war? Past and present, love and intrigue, intertwine in an evocative mystery which vividly captures the experience of an innocent abroad in the uncertain world of post-War Italy.	2007-02-05	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007244416	Tec and the cake	Tony Mitton		Collins Big Cat Read at Home is a series of stories by top children's authors and illustrators that children will love to read. Built-in progression within and between each level help you choose the right story to develop your child's confidence as they becomesindependent readers. Extra activities will motivate and entertain your child. In the story Tec and the Cake, Tec the detective follows vital clues to find the culprit who ate the cake! ? Read the story Tec and the Cake ? Re-tell the story using mini picture prompts ? Complete a variety of interesting activities ? Make a fun theme-based project ? Get helpful tips on reading together The First steps level offers beginner readers very simple stories with repeated phrases that are clearly supported by illustrations. There are four fun books at this level.	2007-01-04	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007235018	In Search of Robert Millar,Unravelling the Mystery Surrounding Britain's Most Successful Tour De France Cyclist	Richard Moore		The compelling story of Britain's best-ever cyclist, this book looks to unravel the puzzle surrounding his sudden and dramatic disappearance. Cyclist Robert Millar came from one of Europe's most industrialized cities, Glasgow, to excel in the most unlikely terrainover the high mountain passes of the Pyrenees and the Alps. He was crowned King of the Mountains during the 1984 Tour de France and remains the only ever Briton to finish on the podium of the world's toughest race. Through interviews with Millar's friends, acquaintances, cycling colleagues and ex-classmates, the author seeks to unravel the mystery of this maverick Scotsman, arguably one of the greatest enigmas in a sport full of remarkable characters.	2007-06-14	HarperCollins UK						ZZZ000000
9788172237950	The Hundred-Foot Journey	Richard C.Morais		A Fun, Witty And Informative Guide Containing 92 Little Tricks For Big Success In Personal Relationships And Business. There Are Two Kinds Of People In Life. Those Who Walk Into A Room And Say: 'Well, Here I Am!'. And Those Who Walk In And Say: 'Ahhh, There You Are'. In This Book, Leil Lowndes Writes With Wit, Irreverence About Relationships, Body Language And How We Relate To Each Other. It Contains Extremely Usable And Intelligent Strategies For Love And Business Which Include: Charming Body Language And Gestures The Exclusive Smile, Eyes Glued To The Other Person, 'Come Hither' Hands With Palms Open Etc. How To Work The Party Including Making An Entrance, Be The Chooser A Middle-Aged Chef, Hassan Haji, Recounts His Life'S Journey, From Hisfamily'S Modest Restaurant In Mumbai To His Elegant Restaurant Inparis Where He Has Conquered The Insular World Of French Hautecuisine. A Tragedy At Home In Mumbai Pushes Hassan'S Boisterous Family Into A Picaresque Journey Across Europe, Where They Ultimately Se Ttle Opposite A Famous Chef, Madam Mallory, In The Remote French Village Of Lumire. After A Series Of Hilarious Cultural Mishaps, The Grand French Chef Discovers, Much To Her Horror, That The Young Boy Cooking In The Cheap Indian Restaurant Across The Way Is A Chef With Natural Talents Far Superior To Her Own. A Culinary War Ensues, Full Of Plot Twists, Pitting Hassan'S Mumbai-Toughened Father Against The Imperious Madam Mallory, A Battle Royale That Finally Reveals To Young Hassan His True Destiny In Life. Full Of Eccentric Characters, Vivid Settings, And Delicious Meals, Hassan'S Charming Tale Lays Bare The Inner Workings Of The Elite World Of French Haute Cuisine. In The Process, However, Hassan Also Discovers A Truism That Bedevils Any Man Who Has Gone Out Into The World To Make His Mark: The True Costs Of Rising To The Top Are Only Revealed Later In Life. Not The Choosee, And Mingling Not Munching (For All Those Who Head Straight For The Food Table!).		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007277544	Blood Pressure	Kalra Morales				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007277629	Q & A Series : Heart Disease	Karla Morales				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007263462	The Voices of Children	Michael Morpurgo		What would it have been like to grow up in the Medieval world, or during the English Civil War? Or, perhaps, during the Victorian era or World War II? The experience of childhood is one that has altered beyond recognition over the centuries as children's roles in the world have shifted with the times. First heard on Radio 4, The Voices of Children is Michael Morpurgo's thought-provoking new play illuminating the ways in which the concept of childhood has changed over the past 1000 years. As the author says of writing the play: 'a?|I found myself on a journey of discovery as intense as childhood itself. Here was an aspect of childhood I had known very little about, the history of it, the invention of it. It is a story I have found often disturbing, and always enlightening. And it's a universal story, for each of us in their own way has lived and invented their own childhood. Childhoods I have discovered, may have changed, been reinvented through the ages, but children have not'.	2008-01-07	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						JNF017000
9780006646273	Wombat Goes Walkabout	Michael Morpurgo&Christian Birmingham			2000-08-07	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007275137	Alien Invasion	Michael Morpurgo&Shoo Rayner		A charming series of adventures for younger readers, featuring a family of all sorts of animals that live in the farmyard behind the tumble-down barn on Mudpuddle Farm Two fantastic stories in one volume! Martians at Mudpuddle Farm: Have Martians landed on Mudpuddle Farm? Farmer Rafferty seems to think so. Now its up to Albertine, Goose Queen, to work it out. Luckily shes the cleverest goose in the whole world, so if anyone knows what to do, she will Mums the Word: Something strange is going on at Mudpuddle Farm. Egbert the goat is not himself at all. Instead of grumbling, hes singing and dancing! And hes even greedier than usual	2008-08-19	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007277858	Gentle First Years	Dr. Gowri Motha&Karen Swan MacLeod			2008	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007248360	Shrek The Thied : Movie Storybook	Movie-Tie-In		Join Shrek, Fiona, Puss and Donkey on another whirlwind adventure in Far Far Away in this movie tie-in story and activity book. Shrek, Donkey and Puss are leaving Far Far Away on a quest to find Fiona's cousin, Artie, but does Artie want to be found? And once Shrek returns, he has another change to adjust to - he's going to be a daddy! Follow the friends on an adventure that will change their lives forever. This fun book is chock full of story fun, colouring in, games, puzzles and adventures with Shrek and the gang.	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007269297	Kung Fu Panda I Can Read Meet Mastres Pb	No Author&Charles Grosvenor		Kung Fu Panda is one of the most anticpated films of 2008. With Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman and Angelina Jolie on board, it is set to be a global blockbuster! Now you can read an action packed story all by yourself with this I Can Read story book, perfect for younger readers. This specially developed book encourges new readers to learn new concepts and develop their literacy skills with their favourite Kung Fu Panda characters! Filled with images to keep little readers entertained.	2008	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007269280	Kung Fu Panda I Can Read Po Crash Course	No Author&Charles Grosvenor&Lydia Halverson		Kung Fu Panda is one of the most anticpated films of 2008. With Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman and Angelina Jolie on board, it is set to be a global blockbuster! Now you can read an action packed story all by yourself with this I Can Read story book, perfect for younger readers. This specially developed book encourges new readers to learn new concepts and develop their literacy skills with their favourite Kung Fu Panda characters! Filled with images to keep little readers entertained.	2008	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007269266	Kung Fu Panda The Junior Novel	Susan (ADP) Horman&No Author		Po Is A Lazy Panda Who Must Somehow Become A Kung Fu Master In Order To Save The Valley Of Peace From A Villainous Snow Leopard, Tai Lung. Set In The Legendary World Of Ancient China, This Is The Story Of Po, Our Unlikely Hero, Who Enters The Rigid World Of Kung Fu And Turns It Upside Down! A Fun, Fast-Paced Novel With Photos From The Hit New Movie - Perfect For All Kung Pu Panda Fans!	2008-06-02	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007300235	Monsters Vs Aliens I Can Read 2	Movie-Tie-In			2009-03-02	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007301102	Marley And Me Meet Marley I Can Read 1	HarperCollins Publishers Limited&Movie-Tie-In			2008	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007300532	Marley To The Rescue I Can Read 1	HarperCollins Publishers Limited&Movie-Tie-In			2008	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007277636	Q & A Series : Vitamins And Minerals	Ellen Moyer				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007277551	Q & A Series : Cholesterol	Ellen Moyer				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007178483	Reading Lolita in Tehran,a memoir in books	Azar Nafisi		Every Thursday morning for two years in the Islamic Republic of Iran, a bold and inspired teacher named Azar Nafisi secretly gathered seven of her most committed female students to read forbidden Western classics. As Islamic morality squads staged arbitrary raids in Tehran, fundamentalists seized hold of the universities, and a blind censor stifled artistic expression, the girls in Azar Nafisis living room risked removing their veils and immersed themselves in the worlds of Jane Austen, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Henry James, and Vladimir Nabokov. In this extraordinary memoir, their stories become intertwined with the ones they are reading. Reading Lolita in Tehran is a remarkable exploration of resilience in the face of tyranny and a celebration of the liberating power of literature.	2004-02-02	Fourth Estate						ZZZ000000
9788172236335	God'S Little Soldier	Kiran Nagarkar				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007261154	An Angel Held My Hand	Jacky Newcomb		From the bestselling author of An Angel Saved My Life and An Angel By my Side comes a new collection of moving real-life stories from the Afterlife that will make you laugh and cry. Inspiring. Amazing. True. Bestselling afterlife expert, Jacky Newcomb, is back with more moving and inspiring real-life dramas about people who have had a??a little helpa?? from the other side when they most needed it. Stories include: a?? The baffling a??shoutinga?? angels who saved Granddad from falling down a mine a?? The angels who mysteriously guided the young girl safely through the fog a?? The angel who wakes a mother to warn her of the housea??s carbon monoxide danger a?? The a??premonitiona?? which saves a young girl and her grandmother from being shot on a bus a?? The man who was frozen to the spot so he can be saved from a falling tree a?? The child who writes a Christmas card for the a??ghost teachera?? These are just some of the miraculous accounts in this beautiful new collection from one of the UKa??s leading angel experts.	2007-11-05	HarperElement						ZZZ000000
9780007175079	Sir Thursday	Garth Nix		Get Ready For More Brilliant Page-Turning Fantasy From Master, Garth Nix. On The Fourth Day There Was War! Pick Up With Arthur Penhaligon As His Keys To The Kingdom Adventures Continue In The Mysterious House. Following Their Adventures In The Border Sea, Arthur And Leaf Head For Home. But Only Leaf Gets Through The Front Door. Arthur Is Blocked Because Someone Or Something Has Assumed His Identity And Is Taking Over His Life. Before Arthur Can Take Action, He Is Drafted By Sir Thursday And Forced To Join The Glorious Army Of The Architect. The Army Has Its Headquarters In The Great Maze, A Defensive Area Of The House. Half Of The Maze Has Already Been Dissolved By Nothing, And Hordes Of Nithlings Emerge Regularly To Attack The Rest. If The Nithling Invasion Can Overcome The Army And The Great Maze, The House Will Be Lost And The Whole Universe With It. While Leaf Tries To Banish Arthur'S Doppelgnger On Earth, Arthur Must Survive His Basic Training, Avoid Getting Posted To The Front And Work Out How He Can Free Part Four Of The Will And Gain The Fourth Key From Sir Thursday. If The Latest, Strongest And Most Dangerous Nithling Offensive Doesn'T Break Through First&	2006	HarperCollins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007175116	Superior Saturday	Garth Nix		Garth Nix is back with the sixth explosive title in his gripping fantasy series, The Keys to the Kingdom.On the Sixth Day, there was SorceryArthur Penhaligon has wrested five of the Keys from their immortal guardians, the Trustees of the Will. But gaining the Sixth Key poses a greater challenge than any he has ever faced before. Superior Saturday is not just one of the Trustees, she is also the oldest Denizen and the most powerful and knowledgeable sorcerer within the House. She has tens of thousands of sorcerers at her command _ and she has been preparing her forces all along for the Will_s escape and the activities of the Rightful Heir. Everything is all just part of a greater plan she has been hatching for ten thousand years.As Saturday_s schemes become evident, Arthur is beset on all sides. Nothing is eroding the House, and only the power of the Keys can hold back the tide of destruction. His mother is still missing. His home city is under attack. His allies are unreliable. He can_t even get into the apparently impregnable Upper House and even if he does, finding the Sixth Part of the Will and gaining the Sixth Key might not be enough to counter Saturday_s sorcerous hordes or stop her bid for ultimate power.	2008-05-05	HarperCollins Children's						ZZZ000000
9780007137350	Abhorsen	Garth Nix			2005-01-03	HarperCollins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007258468	The Gravedigger's Daughter	Joyce Carol Oates		From The Author Of 'Blonde', 'The Falls' And 'We Were The Mulvaneys', This New Novel Takes In The Themes Of Race, Immigration, Family And Social Mobility, And Is Joyce Carol Oates At Her Storytelling Best. 'The Gravedigger'S Daughter' Tells The Tale Of Rebecca Schwart, Born In The Late 1930S To An Immigrant Family From Nazi Germany, Just As They Are Arriving To America. The Family Settles In A Small, Bleak Town In Upstate New York, Where The Only Job The Father Can Get Is As The Town Gravedigger And Caretaker Of The Cemetery. Soon The Town'S Prejudice And The Family'S Own Emotional Frailty Results In Unspeakable Tragedy. In The Wake Of This Loss, And In An Attempt To Put Her Past Behind Her, Young Rebecca Schwart Moves On, Across America And Through A Series Of Listless Marriages, In Search Of Somewhere, And Someone, To Whom She Can Belong.	2008	Harper Perennial						FIC025000
9780007247189	Best of Myles	Flann O'Brien		Under the pseudonym Myles na Gopaleen, Flann O' Brien wrote a daily column in the 'irish Times' called 'Cruiskeen Lawn' for over twenty years which hilariously satirised the absurdities and solemnities of Dublin life. With shameless irony and relentless high spirits Myles' 'Cruiskeen Lawn' became the most feared, respected and uproarious newspaper column in the whole of ireland from its first appearance in 1940 until his death in 1966. This wonderful selection from the 'Cruiskeen Lawn' columns is a modern classic that will appeal to lovers of absurdity and sharp comic observation everywhere.	2007-04-19	HarperPerennial						ZZZ000000
9780007247066	Collins Springwatch And Autumnwatch	Bill Oddie&Kate Humble&Simon King		The perfect wildlife companion - everything you need to know about the countryside and the award-winning BBC TV show BBC TV's Springwatch is one of the most watched programmes on BBC2. Springwatch by Bill Oddie, Kate Humble and Simon King brings together the three presenters who take you behind the scenes of Springwatch: introducing you to the real stars of their TV show - the wildlife you can find in Britain. Bill, Kate and Simon take you on your own personal tour of the British Countryside and introduce the places and animals that have made the series such a fascinating introduction to the countryside. Bill and Kate concentrate on the Devon Farm, from where the main series is transmitted, while Simon takes you to the wildlife spots around Britain that he has visited in all the Springwatch and Autumnwatch programmes. You will be introduced to all the plants, animals and birds that you have seen over the last three years, plus a few you will see in the future: otters, kingfishers, orchids, trees, sea birds, barn owls - every wildife star is featured. As well as giving their personal memories of each star, Bill, Kate and Simon have also enlisted the help of the wildlife people who have helped them with the programmes to give you fascinating minibiographies of these species, allowing you to understand why they do what they do. We also go behind the scenes to see how the programme is put together - with details on the special tircks that they use to bring live wildlife to the TV - as well as Simon's special tips on how to get close to the some of Britain's more elusive animals. The combination of Bill, Kate and Simon and the wildlife of Britain has been an enoemous success on TV. This book adds to this unique recipe with even more background info and behind the scenes stories to bring you the wildlife book of the year.	2007-04-02	HarperCollins						NAT032000
9780007262670	The lost Ark of the Covenant,the remarkable quest for the legendary Ark	Tudor Parfitt			2008	Harper Element						ZZZ000000
9780006512134	Man and boy	Tony Parsons		A Fabulously Engaging Novel, A Sunday Times Number 1 Bestseller, With Over 1.2 Million Copies Sold. Harry Silver Has It All. A Successful Job In Tv, A Gorgeous Wife, A Lovely Child. And In One Moment Of Madness, He Chucks It All Away. Man And Boy Is The Story Of How He Comes To Terms With His Life And Achieves A Degree Of Self-Respect, Bringing Up His Son Alone And, Gradually, Learning What Words Like Love And Family Really Mean. Very Well-Written, Pacy, Funny And Heart-Breakingly Moving. 'Parsons Has Written A Sharp, Witty And Wise Book Straight From His Heart. His Characters Are All Nitty-Gritty, Bounce-Off-The-Page, Real People; His Dialogue Is Brilliant.' Daily Mail	2000	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780006514817	One for my baby	Tony Parsons		A Novel About Men, Love And Relationships By The Author Of The Book Of The Year, Man And Boy. Alfie Budd Found The Perfect Woman With Whom To Spend The Rest Of His Life, And Then Lost Her. He Doesn'T Believe You Get A Second Chance At Love. Returning To The England He Left Behind During The Brief, Idyllic Time Of His Marriage, Alfie Finds The Rest Of His World Collapsing Around Him. He Takes Comfort In A String Of Pointless, Transient Affairs With His Students At Churchill'S Language School, And He Tries To Learn Tai Chi From An Old Chinese Man, George Chang. Will Alfie Ever Find A Family Life As Strong As The Changs'? Can He Give Up Meaningless Sex For A Meaningful Relationship? And How Do You Play It When The Woman You Like Has A Difficult Child Who Is Infatuated With A Tv Wrestler Known As The Slab? Tony Parsons'S New Novel Is Full Of Laughter And Tears, Biting Social Comment And Overwhelming Emotion. 'Heartbreakingly Universal And Full Of Killer Lines On Love And Love Lost.' Financial Times	2002	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007151264	Stories We Could Tell	Tony Parsons		A Book About Sex And Love And Rock And Roll, Growing Up And Being Young And The Dreams Of Youth Colliding Head-On With The Grown-Up World. Sometimes You Can Grow Up In Just One Night&It Is 16 August 1977 The Day That Elvis Dies And Terry Is Back From Berlin, Basking In The Light Of His Friendship With Legendary Rock Star Dag Wood. But When Dag Arrives In London He Sets His Sights On A Mysterious Young Photographer Called Misty, The Girl That Terry Loves. Will The Love Of Terry'S Life Survive This Hot Summer'S Night? Ray Is The Only Writer On The Inky Music Weekly The Paper Who Refuses To Cut His Hair And Stop Wearing Flares. On The Eve Of Being Sacked, Ray Finds Comfort In The Arms Of An Older Woman Called Mrs Brown. But John Lennon Is In Town For Just One Night And Ray Believes That If He Can Interview The Reclusive Beatle, He Can Save His Job. Can John Lennon And The Love Of An Older Woman Really Save A Young Man'S Soul? Leon Is On The Run From A Gang Called The Dagenham Dogs Who Have Taken Exception To One Of His Bitchy Reviews. Hiding Out In A Disco Called The Goldmine, Leon Meets Ruby The Dancing Queen Of His Dreams. But Will True Love Or The Dagenham Dogs Find Leon Before The Night Is Over? Tony Parsons Goes Back To His Roots For This Deeply Personal Book The Story He Has Been Waiting To Tell.	2006-05-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172237899	The Curious Case Of 221B	Partha Basu			2009	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007216918	People	Philip Patenall		This popular title is relaunched in June 2006 with a fresh new cover design. Packed with step-by-step illustrations, this comprehensive guide provides all the techniques needed to master the art of drawing people.Learn to Draw People includes everything from how to draw perfectly proportioned features to capturing your subjects' character and personality.All the fundamentals are covered, to give the reader a sound foundation in drawing techniques, with step-by-step illustrations demonstrating how to put them into practice. The book includes accessible and practical information on:- Choosing the right medium- Composition, proportion and shapes- Portraying poses and expressions- Drawing people in actionPerfect for total beginners, Learn to Draw People will also be valuable for experienced artists seeking to improve their cartoon drawing skills.	2006-06-08	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007244218	Death of a Dancer	Caro Peacock		Duelling, derring-do, and dastardly deeds are all in a days work for Liberty Lane, a new heroine for fans of Georgette Heyer and Sarah Waterss Victorian novels.The Augustus theatre likes to put on a good show. But when a public spat erupts between two dancers on the London stage, it comes to a dramatic conclusion that definitely wasnt part of the script: one dead, the other arrested for murder. As far as the jurys concerned, its an open-and-shut case, but Liberty Lane believes otherwise.Soon shes leading her own investigation, in a desperate race against the hangmans noose. And while the criminal underworld may be no place for a lady, theres no place for a criminal to hide once Libertys on the case	2008-10-01	Harper						ZZZ000000
9780007232819	The Portrait	Iain Pears		A dark and disturbing novel of suspense, set at the turn of the 20th century, by the bestselling author of 'An Instance of the Fingerpost'.The windswept isle of Houat, off the coast of Brittany, is no picturesque artists' colony. At the turn of the twentieth century, life is harsh and rustic. So why did Henry MacAlpine forsake London - where he had been fted by critics and gallery owners, his works exhibited alongside the likes of Cezanne and Van Gogh - to make his home in this remote outpost?The truth begins to emerge when, four years into his exile, MacAlpine receives his first visitor. Influential art critic William Naysmith has come to the island to sit for a portrait. Over the course of the sitting, the power balance between the two men shifts dramatically as the critic whose pen could anoint or destroy careers becomes a passive subject. And as the painter struggles to capture Nasmith's true character on canvas, a story unfolds - one of betrayal, hypocrisy, forbidden love, suicide and ultimately murder.'The Portrait' is a darkly atmospheric, psychologically complex, macabre and chilling novel from a master storyteller.	2006-08-07	Harper Perennial						FIC025000
9780007273188	Principles Of Stress Management	Peiffer&Vera				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007262410	Bad Haircut	Tom Perrotta		The literary debut from the author of Little Children, Election and The Abstinence Teacher.Tom Perrotta's first novel takes readers to semi-fictional 'Cranwood', in small-town New Jersey. Set between fall 1969 and the summer of 1980, Bad Haircut consists of ten tales; reflecting a coming-of-age in the 'kitsch' era of platforms and disco.The novel charts the struggles of a boy called Buddy with the timeless mysteries of sex, death, parents  and, of course, bad haircuts  as he grows from Cub Scout to college kid. A touching collection of tales, Bad Haircut is Perrotta's perfect observation of the tribulations and tenderness of adolescence.	2009-02-05	Harper Perennial						FIC043000
9780007262403	Election	Tom Perrotta		A brilliantly funny novel from the author of The Abstinence Teacher and Little Children, made into an acclaimed film starring Reece Witherspoon and Matthew Broderick.Tracy Flick wants to be president of Winwood High. Shes one of those ambitious girls who finds time to do it all: edit the yearbook, star in the school musical, sleep with her English teacher. Staunch idealist, Jim McAllister (aka Mr M) thinks the students deserve better. So he persuades Paul Warren  a well-liked, good-hearted jock  to run as well. But that puts Pauls sister, Tammy, in a snit. So she runs too, on an apathy platform  before starting a real campaignto get herself kicked out of school.The idea was to educate the students of this suburban New Jersey school in the democratic process and the American way. But with all the sex scandals, smear campaigns and behind-the-scenes powerbrokers at Winwood High, it doesnt look as if they need any lessons	2009-02-05	Harper Perennial						FIC000000
9780007262427	Wishbones	Tom Perrotta		The second novel from Tom Perrotta, author of Little Children, Election and The Abstinence Teacher.Everything is going pretty well for Dave Raymond. He's 31, but he still feels young. He's playing guitar with the Wishbones, a New Jersey wedding band, and while it isn't exactly the Big Time, it is music. He has a roof over his head...well, it's his parents' roof, but they don't hassle him much. Life isn't perfect. But it isn't bad. Not bad at all.But then he has to blow it all by proposing to his girlfriend...One man's treasure is another man's millstone. To Dave, the treasure in question is Gretchen; a sexy, bohemian poet Dave meets when playing at a wedding with his band. While Gretchen the poet plays 'the bridesmaid', Dave plays 'the rock-star'. And suddenly, the comfortable trajectory of his reality seems far less appealing.	2009-02-05	Harper Perennial						FIC016000
9780007261017	The Abstinence Teacher	Tom Perrotta		A sharp, funny and beautifully observed satire about the disturbing influence of the Christian right from one of Americas most cherished authors.Ruth Ramsey went too far. She hadn't noticed the changing climate. A Sex Ed teacher championing oral sex!? Not now, not in this AmericaCherished by her high school pupils as someone who'd tell it straight, after one innocent classroom indiscretion Ruth suddenly finds the curriculum she has taught for nigh on 15 years worryingly out of vogue. As the scandal flares up and attracts the unwelcome eye of the local evangelical Church, the appeasing high-school principal forces her into advocating a pro-abstinence agenda in the classroom that is at odds with all conventional wisdom. But jaded though she is by her recent divorce and fruitless search for a new love, Ruth is determined that the values she grew up with will not be sacrificed to Puritanism.It is a syllabus change which should be considered a victory by Tim Mason  recovering addict, local football coach and recent convert to the same plaintiff Church  but his new found faith is constantly put to the test by the temptations of his former life. When he makes the gesture of leading his football team in prayer after a hard-fought victory, in which Ruth's daughter Maggie starred, he manages not only to incur the wrathful attention of her mother, but to cement his position as the star evangelist of his church  an office he is none too sure about occupying.Scathing, witty and brilliantly observed,The Abstinence Teacher' is a cutting portrayal of modern America and the influence of the Christian right from the acclaimed, bestselling author of 'Election' and 'Little Children'.	2009-02-05	Harper Collins Publ. UK						ZZZ000000
9780007245734	Abandoned	Anya Peters			2007-05-01	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						FAM001000
9780007241798	In the Heart of the Sea,The Epic True Story That Inspired Moby Dick	Nathaniel Philbrick		The Number One best-selling, epic true-life story of one of the most notorious maritime disasters of the 19th century, beautifully reissued. The sinking of the whaleship Essex by an enraged spermwhale in the Pacific in November 1820 set in motion one of the most dramatic sea stories of all time: the twenty sailors who survived the wreck took to three small boats (one of which was again attacked by a whale) and only eight of them survived their subsequent 90-day ordeal, after resorting to cannibalising their mates. Three months after the Essex was broken up, the whaleship Dauphin, cruising off the coast of South America, spotted a small boat in the open ocean. As they pulled alongside they saw piles of bones in the bottom of the boat, at least two skeletons' worth, with two survivors - almost skeletons themselves - sucking the marrow from the bones of their dead ship-mates.	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007314362	Wings	Aprilynne Pike			2009-04-30	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007230662	Caravaggio,Painter of Miracles	Francine Prose		NBA finalist Francine Prose takes on a great artist whose life was brief and paradoxical, more loathed in his own time than any modern artist since. This is a study of why revolutionary art can be reviled in its own time and revered in another. Building on a biographical tradition that can be traced back to Aubrey's 'Brief Lives', Dr Johnson's 'Lives of the Poets' and Lytton Strachey's 'Eminent Victorians', this exciting and ground-breaking new series pairs great biographers, historians and novelists with iconic subjects, the writing bristling with original and distinctive points of view. Francine Prose's life of Caravaggio evokes the genius of this great artist through a brilliant reading of his paintings. Caravaggio defied the aesthetic conventions of his time; his use of ordinary people, realistically portrayed - street boys, prostitutes, the poor, the aged - was a profound and revolutionary innovation that left its mark on generations of artists. His insistence on painting from nature, on rendering the emotional truth of experience, whether religious or secular, makes him an artist who speaks across the centuries to our own time. Born in 1571 near Milan, Michelangelo Merisi (da Caravaggio) moved to Rome when he was 21 years old. He became a brilliant and successful artist, protected by the influential Cardinal del Monte and other patrons. But he was also a man of the streets who couldn't seem to free himself from its brawls and vendettas. In 1606 he fled Rome, apparently after killing another man in a dispute. He spent his last years in exile, at once celebrated for his art and tormented by his enemies. Through it all, he produced masterpieces of astonishing complexity and power. Eventually he received a pardon from the Pope, only to die, in mysterious circumstances, on the way back to Rome in 1610. Francine Prose presents the brief but tumultuous life of one of the greatest of all painters with passion and acute sensitivity.	2007-03-05	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007204397	Diary of a Manhattan Call Girl	Tracy Quan		A Fun, Witty, Sexy, Page-Turning Novel Written By A Real-Life, High-Priced Manhattan Call Girl. This Is The Diary Of Nancy Chan, Busy Career Girl, In Her Thirties, Newly Engaged And Trying To Balance Job And Romance. But Nancy Is A High-Class Call Girl, A Fact Her Banker Fiance, Matt Does Not Know (He Thinks She S A Copy Editor) And Nancy Wants To Keep It That Way. With One Foot In The Bedrooms Of Her Rich And Demanding Clients And One In The World Of Her Fianc And His Family, Nancy Demonstrates, In Her Inimitable Fashion, That If You Know The Dance, You Can Keep Those Two Worlds From Colliding. At Least For A While. This Wonderfully Intelligent, Sexually Frank, Rollicking Novel Gives Us Fresh Insight Into The Machinations And Politics Of Being An Expensive Call Girl In The Modern World. Quan Pulls No Punches, Gives No Apologies, And Has Written One Of The Best And Most Honest Books Yet On The Topic.	2005	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007190911	Yoga,all the tips and techniques you need to get healthy in mind and body	Patricia A. Ralston&Caroline Smart			2005-01-03	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007225781	Tana Ramsay's family kitchen,simple and delicious recipes for every family	Tana Ramsay		Tana Ramsay, glamorous, down-to-earth wife of celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay and hands-on mother of four, has written a cookbook every family will swear by - but not in the traditional Gordon way. Widely renowned for being the bedrock of the Ramsay household, Tana shows time-pressed parents how easy it is to cook for the most demanding of families.Tana Ramsay is much admired for her strong beliefs in close-knit family values and for her hands-on approach with her and celebrity chef Gordon's young family. Tana shows time-pressed parents how easy it is to cook healthy meals that all the family will enjoy - no matter what age or how demanding they may be. As well as over 100 recipes, this beautiful and practical cookbook includes hints and tips on:- how to simply adapt dishes to suit different ages and tastes- how to encourage children to experiment with food- how to cut corners with a vast array of handy cooking and shopping hints	2006-01	Harper						ZZZ000000
9780007222094	Startled by His Furry Shorts	Louise Rennison		Sound the Cosmic Horn! Bestselling author Louise Rennison's seventh book of the confessions of crazy but loveable teenager Georgia Nicolson is out in PB! Why did I admit I wanted Masimo to be my proper boyfriend? Why? ? One minute he was snogging me, and then the next he was snogging Wet Lindsay, stick insect and drip. ? Perhaps I should tell him he can go out with her as well as me... ? But then I might snog him after she has snogged him, which would mean I have practically snogged her!!! Erlack! ? I would rather snog my cat, Angus! ? He has certainly got nicer legs... Well, more of them anyway. Georgia is on the 'rack of luuurve' once more... Will Masimo the Italian Stallion agree to be her one and only boyfriend? How does she really feel about her old friend and lip-nibbling partner Dave the Laugh? And has Robbie the Sex God really gone for good? You'll laugh with her and cry with her - follow Georgia's hilarious antics as she desperately tries to muddle her way through teenage life.	2007-02-28	HarperCollins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007272310	Louise Rennison :Knocked Out By My Nunga	Louise Rennison				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007213313	Francis Crick,discoverer of the genetic code	Matt Ridley		Acclaimed author Matt Ridley traces the colourful life of the man who discovered the structure of DNA, the building blocks of life. Building on a biographical tradition that can be traced back to Aubrey's a??Brief Livesa??, Dr Johnson's a??Lives of the Poetsa?? and Lytton Strachey's a??Eminent Victoriansa??, this exciting and ground-breaking new series pairs great biographers, historians and novelists with iconic subjects, the writing bristling with original and distinctive points of view. On 28 February 1953, Francis Crick walked into the Eagle pub in Cambridge and announced that he and his American colleague James Watson a??had found the secret of lifea??. In fact, they had indeed done so. That morning, Crick and Watson had worked out the structure of DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid). They had discovered its 'double helix' form, one which could replicate itself, confirming theories that it carried life's hereditary information. Matt Ridley's life of Crick begins with his birth in 1916 at the home of a shoe factory owner, his early explosive experiments at primary school and time developing torpedoes in the Navy. After his seismic DNA discovery, which won him the Nobel Prize before he'd even gained a PhD, the scientist's later work was rarely uncontroversial. From California, he proposed that life began when micro-organisms from another planet were dropped here by a spaceship sent to Earth, and maintained that the 'human soul' was entirely explicable in terms of brain activity. Matt Ridley's entertaining account traces the colourful and entirely original work behind one of mankind's greatest discoveries and displays the life of a scientist considered of the very first rank.	2008-02-04	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007190768	Waterloo,Napoleon's last gamble	Andrew Roberts		The Making History Series is launched in paperback with an exciting retelling of one of the moments that shook the world - Waterloo, one of the truly decisive battles of history.The illustrious Making History Series, edited by Lisa Jardine and Amanda Foreman, explores an eclectic mix of history's tipping points.In Waterloo, Roberts provides not only a fizzing account of one of the most significant 48 hour periods of all time, but also a startling interrogation into the methodology of history - is it possible to create an accurate picture from a single standpoint? What we can say for certain about the battle is that it ended forever of the great personal epics. The career of Napoleon was brought to a shuddering halt on the evening of 18th June 1815. Interwoven in the clear-cut narrative are exciting revelations brought to light by recent research: accident rather than design led to the crucial cavalry debacle that lost the battle. Amongst the all-too-human explanation for the blunder that cost Napoleon his throne, Roberts sets the political, strategic and historical scene, and finally shows why Waterloo was such an important historical punctuation mark.The generation after Waterloo saw the birth of the modern era: ghastly as the carnage here was, henceforth the wars of the future were fought with infinitely more ghastly methods of trenches, machine-guns, directed starvation, concentration camps, and aerial bombardment. By the time of the Great War, chivalry was utterly dead. The honour of bright uniform and tangible spirit of lan met their final dance at Waterloo.	2006-02-06	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007307616	Wetlands	Charlotte Roche		With her jaunty dissection of the sex life and the private grooming habits of the novel's 18-year-old narrator, Helen Memel, Charlotte Roche has turned the previously unspeakable into the national conversation in Germany.Since its debut in February, the novel (Feuchtgebiete, in German) has sold more than 680,000 copies, and is the biggest selling book on Amazon anywhere in the world.The book is a headlong dash through every crevice and byproduct, physical and psychological, of its narrator's body and mind. It is difficult to overstate the raunchiness of the novel. Wetlands opens in a hospital room after an intimate shaving accident. It gives a detailed topography of Helen's hemorrhoids, continues into the subject of anal intercourse and only gains momentum from there, eventually reaching avocado pits as objects of female sexual satisfaction and  here is where the debate kicks in  just possibly female empowerment. Clearly the novel has struck a nerve, catching a wave of popular interest in renewing the debate over women's roles and image in society.	2009-06-25	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007236213	I Want My Potty	Tony Ross		The classic Little Princess tale about the perils of potty training! "Nappies are YUUECH!" said the Little Princess. "There MUST be something better!" At first the Little Princess thinks the royal potty is even worse than nappies but she soon learns to love it - even if it isn't always there just when she needs it!	2006-09-07	HarperCollins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007315123	Virolution	Frank Ryan		The extraordinary role of viruses in evolution and how this is revolutionising biology and medicineDarwin's theory of evolution is still the greatest breakthrough in biological science. His explanation of the role of natural selection in driving the evolution of life on earth depended on steady variation of living things over time  but he was unable to explain how this variation occurred. In the 150 years since publication of the Origin of Species, we have discovered three main sources for this variation  mutation, hybridisation and epigenetics. Then on Sunday, 12th February, 2001 the evidence for perhaps the most extraordinary cause of variation was simultaneously released by two organisations  the code for the entire human genome. Not only was the human genome unbelievably simple (it is only ten times more complicated than a bacteria), but embedded in the code were large fragments that were derived from viruses  fragments that were vital to evolution of all organisms and the evidence for a fourth and vital source of variation  viruses.Virolution is the product of Dr Frank Ryan's decade of research at the frontiers of this new science  now called viral symbiosis  and the amazing revolution that it has had in these few years. As scientists begin to look for evidence of viral involvement in more and more processes, they have discovered that they are vital in nearly every case. And with this understanding comes the possibility of manipulating the role of the viruses to help fight a huge range of diseases.	2009-06-25	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007277537	Depression	Sandra Salmans				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007277643	Q & A Series : Eye Health	Sandra Salmans				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007207008	Mr Dixon Disappears	Ian Sansom		Israel Armstrong, one of literature'"s most unlikely detectives, returns for more crime solving adventure in this hilarious second novel from '~The Mobile Library'" series. The second in the '~The Mobile Library '~ detective series, '~Mr Dixon Disappears'" once again features the magnificently hapless Israel Armstrong '" the young, Jewish, duffle-coat wearing librarian who solves crimes, mysteries, and domestic problems all whilst driving a mobile library around the coast of Northern Ireland. Dixon and Pickering's, County Antrim's legendary department store, is preparing to celebrate its centenary. But the elderly Mr Dixon '" a member of the Ulster Association of Magicians '" has gone missing, along with one hundred thousand pounds in cash. It smells, pretty badly, of a kidnap. Israel becomes a suspect in the police investigation and is suspended from his job by his boss, the ever-fearsome Linda Wei. He's having to fight to clear his name. Does Israel's acclaimed five-panel touring exhibition showing the history of Dixon and Pickering's in old photographs and artefacts perhaps hold the key to Mr Dixon's mysterious disappearance? Will romance blossom between Israel and Rosie Hart, the barmaid at the First and Last? Will Linda Wei stick to her diet? And has nobody here heard of Franz Kafka? All will be revealed in this hilarious and endlessly inventive sequel to '~The Case of the Missing Books'".	2006	Harper Perennial						FIC022000
9780007246649	Calorie Counting	Kate Santon		No matter what kind of diet you follow, you will have to consume fewer calories than you burn off. Easy to say and more difficult to do, so this book covers the theory, the planning and living with a low-calorie diet, complete with recipes and detailed information on the nutritional values of many foods. Whatever the diet, controlling calories is the key to long-term success. You have to consume fewer calories than you burn off before your body will shed some of its fat stores. Other diets that restrict your intake of carbs or fats, or provide complex equations about the ratio of one food group to another, will only work if you end up consuming fewer calories. The book covers the following topics in that helpful, supporting style that is the hallmark of the Need to Know series, also reflected in the companion volume, Need to Know GI + GL, produced by the same team: ? How are calories burned? Burning calories through exercise. Finding your own RMR. The dangers of cutting down too drastically. ? Methods of measuring BMI, body fat, waist-to-hip ratio and so forth. Finding your ideal weight. Working out how many calories you will be able to consume during the weight-loss and maintenance phases of your diet. ? Components of a healthy diet - nutrients that you have to include in your diet on a daily and weekly basis. The importance of portion control. ? Some sample menus for breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks, divided into categories depending on their calorie count. ? Becoming calorie-aware: once you understand the basics, you shouldn't have to sit with pen, paper and calculator every evening figuring out if you have 100 spare calories for a glass of wine, but at the beginning you are advised to note everything down. ? Some low-cal recipes, including the 'lite' version of certain household favourites. Including: roasted vegetable lasagne, Thai green chicken curry, teriyaki beef, trout with almonds, wild mushroom risotto, low-cal fish and chips, and some tasty low-cal desserts. ? Ways of introducing more activity into your day-to-day life. Exercises for the desk-bound. Motivating yourself to do more sports. ? Listings - the nutritional composition of basic, non-branded foods so that you can calculate the calorie counts for your own favourite dishes.	2007-02-08	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9788172237004	Traveller The Tiger & Very Clever Jackal	Reshma Sapre			2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172232306	Dastarkhwan-e-Awadh	Sangeeta Bhatnagar&R. K. Saxena			1997-12	HarperCollins Publishers, India						ZZZ000000
9780007284542	Splat the Cat	Rob Scotton		Meet Splat The Cat! An Irresistible New Character From Rob Scotton, Bestselling Creator Of Russell The Sheep. It'S Splat The Cat'S First Day Of School And He'S Worried. What If He Doesn'T Make Any New Friends? Just In Case, Splat Decides To Bring Along His Pet Mouse, Seymour, And Hides Him In His Lunch Box. The Teacher, Mrs Wimpydimple, Introduces Splat To The Class And He Soon Starts Learning All His Important Cat Lessons. But When Seymour Escapes And The Cats Do What Cats Do (They Chase Mice!), Splat'S Worried Again. Maybe Now He'Ll Lose All His Friends, Old And New! Just In Time, Wise Mrs Wimpydimple Takes Charge And Teaches Everyone An Important New Lesson... Maybe Cat School Is Going To Be Okay After All!	2008-08-04	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172236939	The disappearances	Vijay Seshadri			2007	Harper Collins Publishers						ZZZ000000
9780007162345	Dr. Seuss' The cat in the hat movie storybook	Dr. Seuss			2004-03-01	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007169894	Marvin K. Mooney will you please go now!	Dr. Seuss			2003-08-04	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007169924	And to think that I saw it on Mulberry Street	Dr. Seuss			2003-08-04	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007158478	Fox in socks	Dr. Seuss		In This Hilarious Book, The Irrepressible Fox In Socks Teaches A Baffled Mr. Knox Some Of The Slickest, Quickest Tongue-Twisters In Town. With His Unique Combination Of Hilarious Stories, Zany Pictures And Riotous Rhymes, Dr. Seuss Has Been Delighting Young Children And Helping Them Learn To Read For Over Fifty Years. Creator Of The Wonderfully Anarchic Cat In The Hat, And Ranked Among The Uk'S Top Ten Favourite Children'S Authors, Seuss Is Firmly Established As A Global Best-Seller, With Nearly Half A Billion Books Sold Worldwide. As The First Step In A Major Rebrand Programme, Harpercollins Is Relaunching 17 Of Dr. Seuss'S Best-Selling Books, Including Such Perennial Favourites As The Cat In The Hat, Green Eggs And Ham And Fox In Socks. In Response To Consumer Demand, The Bright New Cover Designs Incorporate Much Needed Guidance On Reading Levels, With The Standard Paperbacks Divided Into Three Reading Strands Blue Back Books For Parents To Share With Young Children, Green Back Books For Budding Readers To Tackle On Their Own, And Yellow Back Books For Older, More Fluent Readers To Enjoy. Fox In Socks Belongs To The Green Back Book Range.	2003	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007158454	The cat in the hat comes back	Dr. Seuss		Billedbog i farver. Nonsensfortlling med rimet tekst om en kat, der p fantastisk vis gr en kedelig dag spndende for to brn.	2003	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007293711	X Dr Seuss Favourites Slipcase	Seuss			2008	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007213344	Pregnancy	Harriet Sharkey		The week-by-week guide that prepares you for a relaxed and confident birth. Need to know? Pregnancy gives a complete overview of baby development through pregnancy and birth. Its combination of conventional mainstream and complementary medical info reflects the way most pregnant women approach their care today. It is full of lots of quick tips and realistic info, so is practical and undaunting to use, but also includes web resources for checking on specific tests or finding decent maternity clothes, for example.  Week by week overview, with details of growth: mother and baby  Checking your health and wellbeing: tests, scans, antenatal appointments.  Eating well: nutrition, portions, weight gain, etc  Exercising and relaxing: exercise; yoga; safety; staying fit; relaxation.  Labour and Birth: preparation; home birth / hospital birth; what happens in labour and birth; birth partner; caesarean section; relieving pain.  Your baby at birth: apgar test; reflexes; feeding.  A-Z of common problems: overview of common problems in pregnancy and labour Harriet Sharkey takes an easy-access, upbeat approach throughout, combining mainstream complementary treatments with conventional medical information. There's plenty of acknowledgement of the expectant father too.	2006-05-25	Collins						HEA041000
9788172233129	The HarperCollins book of Oriya short stories	K. K. Mohapatra			1998-05-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007268344	The Stone Diaries	Carol Shields		Winner of the Pulitzer Prize, the National Book Critics Circle Award and the Governor-Generala??s Award, and short-listed for the Booker Prize. a??The Stone Diariesa?? is the story of one womana??s life, a truly sensuous novel which reflects and illuminates the unsettled decades of our century. Repackaged as part of the Perennial fiction promotion. This is the story of Daisy Goodwill, from her birth on a kitchen floor in Manitoba, Canada, to her death in a Florida nursing home nearly ninety years later. Through Daisya??s life, Shields reflects and illuminates the unsettled decades of our century in this rich and poignant novel.	2008-02-04	Harper Perennial						FIC000000
9780007277872	The Thyroid Diet	Mary J. Shomon				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007245154	The post-birthday world	Lionel Shriver			2007-03-05	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007245147	The Post-Birthday World	Lionel Shriver		The New Novel From The Orange Prize Winning Author Of We Need To Talk About Kevin It All Hinges On One Kiss. Whether Irina Mcgovern Does Or Does Not Lean In To A Specific Pair Of Lips In London Will Determine Whether She Stays With Her Disciplined, Intellectual Partner Lawrence Or Runs Off With Ramsey, A Hard-Living Snooker Player. Using A Parallel Universe Structure, We Follow Irina'S Life As It Unfolds Under The Influence Of Two Drastically Different Men. Lawrence Is Irina'S Partner Of Nearly Ten Years. Ramsey Is The Ex-Husband Of A Sometime Friend, A Once-A-Year Acquaintance To Whom Irina Has Never Paid A Great Deal Of Attention. Where Lawrence Is Supportive And Devoted; Ramsey Is Flighty And Spontaneous. Lawrence Is Emotionally Withdrawn To The Point Of Repression; Ramsey Is Fiery And Passionate, But Volatile. The Contrasts Between The Two Men Have Ramifications For Irina'S Relationships With Friends And Family, For Her Career As An Illustrator, And More Importantly, For The Texture Of Her Daily Life. This Love Is About Trade-Offs. Both Men In Irina'S Dual Future Are Worthy Of Her Affection But Deeply Flawed. The Answer Is That There Is No Perfect Answer: One Of The Things That Draws Us To Our Mates Is What Is Wrong With Them. The Post-Birthday World Is Written With All The Subtlety, Perceptiveness And Drama That Made We Need To Talk About Kevin An International Bestseller.	2008-04-01	Harper						FIC000000
9780007268351	A Thousand Acres	Jane Smiley		The Pulitzer Prize-winning, bestselling novel from one of Americaa??s greatest contemporary writers, repackaged as part of the Perennial fiction promotion. Larry Cooka??s farm is the largest in Zebulon County, Iowa, and a tribute to his hard work and single-mindedness. Proud and possessive, his sudden decision to retire and hand over the farm to his three daughters, is disarmingly uncharacteristic. Ginny and Rose, the two eldest, are startled yet eager to accept, but Caroline, the youngest daughter, has misgivings. Immediately, her father cuts her out. In a??A Thousand Acresa??, Jane Smiley transposes the a??King Leara?? story to the modern day, and in so doing at once illuminates Shakespearea??s original and subtly transforms it. This astonishing novel won both of Americaa??s highest literary awards, the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Criticsa?? Circle Award.	2008	Harper Perennial						FIC045000
9780007121687	Watercolour Flower Painting Workshop	Hazel Soan			2001	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007241835	Longitude	Dava Sobel		The dramatic human story of an epic scientific quest: the search for the solution of how to calculate longitude and the unlikely triumph of an English genius. Anyone alive in the 18th century would have known that 'the longitude problem' was the thorniest scientific dilemma of the day - and had been for centuries. Lacking the ability to measure their longitude, sailors throughout the great ages of exploration had been literally lost at sea as soon as they lost sight of land. Thousands of lives, and the increasing fortunes of nations, hung on a resolution. The quest for a solution had occupied scientists and their patrons for the better part of two centuries when, in 1714, Parliament upped the ante by offering a king's ransom (#20,000) to anyone whose method or device proved successful. Countless quacks weighed in with preposterous suggestions. The scientific establishment throughout Europe - from Galileo to Sir Isaac Newton - had mapped the heavens in both hemispheres in its certain pursuit of a celestial answer. In stark contrast, one man, John Harrison, dared to imagine a mechanical solution. Full of heroism and chicanery, brilliance and the absurd, 'Longitude' is also a fascinating brief history of astronomy, navigation and clockmaking.	2007	Harper Perennial						SCI066000
9781841156217	The Planets	Dava Sobel		After The Huge National And International Success Of 'Longitude' And 'Gallileo'S Daughter', Dava Sobel Tells The Human Story Of The Nine Planets Of Our Solar System. This Groundbreaking New Work Traces The 'Lives' Of Each Member Of Our Solar Family, From Myth And History, Astrology And Science Fiction, To The Latest Data From The Modern Era'S Robotic Space Probes. Whether Revealing What Hides Behind Venus'S Cocoon Of Acid Clouds, Describing Neptune'S Complex Beauty, Or Capturing First-Hand The Excitement At The Jet Propulsion Laboratory When The First Pictures From Cassini At Saturn Were Recently Beamed To Earth, Dava Sobel'S Unique Tour Of The Solar System Is Filled With Fascination And Beauty. In Lyrical Prose Interspersed With Poems By Tennyson, Blake And Others, 'The Planets' Gives A Breathtaking, Intimate View Of Those Heavenly Bodies That Have Captured The Imagination Since Humanity'S First Glimpse Of The Glittering Night Skies. Timely And Timeless, 'The Planets' Will Engage And Delight As It Unravels The Mysteries Of The Cosmos. It Is Of Infinite Relevance To This Age In Which New Planets Are Being Discovered Elsewhere In Our Galaxy. drn Is A Spiritual Teacher For Anyone Whether They Have A Spiritual Path Or Not. Her Heartfelt Advice And Wisdom (Developed In Her 20 Years Of Practice As A Tibetan Buddhist Nun As Well As Her Years Previously As A Normal Housewife And Mother ) Give Her A Wide Appeal. Particularly In These Difficult Times, This Advice Strikes Just The Right Note, Offering Us Comfort And Challenging Us To Live Deeply And Contribute To Creating A More Loving World.	2006	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007197736	Your Chinese Horoscope 2006,What the Year of the Dog Holds in Store for You	Neil Somerville		Everything readers need to know about the twelve signs and five elements of this the detailed system of Chinese divination.	2005-06-28	Thorsons Element						ZZZ000000
9780007802869	B C S :Albie And The Space Rocket	Andy Cutbill		Meet Albie A Small Boy In A Weird, Wild World. Albie Is A Six Year Old Boy Whose Imagination Turns His Surroundings Into Wild Fantasy And He Sees Peculiar Creatures Everywhere. Why Does No One Else Notice Them? It S A Mystery To Albie. It Seems Like Just Another Ordinary Night To Albie Until He Wakes To Find& Penguins Stealing The Furniture, Moose Tangoing In The Toilet And Zebras Asleep In The Kitchen Cupboard. But Who Has Left A Trail Of Baked Beans?	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007802746	Best Children Series : Zigby Camps Out	Brian Paterson		Meet Zigby The Zebra Who Trots Into Trouble!When Zigby Is Given A Tent, He And His Best Friends, Bertie Bird And Mcmeer The Meerkat, Decide To Try It Out Right Away! Off They Set On A Big Adventure To The Darkest Jungle&Zigby And Bertie Wait In The Tent While Mcmeer Stays Outside To Build A Fire& They Become Very Scared For There Are Many Strange Noises Outside The Tent Something-Waiting-To-Pounce Noises And Something-Lurking-In-The-Dark Noises. Zigby Pokes The Looming, Dribbling And Snarling Shape Outside The Tent Its Mcmeer Eating Their Watermelon! As A Punishment Mcmeer Is Told He Can T Come Back In The Tent Until The Fire Is Built And That S When They All Hear A Really Scary Noise, Boom Boom Boom It Goes, Getting Closer And Closer To The Tent. Mcmeer Scrambles In The Tent Just As An Elephant S Trunk Reaches In To The Tent. It S Their Friend, Ella, Come To Take Them Safely Home!		HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007802777	I'm Sorry	Sam McBratney		When You Have A Friend You Love The Best, Playing Together Is Huge Fun. But Sometimes Even The Best Friends Argue& These Best Friends Love To Play Schools And Doctors. Together They Look After Their Toys And Put Their Boots On So That They Can Splash In Puddles. But One Day Things Go Wrong, They Shout At Each Other And Then They Don T Speak At All. They Are Both Good And Pretending That They Don T Care About Having To Play On Their Own Now; But Really They Care Very Much Indeed. Perhaps If They Could Just Say I M Sorry Everything Would Be Good Again. Age 3-6	2007	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007802814	Tim, Ted and the Pirates	Ian Whybrow&Russell Ayto			2007	Hinkler Books Pty, Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007184064	Who Do You Love?	Mandy Stanley		Cuddle up with a loved one and share this romantic toddler book from the creator of What Do You Say? Love is in the air! The bees love their queen... Mole loves the girl next door... And the flamingos love each other. But who does Owl love?	2007-02-05	HarperCollins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007119486	Visibility	Boris Starling		In 1950s London, an MI-5 outcast stumbles upon a secret that will change the world ndash; if he can stay alive long enough to tell it. A page-turner for fans of 'Enigma' from the bestselling author of 'Messiah'. London, 1952. As the fog rolls in, the chase begins... A stranger's approach offering highly sensitive information seemed routine to an ex-spy turned policeman. But when a body turns up instead of state secrets, Detective Inspector Herbert Smith finds himself in a race against time to solve the murder. For he is not the only one after the dead man's secret. It seems the CIA, KGB and MI-5 are all vying to get to the truth first and some are prepared to kill for it. As the Great Smog descends on London, bringing chaos and death, Herbert finds himself facing one of the greatest evils of the twentieth century. At stake is the biggest prize of all: the key to life itself.	2007-05-21	Harper						FIC031000
9780007251285	Shake Rattle &hurl	R.L.Stine				Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780003172508	Science directions	Chris Sunley&Jane Bourne&Alison Norman			2000	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007273171	Principles Of Spiritualism	Swarte&Lyn De				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007242061	Chocolate	Lisa Swerling&Ralph Lazar		Money can't buy you love but it can buy you chocolate ... loads of it! Wrap your tastebuds around this sinfully self-indulgent celebration of God's gratest gift to womankind. Glorious, sumptuous, silky, scrummy, life-enhancing chocolate. It doesn't answer back, it knows that answer to 'does my bum look big in this?' and always knows how to make things better. Chocolate is nature's proof that God exists and that she loves us very, very much. Celebrating the love that knows no bounds, these cartoons are as tasty as a Belgian chocolate with only a fraction of the calories. chocolate is the answer. I don't give a damn about the question life is a struggle between good, evil and chocolate Simple but bold illustrations with bright and cheery colours make these books perfect for anyone who enjoys one of life's naughtiest little indulgences. .	2007-01-15	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						HUM001000
9780006550433	The bonesetter's daughter	Amy Tan			2001-10-01	Flamingo						ZZZ000000
9780007219896	Saving fish from drowning	Amy Tan		The highly-anticipated new novel from the best-selling author of 'The Joy Luck Club' and 'The Bonesetter's Daughter'.On an ill-fated art expedition of the Southern Shan State in Burma, eleven Americans leave their Floating Island Resort for a Christmas morning tour - and disappear. Through the twists of fate, curses, and just plain human error, they find themselves deep in the Burma jungle, where they encounter a tribe awaiting the return of the leader and the mythical book of wisdom that will protect them from the ravages and destruction of the Myanmar military regime.Filled with Amy Tan's signature 'idiosyncratic, sympathetic characters, haunting images, historical complexity, significant contemporary themes, and suspenseful mystery' (Los Angeles Times), 'Saving Fish from Drowning' seduces the reader with a faade of Buddhist illusions, magical tricks, and light comedy, even as the absurd and picaresque spiral into a gripping morality tale about the consequences of intentions - both good and bad - and of the shared responsibility that individuals must accept for the actions of others.	2005	Fourth Estate						ZZZ000000
9780007100811	The World of Gerard Mercator,The Mapmaker Who Revolutionised Geography	Andrew Taylor		The true story of Gerard Mercator, the greatest map-maker of all time, who was condemned to death as a heretic.'Geographie and Chronologie I may call the Sunne and the Moone, the right eye and the left, of all history'In The World of Gerard Mercator, Andrew Taylor chronicles both the story of a great astronomer and mathematician, who was condemned to death as a heretic, and the history of that most fascinating conjunction of science and art: the drawing of maps. Gerard Mercator was born in Flanders in 1512. In addition to creating accurate globes of the earth and the stars, he was the first person to use latitude and longitude for navigation and he created the most-used map of all time: Mercator's Projection is still the standard view of the world, the one we all envisage when we think of a map of the globe. Simply finding the best solution to the impossible challenge of reproducing the spherical world on a flat sheet of paper was a considerable achievement in itself - something geographers and map-makers had been trying to do for centuries, but Mercator also created the map of the world that would form the basis of the modern age, an image of the continents for the common man.Until Mercator's Projection, maps offered a pictorial encyclopaedia to an illiterate world, and that world stretched far beyond the knowledge and travels of most mapmakers. It is this evolution of mapmaking from art to science that forms the backdrop to the story of Mercator, from the days of Herodotus and Strabo when fabulous creatures were supposed to inhabit the fringes of the world to the great mappae mundi of Hereford and Ebsdorf. The Greek geographer Pytheas claimed to have visited the far north of Britain to establish the limits of the habitable world; but further north, he claimed that the earth, air and sea coalesced into a jellyfish-like gelatinous suspension which made life impossible.The World of Gerard Mercator is a brilliantly readable and absolutely fascinating history for the general reader, describing how our worldview came into being.	2005-01-01	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007266739	The American Boy	Andrew Taylor		Interweaving real and fictional elements, a??The American Boya?? is a major literary historical crime novel in the tradition of a??An Instance of the Fingerposta?? and a??Possessiona??. Repackaged as part of the Perennial fiction promotion. England 1819: Thomas Shield, a new master at a school just outside London, is tutor to a young American boy and the boya??s sensitive best friend, Charles Frant. Drawn to Franta??s beautiful, unhappy mother, Thomas becomes caught up in her familya??s twisted intrigues. Then a brutal crime is committed, with consequences that threaten to destroy Thomas and all that he has come to dearly value. Despite his efforts, Shield is caught up in a deadly tangle of sex, money, murder and lies a?? a tangle that grips him even tighter as he tries to escape from it. And what of the strange American child, at the heart of these macabre events a?? what is the secret of the boy named Edgar Allan Poe?	2008-03-26	Harper Perennial						FIC014000
9780007244089	Mavericks at Work,Why the Most Original Minds in Business Win	William Taylor&Polly G. LaBarre			2006	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007262519	Mosquito	Roma Tearne			2007-01	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007279111	It'S A Miracle	Richard Thomas				HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007173549	Iris and Ruby	Rosie Thomas		Rich and alive with descriptions of the bustling streets of old Cairo, and the vast, foreboding desert surrounding it - 'Iris and Ruby' is a stirring story of mothers, daughters and the distance between three generations of one family.Stiflingly quiet and claustrophobic, Iris Black's Cairo house is suddenly disturbed by the unexpected arrival of her troubled and wilful granddaughter, Ruby. Teenage Ruby has run away from England to seek solace with the grandmother she hasn't seen for many years. An unlikely bond is formed as the two open themselves up to one another.Ruby helps Iris document her deteriorating memories of the glittering, cosmopolitan Cairo of World War Two, a time when she lost her heart to her one true love - the enigmatic Captain Xan Molyneux - and then lost him to the ravages of the war.Iris' early devastation shapes her own heart and that of her daughter and granddaughter in turn.- and leads the two women into terrible danger in the Egyptian desert.	2006-09-04	Harper						ZZZ000000
9780007247844	Hybrids,Saga Competition Winner	David Thorpe		A thrilling sci-fi novel set in a believeable - and terrifying - near future... Hybrids is the winning entry to the HarperCollins nationwide new author competition with SAGA Magazine.Johnny Online and Kestrella are hybrids - victims of "Creep", a pandemic sweeping the country which causes sufferers to merge with items of technology when over-exposed to their use. Kestrella persuades a wary Johnny to help her find her missing mother, but the Gene Police have other plans for him...Powerful, compelling, and narrated alternately by Johnny and Kes, it questions our human dependence on technology, and our reactions in the face of nationwide panic. This was the outstanding winner of the Children's Book Writing Competition run in conjunction with SAGA Magazine.Orange-prize winning author Helen Dunmore - one of the judges - says: "The writing is sharp, the dialogue good, and the action pacey and page-turning. But there's a real depth to this story, too. Like all good fiction it makes the reader see the world in a different light."	2007-05-17	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780261102224	The book of lost tales	John Ronald Reuel Tolkien&Christopher Tolkien			1991-11-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780261103252	The Lord of the rings	John Ronald Reuel Tolkien			2000	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007280599	TALES FROM THE PERILOUS REALM,ROVERANDOM AND OTHER CLASSIC FAERY STORIES	J R R Tolkien&Alan Lee		Available for the first time in one volume, this is the definitive collection of Tolkien's five acclaimed modern classic 'fairie' tales in the vein of 'The Hobbit', fully corrected and reset for this edition and all beautifully illustrated in pencil by the award-winning artist, Alan Lee.The five tales are written with the same skill, quality and charm that made The Hobbit a classic. Largely overlooked because of their short lengths, they are finally together in a volume which reaffirms Tolkien's place as a master storyteller for readers young and old.' Roverandom is a toy dog who, enchanted by a sand sorcerer, gets to explore the world and encounter strange and fabulous creatures. ' Farmer Giles of Ham is fat and unheroic, but - having unwittingly managed to scare off a short-sighted giant - is called upon to do battle when a dragon comes to town; ' The Adventures of Tom Bombadil tells in verse of Tom's many adventures with hobbits, princesses, dwarves and trolls; ' Leaf by Niggle recounts the strange adventures of the painter Niggle who sets out to paint the perfect tree; ' Smith of Wootton Major journeys to the Land of Faery thanks to the magical ingredients of the Great Cake of the Feast of Good Children.This new collection is fully illustrated throughout by Oscar-winning artist, Alan Lee, who provides a wealth of pencil drawings to bring the stories to life as he did so memorably for The Hobbit and The Children of Hrin. Alan also provides an Afterword, in which he opens the door into illustrating Tolkien's world.World-renowned Tolkien author and expert, Tom Shippey, takes the reader through the hidden links in the tales to Tolkien's Middle-earth in his Introduction, and recounts their history and themes.Lastly, included as an appendix is Tolkien's most famous essay, "On Fairy-stories", in which he brilliantly discusses fairy-stories and their relationship to fantasy.Taken together, this rich collection of new and unknown work from the author of The Children of Hrin will provide the reader with a fascinating journey into lands as wild and strange as Middle-earth.	2009-04-24	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007148387	War and peace,original version	Leo Tolstoy&Leo Tolstoy (graf)&Andrew Bromfield		A new version ''" the one Tolstoy originally intended, but has been hitherto unpublished ''" of Russia's most famous novel; with a different ending, fewer digressions and an altered view of Napoleon ''" it's time to look afresh at one of the world's favourite books. 'War and Peace' is a masterpiece ''" a panoramic portrait of Russian society and its descent into the Napoleonic Wars which for over a century has inspired reverential devotion among its readers. This new version is certain to provoke controversy and devotion in equal measures. A 'first draft' of the epic version known to all, it was completed in 1866 but never published. A closely guarded secret for a century and a half, the unveiling of the original version of 'War and Peace', with an ending different to that we all know, is of huge significance to students of Tolstoy. But it is also sure to prove fascinating to the general reader who will find it an invigorating and absorbing read. Free of the solemn philosophical wanderings, the drama and tragedy of this sweeping tale is reinforced. His characters remain central throughout, emphasising their own personal journeys, their loves and passions, their successes and failures and their own personal tragedies. 500 pages shorter, this is historical fiction at its most vivid and vital, and readers will marvel anew at Tolstoy's unique ability to conjure the lives and souls of Russia and the Russians in all their glory. For devotees who long for more, for those who struggled and didn't quite make it to the end, or for those who have always wanted to know what all the fuss is about, this is essential reading.	2007-03-29	Harper Perennial						ZZZ000000
9780007206278	Christmas	Tom Tractor		A very Merry Christmas from Tractor Tom and everyone at Springhill Farm! Now you can celebrate along with your favourite little red tractor! Inside this fun-packed book there's so much to make and do! ? Make your own sparkly Christmas cards ? Pictures to colour and decorate ? Puzzles, games and quizzes ? Christmas fun and party ideas ? 200 super-sparkly stickers!	2005	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007199334	Come Back, Dusty	Andrew Brenner&Tractor-Tom		It's bath day for Dusty, but she really doesn't want a wash. It's up to Tom to catch her and bring her home. Afraid of getting soap in her eyes, poor Dusty just won't stay still long enough to have a wash. She leads Tom and Buzz around the farm as they try to catch her, getting them into all kinds of scrapes.	2005	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007176304	O'Hara's choice	Leon Uris			2004-08-02	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007283590	The Ant Colony	Jenny Valentine			2009-03-13	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007283620	Iggy and Me 01	Jenny Valentine		The first of a new series of young fiction by Jenny Valentine, winner of the Guardian Childrens Fiction Prize for her debut novel, Finding Violet Park.IGGY AND ME is a series of family stories featuring the mishaps and shenanigans of the irrepressible 5-year-old Iggy as seen through the eyes of her big sister Flo.Funny and endearing, each chapter is a complete and satisfying story in its own right, perfect for newly-confident readers to enjoy alone, or for reading aloud at bedtime.Illutrated throughout in with black & white line drawings by Joe Berger, who was nominated for the Booktrust Early Years Award for his picture book, Bridget Fidget.	2009-10-15	Harper Collins Publ. UK						JUV000000
9788172237554	A Journey Interrupted: Being Indian In Pakistan	Farzana Versey		'You Need To Be Deported,' Said The Retired Army General. What Follows Is Not Deportation But The Beginning Of An Exploration. An Exploration That Is Nuanced By The Identity Of The Narrator: An Indian Muslim Woman Travelling Alone In A Space Notoriously Difficult To Negotiate, Vis--Vis Its History And Politics. From Travelling In The Cockpit Of The Pia Aircraft To Having The Door Shut In Her Face By A Born-Again Nationalist To Attending Parties In Perfumed Salons To Examining The Minorities; From Being Treated As A Philistine To Engaging In Enlivening Conversations With Those Who Had To Pay The Price For Dissent, The Author Attempts To Understand What It Means To Live In Pakistan Today. In The Course Of Her Journey, At Times Interrupted, Through The Cities Of Karachi, Islamabad, Lahore And Peshawar, Farzana Versey Finds Herself Struggling With Her Own Identity 'When I Was On The Soil Of The Land Of The Pure, My Impurity Struck Me. I Was The Emotional Mulatto,' She Writes. A Journey Interrupted Is Not Your Conventional Travelogue. In The Vignettes The Author Weaves Together, Of Living And Travelling In A Complex Society, The Personal Becomes The Political. And The Picture That Emerges Is Of A Changing Nation With A Unique Mix Of Religious Tradition And Barely-In-Check Liberalism. In These Times Of Political And Social Unrest In Pakistan, This Is A Timely Book One That Delves Into The Pakistani Mind And Traces The Chasms In Its Recent History.	2008	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007205776	Crown of Dust	Mary Volmer		A powerful story of friendship, love and betrayal, from a fantastic new voice. In a high mountain valley, a group of disparate characters have set up a rudimentary community, held together by the formidable Emaline, hostess of the wayside inn. It is there that Alex, on the run from something, concealed under a false identity, finds refuge but that arrival brings dramatic change to Motherlode. In the small settlement, no one asks questions about where you have come from or who you are. They all know each other's virtues and vices: the rules are few and their own justice swift, an Eden of a sort. But then Alex, who has discovered fellowship for the first time, finds a large gold nugget and with that one lucky strike, gold fever hits, everyone becomes a gold digger and outsiders of all kinds pour in. Houses, stores and streets replace the tents and mud paths. Wives, preachers, lawmen come to town and try to impose their order, their form of society on what they perceive as a lawless, godless communityand the past catches up with Alex. So will the community betray their Golden Boy? Will Alex's true identity be discovered? Will the prejudice now present in the town be able to destroy Emaline and the rich spirit of her inn? Can Motherlode survive its gold rush?	2006-07-03	HarperCollins Canada, Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007260805	Halliwell's film, video & DVD guide 2008	John Walker&David Gritten		This is the undisputed bible for film enthusiasts and trivia buffs everywherea must-have for every moviegoer. Long established as the first and last word in movie-going information, this guide promises to be as cutting edge as it is comprehensive. Fully revised and updated to include hundreds of new films, this is the longest running guide to the film industry, and is packed with cast and credit information and pithy commentary on the classics of the silver screen, the latest blockbusters, and everything in between. This beautifully designed, perennially entertaining, comprehensive, and indispensable guide includes plot synopses and evaluations, video cassette, laser disc, and DVD availability. Plus reader-friendly icons denote films suitable for family viewing, Academy Award winners and nominees, soundtrack availability, and video format compatibility, and lists four- and three-star films by title and year.	2008	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007243402	Silly Songs	HarperCollins Children's Books		A wacky word game to play everywhere! Create your own hilarious songs by filling in the blanks with crazy words. Includes 100 songs to fill with fun. All you need is a pencil and your imagination and the nonsense is all yours. Play by yourself or with all your friends, this bonkers word game will keep you entertained for hours.	2007-09-01	HarperCollins UK						ZZZ000000
9780007284313	Best Friends	Hongying Yang		Chinese boys can be Horrid too! Join in the fun as Mo-Shen Ma and his mischievous father run riot through school and home. There's no trouble they can't get into - or out of' Every book in the Mo's Mischief series is packed with hilarious adventures - and a unique insight into modern Chinese life. Lately, Mo has been hanging around with the prettiest girl in school. But hasn't Mo learned his lesson? Talking to girls always leads to trouble'!	2008-08-04	Collins Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780007134175	Jason and the Gorgon's blood	Jane Yolen&Robert J. Harris			2004-06-07	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007203000	Anna and the Black Night - Incorporating Anna's Book	Fynn	Paperback	This sequel also includes the full text of Anna's Book, reproductions of her own letters and writings. Her artless and transparent conversations speak to the heart and are recorded using her own unique and colourful spellings. The book is again illustrated throughout with Papas's unequalled drawings.	April 2005	HarperCollins	320	English	 	 	1	BIO000000
9780007300211	Monsters vs Aliens - Colouring Activity							English				ZZZ000000
9781722350031	HOW TO GAIN AN EXTRA HOUR EVERY DAY							English				ZZZ000000
9780007341306	Collins Express English Dictionary Gift							English				ZZZ000000
9780007341818	Collins Junior Dictionary PB Ratna Sagar							English				ZZZ000000
9780007309597	COLLINS POCKET ENGLISH DICTIONARY 7TH ED							English				ZZZ000000
9788172235949	AGE OF CONSENT							English				ZZZ000000
9780007255986	TMNT MOVIE COLLECTION ZIPLOC BAG							English				ZZZ000000
9780007778676	COLLINS INSTANT FACT MODERN WLD HISTORY							English				ZZZ000000
9788172235130	DALAI LAMA'S BOOK OF TRANSFORMATION							English				ZZZ000000
9780007276622	RUBBISH BOYFRIENDS							English				ZZZ000000
9780007778621	COLLINS INSTANT FACTS MATHS							English				ZZZ000000
9780007272877	YOU CANT AFFORD LUXURY OF A -VE THOUGHT							English				ZZZ000000
9780007248278	SHREK THE THIRD A GOOD KING TO FIND							English				ZZZ000000
9780007778669	COLLINS INSTANT FACTS GEOGRAPHY							English				ZZZ000000
9780007263042	SPIDER-MAN 3 THE MOVIE NOVEL							English				ZZZ000000
9780007264596	ART OF RACING IN THE RAIN							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794379	COLLINS EASY LEARNING FIRST PHONICS 3-5							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794355	COLLINS EASY LEARNING WRITING AGE 3-5							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794287	COLLINS EASY LEARNING HANDWRITE PRAC 5-7							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794362	COLLINS EASY LEARNING READ & RHYME 3-5							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794294	COLLINS EASY LEARNING SPELLING PRAC 5-7							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794386	COLLINS EASY LEARNING  ABC AGE 3-5							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794164	COLLINS EASY LEARNING ENGLISH AGE 4-5							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794249	COLLINS EASY LEARNING ENGLISH AGE 7-8							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794232	COLLINS EASY LEARNING ENGLISH AGE 8-9							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794263	COLLINS EASY LEARNING ENGLISH AGE 5-6							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794256	COLLINS EASY LEARNING ENGLISH AGE 6-7							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794225	COLLINS EASY LEARNING ENGLISH AGE 9-10							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794393	COLLINS EASY LEARNING SIZE & MEASURE 3-5							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794331	COLLINS EASY LEARNING COUNTING AGE 3-5							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794195	COLLINS EASY LEARNING MATHS AGE 6-7							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794478	COLLINS EASY LEARNING MATHS AGE 8-9							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794348	COLLINS EASY LEARNING NUMBERS AGE 3-5							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794201	COLLINS EASY LEARNING MATHS AGE 5-6							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794270	COLLINS EASY LEARNING SHAPES,COLOURS 3-5							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794218	COLLINS EASY LEARNING MATHS AGE 4-5							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794188	COLLINS EASY LEARNING MATHS AGE 7-8							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794171	COLLINS EASY LEARNING MATHS AGE 9-10							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794324	COLLINS EASY LEARNING TIME TABLE PRA 5-7							English				ZZZ000000
9780007794300	COLLINS EASY LEARNING COUNTING PRAC 5-7							English				ZZZ000000
9780007307395	HOUSEHOLD GUIDE TO DYING - INDIAN EDITIO	Adelaide Debra						English				ZZZ000000
9780007200528	LOST CITY RADIO	Alarcon, Daniel						English				ZZZ000000
9788172235505	THROUGH THE CORRIDORS OF POWER	Alexander, P.c						English				ZZZ000000
9780007241170	INES OF MY SOUL TPB	Allende, Isabel						English				ZZZ000000
9780007257393	INES OF MY SOUL PB	Allende, Isabel						English				ZZZ000000
9780007361595	COMPLETE ROBOT	Asimov, Isaac						English				ZZZ000000
9780007361601	COMPLETE SHORT STORIES - I	Asimov, Isaac						English				ZZZ000000
9780007200726	INVINCIBILITY TRAINING	Barefoot-doctor						English				ZZZ000000
9780007272853	RETURN FROM HEAVEN	Bowman, Carol						English				ZZZ000000
9780007312191	UNDERCOVER - AVON	Bradbury Luke						English				ZZZ000000
9780007355624	WUTHERING HEIGHTS	Bronte, Emily						English				ZZZ000000
9780007310630	PEOPLE OF THE BOOK - INDIAN EDITION	Brooks, Geraldine						English				ZZZ000000
9780007195749	SACRED CAUSES	Burleigh, Michael						English				ZZZ000000
9780007246366	WAY WE WERE REMEMBERING DIANA	Burrell, Paul						English				ZZZ000000
9780007301676	SUCCESS PRINCIPLES: HOW TO GET FROM	Canfield, Jack						English				ZZZ000000
9780007277728	ANTIBIOTIC CRISIS	Chaitow, Leon						English				ZZZ000000
9780007277735	DIABETES CURE	Cherewatenko, Vern S.						English				ZZZ000000
9780007148165	WISDOM OF NO ESCAPE	Chodron, Pema						English				ZZZ000000
9780007148172	START WHERE YOU ARE	Chodron, Pema						English				ZZZ000000
9780007183500	PLACES THAT SCARE YOU NEW ED.	Chodron, Pema						English				ZZZ000000
9780007190621	START WHERE YOU ARE NEW ED.	Chodron, Pema						English				ZZZ000000
9780007183517	WHEN THINGS FALL APART NEW ED.	Chodron, Pema						English				ZZZ000000
9780071192712	MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR AT STYLES	Christie, Agatha						English				ZZZ000000
9780007340590	RED STORM RISING	Clancy, Tom						English				ZZZ000000
9780007220267	COLLINS NEW PRIMARY MATHS PUPIL BOOK 3B	Clarke, Peter						English				ZZZ000000
9780007341139	Collins Cobuild Learner illustrated PB	Collins-cobuild						English				ZZZ000000
9780007229741	COLLINS EASY LEARNING FRENCH CONVERSATON	Collins-dictionary						English				ZZZ000000
9780007224265	COLLINS PORTUGUESE DICTIONARY	Collins-Dictionary						English				ZZZ000000
9780007260539	COLLINS ITALIAN DICTIONARY & GRAMMAR	Collins-dictionary						English				ZZZ000000
9780007224395	COLLINS LATIN DICT & GRAMMER	Collins-dictionary						English				ZZZ000000
9780007183708	COLLINS EXPRESS DICTIONARY & THESAURUS	Collins-dictionary-and-thesaurus						English				ZZZ000000
9780007246755	COLLINS GEM TURKISH PHRASE BK NEW ED.	Collins-gem						English				ZZZ000000
9780007246809	COLLINS GEM KOREAN PHRASE BOOK	Collins-gem						English				ZZZ000000
9780007193295	COLLINS NEED TO KNOW SPEAK FRENCH	Collins-phrasebook						English				ZZZ000000
9780007193318	COLLINS NEED TO KNOW SPEAK ITALIAN	Collins-phrasebook						English				ZZZ000000
9780006473244	SHARPES BATTLE	Cornwell, Bernard						English				ZZZ000000
9780007242542	COLLINS DAILY CANDY A TO Z HB	Daily-candy						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238711	Darling Ji - Hindi	Desai Kishwar						English				ZZZ000000
9788172234744	CABINET SECRETARY LOOKS BACK	Deshmukh, B.g						English				ZZZ000000
9780007263127	HOLY BIBLE	English-standard-version						English				ZZZ000000
9780007309559	SCANDALOUS MAN - INDIAN EDITION	Esler Gavin						English				ZZZ000000
9780007266579	MOTOR MOUTH	Evanovich, Janet						English				ZZZ000000
9780006550457	LIBERTY OR DEATH	French, Patrick						English				ZZZ000000
9788172237530	MARCH, MA AUR SAKURA	Geetanjali Shree						English				ZZZ000000
9780007175175	THIDWICK BIG HEARTED MOOSE	Geisel, Theodore ?Dr. S						English				ZZZ000000
9798172235276	MS A LIFE IN MUSIC	George, T.J.S.						English				ZZZ000000
9780007326761	BAD SCIENCE	Goldacre, Ben						English				ZZZ000000
9780007276004	JUMPER:GRIFFIN'S STORY	Gould, Steven						English				ZZZ000000
9780007273041	PRINCIPLES OF AYURVEDA	Green, Anne						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238797	Teji aur Rustam ki Kavetayein	Grover Teji						English				ZZZ000000
9788172234553	JATAKMALA	Haksar.an.d						English				ZZZ000000
9780007273126	PRINCIPLES OF PAST LIFE THERAPY	Hall, Judy						English				ZZZ000000
9780007273034	PRINCIPLES OF ASTROLOGY	Harvey, Charles						English				ZZZ000000
9780007251704	FINE NIGHT FOR DYING A	Higgins, Jack						English				ZZZ000000
9780007131518	SPIRIT OF PEACE	His-holiness-the-dalai-lama						English				ZZZ000000
9780007137534	SAHIB	Holmes, Richard						English				ZZZ000000
9780007264360	MONSTER BOOK OF MANGA THE	Ikari-studio						English				ZZZ000000
9780007802791	BEST CHILDREN SERIES : MY DADDY	Jobling, Curtis						English				ZZZ000000
9780007309771	LIVES OF CHRISTOPHER CHANT	Jones Diana Wynn						English				ZZZ000000
9780007309788	MIXED MAGIC RE-ISSUE - INDIAN EDITION	Jones Diana Wynn						English				ZZZ000000
9780007309764	WITCH WEEK - INDIAN EDITION	Jones Diana Wynn						English				ZZZ000000
9780007309757	MAGICIAN'S OF CAPRONA - INDIAN EDITION	Jones Diana Wynn						English				ZZZ000000
9780007309801	PINHOE EGG THE	Jones Diana Wynn						English				ZZZ000000
9780007309795	CONRAD'S FATE RE-ISSUE - INDIAN EDITION	Jones Diana Wynn						English				ZZZ000000
9788172237509	INDIA TAKE AWAY	Kohli, Hardeep Sing						English				ZZZ000000
9780007251513	FOREVER ODD	Koontz, Dean						English				ZZZ000000
9780007251551	ODD THOMAS - PB	Koontz, Dean						English				ZZZ000000
9780007279173	HERBAL DEFENCE :AGAINST ILLNESS & AGEING	Landis, Robyn						English				ZZZ000000
9780007264032	GUARDIANS OF GA HOOLE : THE SHATTERING	Lasky, Kathryn						English				ZZZ000000
9780007264025	GUARDIANS OF GA HOOLE : THE SIEGE	Lasky, Kathryn						English				ZZZ000000
9788172237424	NARNIA HINDI CHANDI KEE KURSI	Lewis, Gwyneth						English				ZZZ000000
9788172234945	HOW TO GET RICH USING THE POWER OF YOUR	Lorayne, H						English				ZZZ000000
9780007272747	EMOTIONAL HEALING IN MINUTES	Lynch, Valerie						English				ZZZ000000
9780007272815	YOU CAN'T WIN A FIGHT WITH YOUR BOSS	Markert, Tom						English				ZZZ000000
9780007360383	LOVE IS HELL	Marr, Melissa						English				ZZZ000000
9780007323975	BAD THINGS	Marshall, Michael						English				ZZZ000000
9780007144655	TWO OF A KIND LIKES ME	Mary-kate And Ashley						English				ZZZ000000
9780007297047	M K & ASHLEY TOK (13)WAR OF WARDROBES	Mary-kate And Ashley						English				ZZZ000000
9780007297054	M K & A TOK (5)TO SNOOP OR NOT TO SNOOP	Mary-kate And Ashley						English				ZZZ000000
9780007297061	M K & ASHLEY TOK (28)DREAM DATE DEBATE	Mary-kate And Ashley						English				ZZZ000000
9780007297078	M K & ASHLEY TOK (30) MAKING A SPLASH	Mary-kate And Ashley						English				ZZZ000000
9780007297108	M K & ASHLEY SWEET 16 (17) FORGET ME NOT	Mary-kate And Ashley						English				ZZZ000000
9780007148813	SWEET SIXTEEN THE PERFECT SUMMER	Mary-kate And Ashley						English				ZZZ000000
9780007296972	M K & ASHLEY SWEET 16 (2)WISHES & DREAMS	Mary-kate And Ashley						English				ZZZ000000
9780007298372	M K & ASHLEY TOK (29) LOVE SET MATCH	Mary-kate And Ashley						English				ZZZ000000
9780007180981	M K & A SWEET 16(06)MY BEST FRND BOYFRND	Mary-kate And Ashley						English				ZZZ000000
9780007212712	RESURRECTIONIST	Mcgee, James						English				ZZZ000000
9780007277742	ASTHMA FREE NATURALLY	McKeown, Patrick						English				ZZZ000000
9780007258864	SURVIVAL OF THE SICKEST	Moalem, Dr Sharon						English				ZZZ000000
9780007312016	BUTTERFLY LION - INDIAN EDITION	Morpurgo, Michael						English				ZZZ000000
9780007258321	PRINCE CASPIAN COLRNG & ACTVTY BK FILM T	Movie-tie-in						English				ZZZ000000
9780007258369	PRINCE CASPIAN LUCY'S JOURNEY FILM TIE	Movie-tie-in						English				ZZZ000000
9780007300228	MONSTERS VS ALIENS I CAN READ 1	Movie-Tie-In						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238964	Musharraf - PB	Murtaza Razvi						English				ZZZ000000
9780007272716	HOW TO READ A PERSON LIKE A BOOK	Nierenberg, Gerald						English				ZZZ000000
9780007175260	AN INTRODUCTION TO NLP	O'connor, Joseph/mcdermott, Ian						English				ZZZ000000
9780007247448	PENGUINS							English				ZZZ000000
9780007251780	ALONG CAME A SPIDER	Patterson, James						English				ZZZ000000
9780007251815	KISS THE GIRL	Patterson, James						English				ZZZ000000
9780007231041	MOVING OUT BAND 17 DIAMOND	Prue, Sally						English				ZZZ000000
9780007290826	DIARY OF A JETSETTING CALL GIRL	Quan, Tracy						English				ZZZ000000
9788172234669	PRAN A BIOGRAPHY	Reuben, B						English				ZZZ000000
9780007789849	LITTLE PRINCESS 10 GRIPLOCK BAG	Ross, Tony						English				ZZZ000000
9788172239077	WHEN KULBHUSHAN MET STOCKLI	Roy Anindya						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238810	Iben Safi - Jungle mein Lash	Safi Iben						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238803	Iben Safi - Diler Mujrim	Safi Iben						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238865	Iben Safi - Chaalbaaz Boorha	Safi Iben						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238858	Iben Safi - Kuen ka Raaz	Safi Iben						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238827	Iben Safi - Aurat Farosh ka Hatyara	Safi Iben						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238872	Iben Safi - Nakli Naak	Safi Iben						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238834	Iben Safi - Tijori Ka Rahasya	Safi Iben						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238841	Iben Safi - Fareedi aur Leonard	Safi Iben						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238896	Iben Safi - Imran Series- Chattanon mein	SAFI, IBEN						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238940	Iben Safi - Imran Series- Saapon ke	SAFI, IBEN						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238902	Iben Safi - Imran Series- Bahurupiya	SAFI, IBEN						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238926	Iben Safi - Imran Series- Jahannum ki	SAFI, IBEN						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238889	Iben Safi - Imran Series- Khaunak Imarat	SAFI, IBEN						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238933	Iben Safi - Imran Series- Neele Parindey	SAFI, IBEN						English				ZZZ000000
9788172238919	Iben Safi - Imran Series- Khauf Ka	SAFI, IBEN						English				ZZZ000000
9788172235697	SHADOW OF THE GREAT GAME	Sarila, Narendra Singh						English				ZZZ000000
9780007242887	MAXED OUT HARD TIMES EASY CREDIT TPB	Scurlock, James						English				ZZZ000000
9780007247868	DR. SEUSS POCKET LIBRARY	Seuss, Dr						English				ZZZ000000
9780007358809	Demonata Series - Dark Calling	Shan Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9780007358779	Demonata Series - Demon Apocalypse	Shan Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9780007358731	Demonata Series - Demon Theif	Shan Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9780007358755	Demonata Series - BEC	Shan Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9780007358786	Demonata Series - Death's Shadow	Shan Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9780007358762	Demonata Series - Blood Beast	Shan Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9780007358748	Demonata Series - Slawter	Shan Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9780007358724	Demonata - Lord loss	Shan Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9780007358793	Demonata Series - Wolf Island	Shan Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9780007255719	KILLERS OF THE DAWN	Shan, Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9780007255665	VAMPIRE S ASSISTANT THE	Shan, Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9780007307524	PROCESSION OF THE DEAD - INDIAN EDITION	Shan, Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9780007255795	VAMPIRE MOUNTAIN	Shan, Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9780007255801	TRIALS OF DEATH	Shan, Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9780007255672	TUNNELS OF BLOOD	Shan, Darren						English				ZZZ000000
9788172236632	UMRAO JAN ADA PB	Singh, Khushwant						English				ZZZ000000
9788172235054	MALICIOUS GOSSIP	Singh, Khushwant						English				ZZZ000000
9798172234705	WOMEN AND MEN IN MY LIFE	Singh, Kushwant						English				ZZZ000000
9798172235061	MORE MALICIOUS GOSSIP	Singh, Kushwant						English				ZZZ000000
9780007232840	MARTIN BEC MAN WHO WENT UP IN SMOKE PB	Sjowall, Maj/wahloo, Per						English				ZZZ000000
9780007242931	MARTIN BECK SERIES MAN ON THE BALCONY	Sjowall, Maj/wahloo, Per						English				ZZZ000000
9780007242948	MARTIN BECK LAUGHING POLICEMAN	Sjowall, Maj/wahloo, Per						English				ZZZ000000
9780007242986	MARTIN BECK SERIES : THE LOCKED ROOM	Sjowall, Maj/wahloo, Per						English				ZZZ000000
9780007242979	MARTIN BECK SERIES : THE ABOMINABLE MAN	Sjowall, Maj/wahloo, Per						English				ZZZ000000
9780007242962	MARTIN BECK SERIES MURDER AT THE SAVOY	Sjowall, Maj/wahloo, Per						English				ZZZ000000
9780007242955	MARTIN BECK FIRE ENGINE THAT DISAPPEARED	Sjowall, Maj/wahloo, Per						English				ZZZ000000
9780007242993	MARTIN BECK SERIES-COP KILLER	Sjowall, Maj/wahloo, Per						English				ZZZ000000
9780007243006	MARTIN BECK SERIES- THE TERRORISTS	Sjowall, Maj/wahloo, Per						English				ZZZ000000
9780007251360	NIGHTMARE ROOM : THE HOWLER	Stine, R. L.						English				ZZZ000000
9780007179091	LOOP PB	Suzuki, Koji						English				ZZZ000000
9780007203598	TWO TOWERS 50TH ANNIV.	Tolkien, J R R						English				ZZZ000000
9788172235499	LOVE AND LUST	Varma,p.k & Mulchanda						English				ZZZ000000
9780007273119	PRINCIPLES OF PALMISTRY	Verner-Bonds, Lilian						English				ZZZ000000
9780007412709	Anna And The Black Knight	Fynn	Paperback			Harper Collins UK		English				ZZZ000000
9789350290026	Battle For Bittora	Anuja Chauhan	Paperback	Twenty-five-year-old Jinni lives in Mumbai, works in a hip animation studio and is perfectly happy with her carefree and independent existence. Until her bossy grandmother shows up and announces that it is Jinni s 'duty' to drop everything and come and contest the upcoming Lok Sabha elections from their sleepy hometown, Bittora. Of course Jinni swears she won't. But she soon ends up swathed in cotton saris and frumpy blouses, battling prickly heat, corruption and accusations of nymphomania as candidate Sarojini Pande, a daughter of the illustrious Pande dynasty of Pavit Pradesh. And if life isn t fun enough already, her main opposition turns out to be Bittora ex-royal, Zain Altaf Khan   an irritatingly idealistic though undeniably lustworthy individual with whom Jinni shares a complicated history <br>Enlivened by Chauhan s characteristic brand of wicked humour and sexy romanticism, this is a rollicking new tale of young India.	2010	Haper Collins	432	English				FIC000000
9789350290255	Mice In Men	Anirban Bose	Paperback		2010	HarperCollins	212	English				FIC000000
