9780875843179	The information mosaic	Sharon M. McKinnon&William J. Bruns		Modern managers are described as continually seeking, receiving, processing, and disseminating information. This book provides an eye-opening report on exactly what types of information managers want and need to make their decisions. In addition, it explains where and how managers actually get this information. The authors' research shows that many of accountants' most cherished reports are of marginal value; that PCs and data networks are expensive and underutilize capital assets in many settings; and that managers are getting their really important information from unexpected sources.	1992	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875841861	Accounting & management,field study perspectives	William J. Bruns&Robert S. Kaplan		As organizations become more complex and more decentralized, the demand for relevant management accounting information increases. Accounting and Management explores the problems faced by companies as they attempt to modernize their management accounting systems. The book consists of thirteen essays, by leading scholars, on the actual needs and applications of accounting information in modern businesses. It examines how companies such as Weyerhaeuser, Johnson and Johnson, and Hewlett-Packard have designed new control systems and provided new directions for measuring product costs and managerial performance.	1987	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875842547	Relevance lost,the rise and fall of management accounting	H. Thomas Johnson&Robert S. Kaplan		Relevance Lost is an overview of the evolution of management accounting in American business, from textile mills in the 1880s and the giant railroad, steel, and retail corporations, to today's environment of global competition and computer-automated manufacturers. The book shows that modern corporations must work toward designing new management accounting systems that will assist managers more fully in their long-term planning. Winner of the American Accounting Association's Deloitte Haskins & Sells/Wildman Award Medal. Also available in hardcover; ISBN 0875841384, $32.00.	1991	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9781578512324	Inside Chinese business,a guide for managers worldwide	Ming-Jer Chen		This work gives guidance to help managers navigate the customs and practices that support Chinese businesses. It offers suggestions for resolving rifts between Eastern and Western ways of doing business with emphasis on cultural roots, the history, philosophy and language of the Chinese. Topics covered include: family businesses, business families; networking and guanxi; Chinese social and business roles; negotiating from start to finish...and beyond.	2001	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875846132	The engine that could,seventy-five years of values-driven change at Cummins Engine Company	Jeffrey L. Cruikshank&David B. Sicilia&Cummins Engine Company		The rise of Cummins Engine Company from a tiny Indiana machine shop to one of the world's leading producers of diesel engines is a story rich with lessons for today's managers. By responding to challenges familiar to all American manufacturers with a tough competitive stance and a uniquely people-centered philosophy, Cummins has carved out a distinctive position in the international industrial landscape. From its early days with charismatic founder Clessie Cummins to its continued proud independence in an age of hostile takeovers, Cummins has done business with confidence and creativity. This vivid book depicts the tough choices--often with enormous consequences--that must be made by successful managers.	1997	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875845692	Starting over in Eastern Europe,entrepreneurship and economic renewal	Simon Johnson&Gary Loveman		How will Poland and its neighbors transform their economies after communism? Contrary to traditional wisdom, the authors argue that new private business--rather than restructured state enterprises--will be the main engine of economic renewal throughout the region. Case studies from Poland's shipbuilding, clothing, consulting, food, banking, and publishing industries contrast strategic successes and failures and illustrate the tremendous energy and potential of a rising entrepreneurial class. Ultimately, the authors suggest, reallocation of resources via the creation of new businesses will be the key to sustained domestic growth and international competitiveness for post-communist countries.	1995	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875847252	Cutting edge,Gillette's journey to global leadership	Gordon McKibben		The Gillette Company has literally defined the world shaving market since its founding in 1901 by legendary salesman and inventor King Camp Gillette. But more than that, Gillette serves as a model for today's managers of how to maintain a commitment to innovation, how to advertise creatively against competitors, and above all, how to translate a consistent vision of global growth into superior results in the world marketplace. Drawing on extensive interviews with Gillette insiders and executives on three continents, with particular emphasis on the company's recent past, Cutting Edge chronicles the successes, failures, and watershed moments in the evolution of a global powerhouse. From the creation of the first disposable double-edge blade, through the bitter fight for survival against Wall Street's hostile raiders of the 80s, to its success in the new and emerging markets of Eastern Europe and Asia, to the ongoing development of innovative products, Gillette emerges as a company that has leveraged revolutionary product design with shrewd marketing skill into a premier worldwide enterprise.	1998-02-15	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875845104	Trade-offs,negotiating the Omnibus Trade and Competitiveness Act	Susan Carol Schwab		At a time when managing in a global economy demands an understanding of - and often involvement in - the public policy debate about trade, a clear-headed, in-depth analysis of how the United States really makes trade policy is long overdue.In Trade-Offs, Susan C. Schwab fills the gap with an insider's account of the people, events, and institutions that shaped the Omnibus Trade and Competitiveness Act of 1988, one of the most significant trade laws of our time. Trade-Offs is a remarkable case study of "how Washington works," written by a trade-policy veteran uniquely qualified to be our guide. It also makes an important contribution to policy theory with its innovative conceptual framework for understanding U.S. trade legislation.The Omnibus Trade Act set the stage for NAFTA and the GATT talks and dictated the terms of their approval by Congress. It is also the law that ultimately triggered fundamental debates both on fast-track legislation and on Super 301 and its use of the U.S. market as leverage against major foreign barriers. The most authoritative and sweeping trade law in a generation, The Omnibus Trade Act will drive U.S. policy and affect international business interests into the twenty-first century. As the first major trade law since Smoot-Hawley to be drafted primarily in the Congress instead of the executive, it may also mark the end of an era in U.S. trade policy.Following the legislation from the House Ways and Means Committee to the Senate Finance Committee and then on to joint conference, a near-derailment, and back, Schwab's case study meticulously illustrates the web of political, economic, and structural forces that shaped the bill and ultimately made it law. Trade-Offs chronicles the struggle for control over trade policy between Congress and the Reagan administration; tracks the positions and influence of business, labor, and the media; and illuminates the roles of key players such as Lloyd Bentsen, Dan Rostenkowski, and James Baker.Trade-Offs closes with an insightful look at the future of U.S. trade policy and offers benchmarks for business leaders and policy analysts alike to interpret it. By placing the Omnibus Trade Act in its historical context, Schwab finds that while the law did not reverse the traditional dominance by a market-oriented elite over U.S. trade policy, it did help create a policymaking environment far more vulnerable to special interest manipulation than at any time since 1930. Whether that policy is ultimately "free trade" or "protectionist," Schwab concludes, is not preordained and will depend largely on the economic philosophies of those engaged in the very human process of creating it.	1994	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875848587	New world, new rules,the changing role of the American corporation	Marina von Neumann Whitman		Throughout much of the twentieth century, the American corporation was looked to as a bedrock of stability and security, a benevolent institution whose power and influence was a trusted force in business and society alike. For better or worse, this corporation no longer exists. The intensified competition produced by globalization, deregulation, and information technology, along with slowed growth and economic flux, have profoundly altered corporate America's relationship with employees, shareholders, communities, government, and society. New World, New Rules is a compelling chronicle of the American corporation's changing role, as well as a perceptive look at what these changes mean for both business and public policy. Author Marina Whitman shares both personal experiences and in-depth research from her distinguished career as a business leader, government adviser, teacher, and influential corporate strategist. One of the first women appointed to a major corporate board, a former vice president at General Motors, and a former member of the President's Council of Economic Advisers, Whitman is currently a director of five major multinational corporations and a renowned scholar of economics and public policy. Here is the remarkable account of what she has observed during a period of unprecedented business upheaval. As it surveys the uncertain new relationship between American business and American society, New World, New Rules challenges our companies and our government to consider new practices and policies that will contribute to corporate viability as well as to the health of American society.	1999	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9781578511853	World view,global strategies for the new economy	Jeffrey E. Garten		How to Globalize to Survive in the New EconomyAt a time in which globalization impacts corporate strategy as never before, corporate leaders are challenged to consider all the implications of a new global economy. Characterized by a myriad of competing forces, this new global economy is highlighted by unprecedented advances in technology of all kinds.With such unrelenting change blurring the view, corporate leaders need the benefit of the best thinking in order to focus on the right global strategies. World View offers just such thinking, featuring examples of strategies and best practices used by successful companies worldwide in moving toward global markets. In his introduction to this collection of Harvard Business Review articles, editor Jeffrey Garten pinpoints five emerging themes:* Operating in a global market requires CEOs to rethink every aspect of their strategies. * The best strategies require that organizations gather massive amounts of information and process it effectively. * Companies that succeed on a global scale are constant innovators, learning and implementing simultaneously. * Great global companies create cultures conducive to extensive internal and external collaboration and networking. * Radical change brings unprecedented opportunity to capture markets and enhance shareholder value.Seeing globalization through the eyes of leading thinkers and executives who have mastered its challenges, World View presents forward-thinking insights for corporate leaders determined to succeed in the always-new and uncertain global economy. A Harvard Business Review Book.	2000	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875847603	Commercializing new technologies,getting from mind to market	Vijay K. Jolly		The author tackles the issue of technology commercialization, characterizing it as a dynamic process that proceeds through five stages: 1) imagining, 2) incubating, 3) demonstrating, 4) promoting, and 5) sustaining. Contrary to traditional approaches, which emphasize a linear progression from research, through development, to engineering, production, and marketing, Jolly focuses on the benefits of an underlying dual insight, a commitment to scientific rigor and market orientation from the outset. From this perspective, he develops a framework for achieving successful technology commercialization by identifying the key functions, value outcomes, and stakeholders at each stage of the technology's evolution, and focusing on the resources required to progress from one stage to the next. Drawing on scores of case examples from a wide variety of industries, Jolly highlights both successful and unsuccessful attempts at technology commercialization, and makes the case for a new approach to R&D management based on specialization by stage rather than by function. In so doing, he explores the implications for managing technology investments over short- and long-term time horizons.	1997	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875844374	Emerging patterns of innovation,sources of Japan's technological edge	Fumio Kodama		The nature of technological innovation is such that no company or nation can remain dominant forever. What is more, according to Fumio Kodama, we are entering an unprecedented age of mutual learning. In order to leverage our collective knowledge, we must create a common language to describe the innovation process. Kodama makes an invaluable contribution to that learning in Emerging Patterns of Innovation, in which he applies rigorous scientific measurement, historical perspective, and in-depth case studies to outline a model for how Japanese high-tech firms manage innovation and devise their technology strategies. The result is an analysis from which companies-and governments-all over the world can draw enduring lessons.Kodama uses the concept of a techno-paradigm shift to express the radical changes in the way technology has been and continues to be developed, applied, and commercialized over time. In analyzing data gathered over ten years of intensive research and study of Japanese firms, he distinguishes six dimensions along which the shift is occurring: manufacturing, business diversification, R&D competition, product development, innovation pattern, and societal diffusion of technology. He illuminates his discussion of each dimension with a profile of specific technologies and the companies that have advanced them, including consumer electronics (Sony and Toshiba), fiber optic cables (Sumitomo Electric), computers and communications equipment (NEC), machine tools (Fanuc), and automobile parts (Honda, Toyota, and Nissan).Has Japan deliberately developed its social, political, and economic environments to enable the efficient generation, innovation, and diffusion of technologies to match the techno-paradigm shift? Kodama's empirical analysis suggests the opposite -- that the techno-paradigm shift, driven by rapid evolution in science and engineering, naturally favors the Japanese system. The concepts presented in Emerging Patterns of Innovation not only have implications for the competitive strategies of non-Japanese firms and the economic policies of their corresponding nations, but could also help promote important international alliances in technological development at both the business and the national levels. In particular, Kodama describes his vision of option sharing, through which it is possible to resolve the tensions between international cooperation and national autonomy as well as to promote a nonprotectionist, "plus-sum game" in technological innovation that would benefit the world as a whole. The Management of Innovation and Change Series.	1995	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9781578511051	Secrets of software success,management insights from 100 software firms around the world	Detlev J. Hoch		The software industry is the most powerful wealth creator in history. It's an industry of extreme success--unrivaled job creation, extraordinary growth, accelerated product cycles--but the failures can be just as spectacular. What can we learn from the winners? In Secrets of Software Success, the authors investigate the software industry's best practices in order to develop a complete picture of what it takes to build a thriving software business. Drawing on an exclusive worldwide survey of more than 100 global software companies and 450 top executives, Secrets of Software Success presents the first panoramic view of the conditions that influence results for both the product and the service sides of the software industry. In the highly readable and often provocative examples from well-known firms, the authors debunk many widely held-beliefs, and offer instead some surprisingly counterintuitive findings. Ultimately, say the authors, the secret to success lies in the details--the ability to choose from a range of key management decisions in order to balance the right set of actions at the right time to rapidly changing market conditions. With its universal lessons of competition, commitment, talent, and timing, Secrets of Software Success holds valuable answers to the questions asked by executives in every industry. Covering firms from Australia to Zimbabwe, it is the most in-depth picture to date of the conditions that surround success in the global software business.	2000	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875845609	Derivatives,a comprehensive resource for options, futures, interest rate swaps, and mortgage securities	Fred D. Arditti		The growth of derivative markets during the past decade has been nothing short of astounding and so, of late, has been the misunderstanding of their use. This book is the definitive resource on derivatives. It is the first to explain all four major classes of derivative instruments - options, futures, interest rate swaps, and mortgage securities - in terms of their market structure, applications, and pricing, with a focus on the valuation methods used most commonly by professional market participants. Unlike most treatments of derivatives, this book offers detailed explanations of the institutional procedure and market practice for each class of derivative as well as the pricing and hedging of mortgage-backed securities and the central role of prepayment in both activities. It also covers a wide variety of topics such as the structuring of CMOs, PACs, and TACs; smile option pricing; and pricing and hedging of long-dated swaps.	1996	Island Press						ZZZ000000
9781591391272	Expectations Investing,Reading Stock Prices for Better Returns	Alfred Rappaport&Michael J. Mauboussin		The beauty of expectations investing is that it harnesses the power of the market's own tried-and-true pricing model-discounted cash flow-without requiring difficult and often dubious long-term forecasting. Highly practical, this book provides a strategic framework and corresponding tools for using price-implied expectations.	2003	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875846705	Managerial excellence,McKinsey award winners from the Harvard business review, 1980-1994	Nan Stone&Rajat Gupta		Managerial Excellence presents some of the best ideas and practices of the past 15 years from the leading management voices of our time, including William J. Abernathy, Kim B. Clark, David A. Garvin, Charles Handy, Gary Hamel, Robert H. Hayes, James Moore, Michael Porter, C.K. Prahalad, James Brian Quinn, Wickham Skinner, and George Stalk, Jr. Since 1959, the McKinsey Foundation for Management Research has awarded prizes for the two best articles published each year in the Harvard Business Review. The pieces in this collection--all first place winners--are distinguished by their relevance to the real work of managers. From Hayes and Abernathy's Managing Our Way to Economic Decline in 1980 to Good Communication That Blocks Learning by Chris Argyris in 1994, these articles cover the gamut of strategic issues facing companies today and into the future. A Harvard Business Review Book.	1996	Island Press						ZZZ000000
9781578514410	The attention economy,understanding the new currency of business	Thomas H. Davenport&John C. Beck		Helps individuals and organizations understand how to effectively give and get attention, one of the biggest commodities--and scarcest-- in the new economy.	2001	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875847559	Seeing differently,insights on innovation	John Seely Brown		Articles from the Harvard Business Review discuss how changes in information and communications will require businesses in the twenty-first century to innovate constantly and to value new ideas	1997	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9781578518777	Connecting the dots,aligning projects with objectives in unpredictable times	Cathleen Benko&Franklin Warren McFarlan		Organizations are struggling for greater return on their multibillion-dollar technology and project-related investments. Individual projects may be useful, but when examined collectively, they often work at cross-purposes, duplicate each other's efforts, or aim for obsolescing business objectives. And all are competing for scarce resources. In today's earnings-driven business environment, companies must look to their portfolios to better deliver on objectives and propel the organization forward. Based on their experience with a variety of companies, authors Cathleen Benko and distinguished professor F. Warren McFarlan have developed an alignment approach that better connects an organization's project portfolio to its corporate objectives in a manner responsive to today's unpredictable environment. Connecting the Dots provides a scalable framework and practical tools for better aligning a company's: (1) project portfolio with its objectives; (2) individual projects with each other; and (3) portfolio and objectives with the volatile environment. Better-aligned companies enhance business/technology performance by increasing shareholder value and confidence and improving the portfolio's return on investment. This in-the-trenches guidebook helps companies capture this latent value while building a more adaptive organization. AUTHORBIO: Cathleen Benko is Braxton's Global e-Business Leader. F. Warren McFarlan is the Senior Associate Dean and Albert H. Gordon Professor of Business Administration at Harvard Business School.	2003	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875843254	Winning in high-tech markets,the role of general management	Joseph G. Morone		Why have U.S. firms performed poorly in high-technology industries like consumer electronics and semiconductors? Why have they been outperformed in the fast-growing, dynamic, short-cycle-time industries that they themselves pioneered? More generally, why are some firms - foreign and domestic - better than others at competing through technology? And what can governments do to promote industrial competitiveness in high-tech markets? Joseph Morone argues that the answers to these questions can be found in the practices and behavior of general management. Morone's investigation into the role of general management in building competitive advantage on the basis of technology focuses on three U.S. successes in high-tech markets: GE Medical Systems, Motorola Communications, and Corning. These three are among a small number of U.S. businesses that have built global leadership in precisely the kinds of high-tech markets where so many American firms have been outperformed by their Japanese counterparts. Morone explores the managerial strategies, practices, and philosophies behind these successful companies, and how these influenced, and were influenced by technology development. His conclusion that successful firms are often those whose corporate strategies are shaped by technology opportunities is striking in its divergence from the conventional wisdom about American managerial practice and the role that government can play in promoting high-technology strength. Winning in High-Tech Markets will be of interest to all managers in technology-intensive firms, to general readers concerned with issues of U.S. competitiveness, and to policy makers and analysts.	1993	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9781578518210	Winning through innovation,a practical guide to leading organizational change and renewal	Michael L. Tushman&Charles A. O'Reilly		Winning through Innovation reveals why short-term corporate success often increases the chance of long-term failure. Drawing on lessons from firms worldwide, this book is the first to provide systematic tools that managers can begin using today to gain practical insights for overcoming the success syndrome, managing innovation, and developing action plans to attain-and maintain-industry leadership. Michael L. Tushman is the MBA Class of 1942 Professor of Business Administration at Harvard Business School. Charles A. O'Reilly III is the Frank E. Buck Professor of Human Resources Management and Organizational Behavior at Stanford University Graduate School of Business.	2002	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875848082	Ultimate rewards,what really motivates people to achieve	Steven Kerr		Motivating & encouraging employees is a perennial issue for business managers. In this collection of Harvard Business Review articles, Steve Kerr brings together pieces that identify the sources of motivation for individuals & organizations. The articles include some of HBR's best-sellers & they offer managers insights on how to use rewards, job enhancement, & other methods to keep employees motivated. A Harvard Business Review Book.	1997	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875842103	Executive compensation,a strategic guide for the 1990s	Fred K. Foulkes		Executive Compensation is a comprehensive study of the strategic impact of compensation packages in business today. Thirty leading compensation specialists look at the impact of executive pay on performance, the design of executive pay packages, the role of stock and ownership, the role of the compensation committee, and applications of strategic executive compensation plans in a variety of industries.	1991	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875843940	The mutual gains enterprise,forging a winning partnership among labor, management, and government	Thomas A. Kochan&Paul Osterman		The Mutual Gains Enterprise is an urgent and compelling call for workplace reform, showing how American business can indeed attain world-class, sustainable competitive advantage - in addition to securing more rewarding employment for workers. Authors Thomas A. Kochan and Paul Osterman, both leading experts in human resource management, advocate a deeply rooted - and controversial - transformation of current human resource practices. They explain that the existing economic and legal landscape poses barriers to change that are impeding sustainable business success. To improve productivity and competitiveness, managers, workers, and policy makers alike must effect immediate and radical change.Kochan and Osterman begin with a review of companies that have heeded the call for workplace reform and successfully implemented new work systems. Case studies of GM's Saturn plant and Motorola, among others, as well as lessons from state, local, and foreign governments confirm the existence of alternative models. In addition, the authors present the best available national data on the diffusion of work practices in America. As Kochan and Osterman reveal, the application of new management ideas has not been widespread, and they explain why: corporate and public policies that diminish the importance of human resource considerations, a governance system that discourages long-term investment in human resources, a decline in the role of unions, and an inadequate employee skill base and training system.Having identified and discussed the obstacles, the authors present a "mutual gains policy framework" that focuses on how management, labor, and government need to engage in change together to achieve long-term viability. They go on to bring rhetoric into reality, identifying in specific ways how their plan - culled from the best practices of specific firms, state governments, and foreign business - can be implemented.	1994	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875847177	Competitive advantage through people,unleashing the power of the work force	Jeffrey Pfeffer		"Pfeffer has written one of the most important business books in a long time. All in all, a masterful, riveting performance".--Tom Peters.	1996	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875842288	Manage people, not personnel,motivation and performance appraisal	Victor H. Vroom		Anyone who has supervised people knows that motivating employees and evaluating their performance can be frustrating and difficult. This book is designed to help managers carry out these tasks. The articles, which originally appeared in the Harvard Business Review, feature contributions by leading academics such as Rosabeth Moss Kanter, Harry Levinson, and executives such as Saul Gellerman. A Harvard Business Review Book.	1990	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875848211	On-line profits,a manager's guide to electronic commerce	Peter G. W. Keen&Craigg Ballance		Featuring over 200 terms, this practical, easy-to-use glossary defines, explains, and gives practical examples of the technologies and processes managers must understand to communicate effectively and to implement their business strategies for digital commerce.	1997-10-01	Harvard Business School Press						ZZZ000000
9780875847207	The Internet strategy handbook,lessons from the new frontier of business	Mary J. Cronin		In close detail, ten Internet experts show how their companies have profited from their Internet connections. Examining the strategic impact of the Internet and WWW on their corporate strategies, they analyze both their successes and failures, present cost-benefit analyses, and review key issues and emerging trends in successful Internet implementation.	1996-03-06	Harvard Business School Press						ZZZ000000
9780875846316	The Internet strategy handbook,lessons from the new frontier of business	Mary J. Cronin		Gathers ten experts who report on their companies' successful experiences using the Internet for business applications	1996	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875848402	The business internet and intranets,a manager's guide to key terms and concepts	Peter G. W. Keen&Walid Mougayar&Tracy Torregrossa		Peter Keen delivers another comprehensive guide for managers, bringing clarity to the muddled vocabularies of the Internet and intranets. "A useful, lucid explanation of how to use the Net in business to deliver actual service and create real value--rather than hype and image".--Esther Dyson, Chairman, EDventure Holdings.	1998	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875847726	Business multimedia explained,a manager's guide to key terms & concepts	Peter G. W. Keen		VHS-quality video, CD-quality music, images in 3-D-delivered directly to the desktop personal computer. What does it all mean for business?In the past few years alone, multimedia has cut training time in half, facilitated interaction with customers, and transformed product design.Peter Keen was ahead of the curve on telecommunications and information technology, predicting their profound impact on organizations and helping people manage in a new and more complex business environment. Now, he delivers this indispensable glossary that, like his previous bestselling guides, will help nontechnical managers make sense of what may otherwise be a foreign world. From Access Time to Zipping, this guide identifies and explains 180 of the key terms, concepts, products, and corporate players in multimedia. It provides managers with a language for understanding new media and the Internet, and clarifies the business implications of multimedia technologies and applications for those who must make investment decisions.Business Multimedia Explained is a no-nonsense primer that gives managers a head start on understanding and using multimedia as a business resource. It is every manager's critical introduction to a new and promising world.	1997	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875847184	Business multimedia explained,a manager's guide to key terms & concepts	Peter G. W. Keen		VHS-quality video, CD-quality music, images in 3-D-delivered directly to the desktop personal computer. What does it all mean for business?In the past few years alone, multimedia has cut training time in half, facilitated interaction with customers, and transformed product design.Peter Keen was ahead of the curve on telecommunications and information technology, predicting their profound impact on organizations and helping people manage in a new and more complex business environment. Now, he delivers this indispensable glossary that, like his previous bestselling guides, will help nontechnical managers make sense of what may otherwise be a foreign world. From Access Time to Zipping, this guide identifies and explains 180 of the key terms, concepts, products, and corporate players in multimedia. It provides managers with a language for understanding new media and the Internet, and clarifies the business implications of multimedia technologies and applications for those who must make investment decisions.Business Multimedia Explained is a no-nonsense primer that gives managers a head start on understanding and using multimedia as a business resource. It is every manager's critical introduction to a new and promising world. Also available in paperback; ISBN 0875847722, $24.95.	1997	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875843995	Teams and technology,fulfilling the promise of the new organization	Donald A. Mankin&Susan G. Cohen&Tora K. Bikson		Based on the authors' research and experience in more than 100 organizations-large and small, high- and low-tech, service and product providers-Teams and Technology shows how to develop new information systems that support collaborative work, how to build teams that take advantage of technological potential, and how to create an organization with a structure and policies that support the synergy of teams and technology.	1996	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9781578512386	Markets of one,creating customer-unique value through mass customization	James H. Gilmore&B. Joseph Pine		Through this collection of ten articles from "Harvard Business Review", the editors show how companies are increasingly customizing their offerings to meet the unique needs of individual customers, resulting in a shift from mass markets to markets of one.	2000	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875845777	Meeting of the minds,creating the market-based enterprise	Vincent P. Barabba		Despite much talk of being market oriented, few companies have harnessed the full range of their capabilities to serve the customer. In fact, the traditional organization of corporate activities into separate functions with marketing controlling primary access to the customer has widened the gulf of knowledge and understanding between the enterprise and its markets, and within the firm itself. This book provides a practical blueprint for creating dynamic, market-based decision-making mechanisms that lead to competitive advantage. Drawing on his thirty years of executive experience at Eastman Kodak, Xerox, General Motors, and in the public sector, Vincent P. Barabba demonstrates that when companies use systems thinking to view customers and the market as an extension of the firm, they achieve a meeting of the minds--creating value for customer, community, and enterprise. Barabba rejects the path of organizational restructuring and instead presents a unique framework for creating unity of knowledge and purpose across functions and for linking them with the markets they serve.	1995	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875849294	eBrands,building an Internet business at breakneck speed	Phil Carpenter		Essential Strategies for Building Powerful eBrands At the turn of the millennium, myriad companies have filled the Web with more than 800 million pages of content. Overwhelmed by choice and starved for time, customers are casting their clicks with brands they trust. The companies that win their wallets will be those that invest now in building premier electronic brands, or eBrands. While scores of books have promoted various Internet marketing tactics and Web site design rules, none has provided the necessary strategic context in which true eBrand builders make names for themselves. Through thoughtful analysis of the overall marketing strategies of six Web innovators--Yahoo!, CDNow, iVillage, Onsale, Barnesandnoble.com, and Fogdog Sports--veteran Silicon Valley marketing executive Phil Carpenter takes a hard look at how a core set of companies have pushed to develop powerful Internet brands. Carpenter takes readers backstage in his in-depth interviews with more than forty company executives and industry experts. Recounting the successes, failures, and fears of eBrand pioneers, the author assesses the opportunities and vulnerabilities of his case study companies compared to those of their on- and offline competitors. His analysis shows how several "pure play" Internet ventures have established brand awareness and credibility, how an offline leader has boldly asserted itself in this new medium, and how a start-up has battled to distinguish its brand among the many deeper-pocketed players. Carpenter argues that Internet contenders must expand their notion of branding far beyond such assets as logotypes, trademarks, and brand names to include programs for building brand awareness, forging alliances, and cultivating customer loyalty, to name a few. Through these bedrock best practices distilled from the experiences of the online elite, even a dot.com nobody can become a cyberbranded star. For anyone with a stake in ebusiness--from CEOs to entrepreneurs, from marketers to customer service and PR specialists, and from venture capitalists to financial analysts-- eBrands will prove a thoughtful guide to creating truly durable brands in the electronic marketplace.	2000	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875846330	Reputation,realizing value from the corporate image	Charles J. Fombrun		In the first book to quantify the economic returns of reputation, Fombrun shows that by developing strong and consistent images, well-regarded companies create hidden assets that give them a distinct competitive advantage. This book takes readers on a whirlwind tour of how companies build credibility and status. Fombrun shows how major organizations in such diverse settings as the fashion, investment banking, and packaged goods industries--and even U.S. business schools--compete for prestige and achieve celebrity.	1996	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875846774	Wise choices,decisions, games, and negotiations	Richard Zeckhauser&Ralph L. Keeney&James K. Sebenius		In this collection - a tribute to the lifetime intellectual odyssey of Howard Raiffa, world-renowned applied mathematician - leading scholars in economics, psychology, statistics, and decision theory grapple with the perennial question of how to make wise choices. Their answers reflect the unity of the three fields Raiffa pioneered: decision analysis, game theory, and negotiation.The twenty-three papers in this collection address such topics as individual decision making under uncertainty, games of strategy in which one player's actions directly influence another's welfare, and the process of forging negotiated agreements. The contributors, including Thomas C. Schelling of the University of Maryland and Amos Tversky of Stanford, also analyze decisions regarding personal medical problems, national public policies, business investments, and international diplomacy.Whether your challenge is to craft a stock portfolio, forge a diplomatic settlement, or make your technology a standard on the Internet, this volume will help you think deeply and choose wisely.	1996	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875846095	The product development challenge,competing through speed, quality, and creativity	Kim B. Clark&Steven C. Wheelwright		How do top product development companies gain competitive advantage? They bring rapidly evolving technologies to increasingly fragmented markets using the talents within the organization and those of suppliers, distributors, and customers. In this collection of articles and interviews from the Harvard Business Review, authorities describe successful practices and provide frameworks for managing the technologies, processes, innovations, and R&D efforts that lead to superior product development projects. A Harvard Business Review Book.	1994	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9781578517787	Working identity,unconventional strategies for reinventing your career	Herminia Ibarra		How Successful Career Changers Turn Fantasy into Reality Whether as a daydream or a spoken desire, nearly all of us have entertained the notion of reinventing ourselves. Feeling unfulfilled, burned out, or just plain unhappy with what we're doing, we long to make that leap into the unknown. But we also hold on, white-knuckled, to the years of time and effort we've invested in our current profession. In this powerful book, Herminia Ibarra presents a new model for career reinvention that flies in the face of everything we've learned from "career experts." While common wisdom holds that we must first know what we want to do before we can act, Ibarra argues that this advice is backward. Knowing, she says, is the result of doing and experimenting. Career transition is not a straight path toward some predetermined identity, but a crooked journey along which we try on a host of "possible selves" we might become. Based on her in-depth research on professionals and managers in transition, Ibarra outlines an active process of career reinvention that leverages three ways of "working identity": experimenting with new professional activities, interacting in new networks of people, and making sense of what is happening to us in light of emerging possibilities. Through engrossing stories-from a literature professor turned stockbroker to an investment banker turned novelist-Ibarra reveals a set of guidelines that all successful reinventions share. She explores specific ways that hopeful career changers of any background can: " Explore possible selves " Craft and execute "identity experiments" " Create "small wins" that keep momentum going " Survive the rocky period between career identities " Connect with role models and mentors who can ease the transition " Make time for reflection-without missing out on windows of opportunity " Decide when to abandon the old path in order to follow the new " Arrange new events into a coherent story of who we are becoming. A call to the dreamer in each of us, Working Identity explores the process for crafting a more fulfilling future. Where we end up may surprise us. Herminia Ibarra is Professor of Organizational Behavior at INSEAD in Fontainebleau, France.	2003	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875849058	Tempered radicals,how people use difference to inspire change at work	Debra Meyerson		Meyerson has coined the phrase "tempered radicals" to refer to people who want to become successful members of their companies without selling out on who they are. Drawing from 15 years of research, she offers compelling stories of these people and how they steer a course for positive change.	2001	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875844152	Inside the Kaisha,demystifying Japanese business behavior	Noboru Yoshimura&Philip Anderson		Written by an experienced Japanese manager and an American scholar of organizational behavior, this book presents a series of apparent contradictions in Japanese business conduct. The authors show why behavior that appears inconsistent to the Westerner is perfectly congruous to the Japanese way of framing the context of the situation or using a particular model to guide behavior. The book is organized around six puzzles about Japanese business behavior that perplex outsiders. The authors unravel each puzzle in a systematic way to demonstrate why, from the Japanese perspective, the behavior is in fact appropriate and consistent. For each puzzle, the authors generate a set of specific insights that can be used in everyday business practice. Winner, Best Industry Analysis/Business Context Book of 1997, The Financial Times/Booz-Allen & Hamilton Global Business Book Awards "[Yoshimura and Anderson] provide a healthy antidote to much of the mumbo jumbo about Japanese business practices perpetrated by journalists, businesspeople, and management consultants".--The New York Times Book Review "Inside the Kaisha offers real-life examples and advice. But what makes it most valuable is Yoshimura's perspective--a rare coup in a country where people rarely talk about their companies for fear of embarrassing themselves and their employers".--CIO	1997	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875844008	Can ethics be taught?,perspectives, challenges, and approaches at Harvard Business School	Thomas R. Piper&Mary C. Gentile&Sharon Daloz Parks		This book traces the evolution, strategy, and implementation of the pathbreaking Leadership, Ethics, and Corporate Responsibility program at the Harvard Business School. It describes in detail the origins of the initiative for this program, the sophisticated research that went into the approach, timing, and appropriate interventions for working with students and faculty, as well as the design of the program strategy itself. The accomplishments of this program have been substantial: a required course has been introduced into the curriculum; four new electives have been added; course heads have begun to integrate issues of ethics and corporate responsibility into the First Year curriculum; and a large percentage of students have enriched the life of the community, and their own lives, through public service.	1993	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875846538	Street smarts,linking professional conduct with shareholder value in the securities industry	Roy C. Smith&Ingo Walter		On Wall Street, the pressure to perform and the ethical dilemmas that accompany it did not fade away with the insider trading scandals of the 1980s. As headlines in recent years attest, criminal proceedings, regulatory complaints, and customer litigation continue to mar the reputation of the banking and securities industries. This book is a forceful call to action for Wall Street leaders to strengthen and protect their shareholders' value by instituting and maintaining much higher professional standards. The authors-with their dozens of years as insiders on Wall Street-cast a revealing eye on corporate and individual conduct in financial institutions and markets. They identify the major issues of professional conduct confronting the banking and securities industries today- including misrepresentation, market rigging, insider trading, money laundering, whistleblowing, and conflicts of interests-as they recount the lessons of scandals and rogue behavior that have rocked even the most venerable firms on the Street. Smith and Walter argue that it is not enough for firms to rely on surveillance and compliance efforts to prevent their people from stepping over the line of legal and appropriate conduct; reputations in the finance world are too important. Connecting professional conduct to shareholder value, the authors call for immediate action. The industry, they contend, needs to create an environment in which each firm develops its leaders and individual managers to take responsibility for shaping and upholding the standards through creative and supportive employee development and retention programs. Nothing less than the future of the industry is at stake. Street Smarts will help bankers, securities analysts, traders, and investors understand what needs to be done now to foster an open, responsible corporate culture that creates long-term value and higher returns.	1997	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875846422	The Misunderstood Economy,What Counts and How to Count It	Robert Eisner		Everybody talks about the economy; everybody has complaints or recommendations. Few know what they're talking about. So asserts Robert Eisner - one of our nation's most distinguished economists - in this authoritative analysis of the real and imagined ills of the U.S. economy. In clear, accessible language, The Misunderstood Economy confronts an array of myths surrounding economic issues. Eisner begins by challenging many of the standards traditionally used to measure economic well-being. He argues that economic prosperity should not be evaluated by miscounted federal deficits and debt, nor by the level of prices. What counts is the production of goods and services to enjoy now and add to our enjoyment in the future - and the jobs necessary for that production. Eisner posits that the federal government's accounting systems are fundamentally flawed because - violating accepted practice in the private sector and in governments around the world - U.S. federal accounts make no distinction between current outlays and investment. We also fail to relate the growing federal debt either to government or national assets, or to our growing national income. The result is a failure to understand the real impact of deficits on our current and future economic welfare. Deficits can be too small, Eisner argues, as well as too large, and one can't tell which until they are measured right. Deficits can be too small in a sluggish economy with high unemployment, when the nation lacks essential purchasing power for the products of American business. Deficit reduction then destroys jobs and discourages investment; it offers current pain for no future gain. From this perspective, Eisner addresses commonmisconceptions on the role of taxes (he wouldn't raise them to reduce the deficit), social security, inflation, trade, and foreign investment. He sharply challenges the ideas of many economists, bankers, and politicians that a significant level of unemployment is "natural" and necessary. He rejects the ideas of those who poor-mouth the U.S. economy - by far the strongest in the world - but notes the failings that threaten our prospects for continued leadership in our rapidly changing, technologically advancing world. Throughout his lucid analysis, Eisner takes time to provide straightforward definitions of the terms so often used and misused in the course of national discussions. He concludes that we can enjoy greater prosperity today and build a foundation for greater long-term growth by focusing on the real issues and escaping the flawed thinking that has too often in the past been allowed to distort analysis of the economy.	1995	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875845098	The making of Harcourt General,a history of growth through diversification, 1922-1992	Bettye Hobbs Pruitt&George David Smith		The Making of Harcourt General describes the transformation of a small movie-theater proprietorship, formed in the early days of the industry, into a major diversified firm with businesses in publishing (Harcourt Brace), retailing (Neiman Marcus), and insurance as well as theaters (General Cinema). As Mid-West Drive-In Theatres, Inc., the company was a pioneer in its industry, first with family-oriented drive-ins and later with shopping-center theaters. From early on, however, driven by the cash-generating power of the theater business, it pursued a strategy of diversification, navigating the conglomerate era, the junk-bond-fueled "merger mania" of the 1980s, and the more painful period of restructuring in the early 1990s. This book offers a unique inside view of the evolution of Harcourt General, but also places that evolution in a broader context, illuminating the dramatic changes that have occurred in the business environment in those years. Harcourt General's diversification strategy has taken the company through an exciting series of acquisitions. In the late 1960s, as General Cinema, it entered soft drink bottling, gaining an early lead in the consolidation of that industry. From a "white-knight" rescue of Carter Hawley Hale in 1984, it emerged in 1988 with a new specialty retail chain, the Neiman Marcus Group. In 1992, General Cinema extricated the publisher Harcourt Brace Jovanovich from a heavy burden of junk-bond debt that threatened to drive it into bankruptcy - the deal that led to the renaming of the company Harcourt General. Throughout, the founding family has retained a controlling stake in the company and an active role in management. In The Making of Harcourt General,Bettye H. Pruitt examines important issues confronting all diversified firms - the relationship between business and financial strategy, the assimilation of acquired businesses, and the tension between company divisions and the corporate office - as well as issues important to owner-man	1994	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875843216	Corporate venturing,creating new businesses within the firm	Zenas Block&Ian C. MacMillan			1993	Harvard Business School Press						ZZZ000000
9780875849379	Unchained value,the new logic of digital business	Mary J. Cronin		The Internet Revolution has been broadly advertised-yet despite the onslaught of warnings about what companies need to do to transform themselves, most corporations, large and small, remain completely unprepared for the long-term demands of the digital economy. While they publicly embrace e-everything, most managers have done little more than patch Web initiatives onto their existing business structures as online start-ups boldly claim the electronic marketspace. In Unchained Value, Internet expert Mary Cronin argues that these corporations will fail at e-business as long as they continue to use the traditional value chain as the strategic model for the enterprise. She introduces a radically new model for organization she calls the digital value system-focused not on static, internally focused "chains" but on dynamic, external webs of relationships that take full advantage of the power, flexibility, and opportunity of the digital arena. According to Cronin, four factors define the new value system of digital businesses: (1) collaborating with multiple players outside the firm based on real time information pooling; (2) mastering dynamic pricing for digital marketplaces; (3) establishing customer trust and lifetime increasing returns through a proactive balance of privacy and personalization; and (4) providing essential, relationship-based online services that can be delivered to customers on the fly. Using compelling data and case studies from dozens of online companies and innovative multinational corporations, this book identifies the new realities every company has to reckon with in the shift from internal value chains to Internet-based value systems, and illuminates who wins and who loses when processes traditionally controlled within the firm are optimized for an open, networked digital environment. Examining core business functions from supply chain management to product design and production, from sales distribution to customer support, Cronin describes how companies must align the entire business with the Internet, and details the challenges and rewards of implementing and expanding a digital value system successfully. Whether a company is dealing in bits and bytes or bricks and steel, Unchained Value offers a much-needed framework for assessing the impact of the Internet on sources of business value and competitive advantage. Helping managers at all levels develop and analyze e-commerce strategies, this invaluable book will provide readers with the strategic firepower to totally rethink their businesses and benefit from the opportunities of the new economy. Dr. Mary Cronin is Professor of Management at Boston College and has done extensive research in the development and implementation of Internet business strategies. She works as a consultant to Fortune 500 and multinational companies and serves on the board of several Internet-based companies.	2000	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9781422140789	India's global powerhouses,how they are taking on the world	Nirmalya Kumar&Pradipta K. Mohapatra		When the Indian auto manufacturer Tata Motors bought the iconic Jaguar and Land Rover brands - complementing the Nano, its own innovative $2,500 car - it opened up a new chapter in Indias economic story. In the coming years, such Indian multination	2009	Harvard Business School Publishing India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781422110584	Ten Rules For Strategic Innovators: From Idea To Execution	Govindarajan				Harvard Business School Publishing India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781578514588	Value sweep,mapping corporate growth opportunities	Martha Amram		This text offers a field-tested perspective on balancing the value of growth from products and innovations with the value of executing the business. It presents a valuation methodology that links stock market prices with private equity, corporate growth projects and intellectual property.	2002	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875846286	Funding a college education,finding the right school for your child and the right fit for your budget	Alice Drum&Richard Kneedler		Written expressly for parents by two college administrators who were also parents of college students, this book covers the essentials of the entire college financial aid process, from formulating the plan and understanding all the aid options to applying for aid and choosing the best offers and school. Features strategies for determining the family's financial capability using step-by-step worksheets, a case study of one family's successful approach, and sample financial aid forms. Provides financial aid information on 200 select colleges and universities, and reveals hidden sources of funding.	1996	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875841991	Doing deals,investment banks at work	Robert G. Eccles&Dwight B. Crane		Doing Deals is an in-depth explanation of the unique management style of investment banks. Represented are insights drawn from 17 U.S. investment banks, 21 issuing customers, and 10 European financial institutions.	1988	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9781578512522	Expectations investing,reading stock prices for better returns	Alfred Rappaport&Michael J. Mauboussin		About 75 percent of active investors consistently deliver returns below those of passive index funds. Why? In part, it's because proven methods for valuing assets are too complex to apply-causing investors to rely on commonly used benchmarks such as current earnings and price-earnings multiples that simply don't reflect how the market prices stocks. Now, leading valuation experts Alfred Rappaport and Michael J. Mauboussin argue that the secret to beating the market stands in plain sight. Embedded in the stock price-the most accessible piece of information in the investment arena-lies all investors need to know about how the market expects a company to perform. By correctly decoding that information, say the authors, investors are on the way to anticipating changes in a company's competitive position that the current stock price doesn't reflect-and making informed buy, hold, or sell decisions before the rest of the crowd. This proven approach, expectations investing, holds the potential to change the rules and improve the odds of the stock selection game forever. The beauty of expectations investing is that it harnesses the power of the market's own tried-and-true pricing model-discounted cash flow-without requiring difficult and often dubious long-term forecasting. Highly practical, the book provides a strategic framework and corresponding tools for using price-implied expectations (PIE) to: Interpret current prices and anticipate revisions in expectations. Monitor signals from managerial actions such as mergers and acquisitions and share buybacks and estimate their impact on shareholder value. Devise, adjust, and communicate management strategy in light of shareholder expectations. In addition, a unique expectations infrastructure helps track value creation from the initial triggers that shape performance to the resulting impact on sales, operating profit margins, and investment efficiency. Universally applicable to public companies across the economic landscape, Expectations Investing will enable professional investors, analysts, and executives to translate heightened uncertainty into lucrative opportunity. Alfred Rappaport is the Leonard Spacek Professor Emeritus at Northwestern's Kellogg School and is Shareholder Value Adviser to L.E.K. Consulting. He originated the Shareholder Scoreboard for the Wall Street Journal. He can be contacted at al.rappaport@expectationsinvesting.com. Michael J. Mauboussin is a Managing Director and Chief U.S. Investment Strategist at Credit Suisse First Boston. He is also an Adjunct Professor at Columbia Business School. He can be contacted at michael.mauboussin@expectationsinvesting.com. Visit the book's dedicated Web site at: www.expectationsinvesting.com	2001	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875845678	Comeback,The Restoration of American Banking Power in the New World Economy	Roy C. Smith		Writing in the lively, nonacademic style that has made his previous books so popular, Smith shows how the bases of banking competitiveness are changing, from the size of assets and profitable systems protected by regulation to market know-how, innovation, and technology. Roy Smith is the author of The Global Bankers and The Money Wars.	1994	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875843391	Corporate restructuring,managing the change process from within	Gordon Donaldson		Corporate Restructuring examines the impact of financial restructuring on corporate priorities and performance. Countering the notion that an actual or threatened hostile takeover is needed to induce managers to restructure their firms, Donaldson claims that many companies have successfully restructured voluntarily. Drawing on a series of field studies and close examinations of three companies--General Mills, Burlington Northern, and CPC International--Donaldson shows how firms have implemented radical change through an internal discipline. The factual evidence demonstrates why and how voluntary restructuring works just as well--indeed better--than hostile takeovers, without the trauma of external intervention and disruption to day-to-day operations. Challenging many assumptions of current financial literature on how firms achieve increased efficiency, this book is bound to provoke controversy.	1994	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875846347	From promise to performance,a journey of transformation at SmithKline Beecham	Robert Patten Bauman&Peter Jackson&Joanne T. Lawrence		Here are lessons from the personal experience of the team that led one of the most successful transnational corporate mergers of all time-the transformation of SmithKline Beckman and the Beecham Group into SmithKline Beecham, a leading international health care company. The authors recount their thinking and actions as well as the successes, failures, and lessons learned. Through the story of the merger, they present a framework of five requisites for creating a culture of change: instilling a winning attitude, making the organization the hero, striving for continuous learning, instituting strategic communication, and aligning behavior with strategy. For managers, this account offers a rare, behind-the-scenes glimpse into how a major company aligned its business actions and behavior to be competitive in a rapidly changing industry, and how others can create an environment in which the ability to change sustains success. "An absorbing, fly-on-the-wall account of a major merger.... For business executives and managers who want to know the inner workings of a well-executed and ultimately effective corporate merger, From Promise to Performance is a must-read."--National Productivity Review "This is a fascinating, inside account of an extraordinarily successful merger. Even more important, it is a book about institutionalizing change. The merger is seen not as an end, but as a beginning. Change and learning are viewed as ongoing processes and values that sustain improved performance. I recommend it highly. It's both informative and entertaining." --Paul A. Allaire, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Xerox Corporation	1997	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9781578512058	Loyalty rules!,how today's leaders build lasting relationships	Frederick F. Reichheld		Building Loyalty: The Acid Test of Leadership Fewer than half of today's employees believe that their companies deserve their loyalty. Web-empowered customers now defect more easily and more quickly than ever. Has loyalty become an outdated notion in today's marketplace? Fred Reichheld, author of the bestselling book The Loyalty Effect, argues that loyalty is still the fuel that drives financial success-even, and perhaps especially, in today's volatile, high-speed economy-but that most organizations are running on empty. Why? Because leaders too often confuse profits with purpose, taking the low road to short-term gains at the expense of employees, customers, and ultimately, investors. In a business environment that thrives on networks of mutually beneficial relationships, says Reichheld, it is the ability to build strong bonds of loyalty-not short-term profits-that has become the "acid test" of leadership. Based on extensive research into companies from online start-ups to established institutions-including Harley-Davidson, Enterprise Rent-A-Car, Cisco Systems, Dell Computer, Intuit, and more-Reichheld reveals six bedrock principles of loyalty upon which leaders build enduring enterprises. Underscoring that success requires both understanding and measuring loyalty, he couples each principle with straightforward actions that drive measurement systems, compensation, organization, and strategy: Play to win/win: never profit at the expense of partners. Be picky: membership must be a privilege. Keep it simple: reduce complexity for speed and flexibility. Reward the right results: worthy partners deserve worthy goals. Listen hard and talk straight: insist on honest, two-way communication and learning. Preach what you practice: explain your principles, then live by them. Vivid case studies illustrate the consequences of building or ignoring loyalty, and a rigorous Loyalty Acid Test (www.loyaltyrules.com) enables leaders to benchmark their loyalty practices against competitors. Providing tools for implementing the timeless principles of loyalty in a volatile economy, Loyalty Rules! is a practical guidebook for taking the high road in business-the only road that leads to lasting success. Fred Reichheld is a Director Emeritus of Bain Company and a Bain Fellow. He is the author of The Loyalty Effect as well as of influential articles in Harvard Business Review and the Wall Street Journal. His work has been featured in leading publications including the New York Times, Business Week, the Financial Times, and The Economist.	2001	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9781578519491	Got game,how the gamer generation is reshaping business forever	John C. Beck&Mitchell Wade		Got Game shows how growing up immersed in video games has profoundly shaped the attitudes and abilities of this new generation  Though little-noticed, these ninety million rising professionals, through sheer numbers, will inevitably dominate businessand are already changing the rules. While many of these changes are positivesuch as more open communication and creative problem-solvingthey have caused a generation gap that frustrates gamers and the boomers who manage them.  Got Game identifies the distinct values and traits that define the gamer generationfrom an increased appetite for risk to unexpected leadership skillsand reveals management techniques todays leaders can use to bridge the generation gap and unleash gamers hidden potential.	2004	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9781422124987	The First 90 Days (Indian Edition) Critical Success Strategies For New Leaders At All Levels	Watkins				Harvard Business School Publishing India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780875847504	Right from the start,taking charge in a new leadership role	Dan Ciampa&Michael Watkins		Have you recently been handed a new leadership challenge? Are you about to start a new job, or are you expecting a big promotion? With today's surge in start-ups, spin-offs, change initiatives, and reorganizations, chances are that you'll be in a position to accept a leadership role sometime soon. Before you do, let Right from the Start show you how to balance the tensions and challenges inherent in any leadership transition. It will prepare you for the often-treacherous task of navigating an organization's strategy, politics, and culture so that you can smoothly and effectively get to work on your new agenda. Whether you are succeeding a much-admired boss or charged with implementing sweeping, potentially unsettling change initiatives, a new role is fraught with obstacles that can undermine your efforts to establish authority and build support. In Right from the Start, authors Ciampa and Watkins lay out an action-oriented framework to follow during the first six months in a new job. The tactical advice is supplemented with absorbing profiles of CEOs, COOs, and EVPs who candidly discuss their experiences-the successes and the failures-with transitioning to a new leadership role. Make no mistake, say the authors: the planning you do before you take the leadership reins is critical to achieving your goals. Right from the Start, with its timeless lessons of leadership, succession, and transition, is for everyone who wants to ensure that their first steps in a new job will be the ones that lead to enduring success.	1999	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875846194	Team talk,the power of language in team dynamics	Anne Donnellon		In the tradition of Deborah Tannen, Donnellon analyzes team conversations and their organizational contexts to explain why cross-functional team work is so challenging for professional employees. She introduces tools - including an in-depth Team Talk Audit - that team members can use to make their teams work better, and she provides managers with guidelines for redesigning their organizations to overcome barriers to effective team work. Drawing on interviews and observations of teams in Fortune 200 companies, Donnellon lets us listen in on actual team conversations to explore the inherent paradoxes of team work. She compares how both successful and unsuccessful teams handle conflict, conduct negotiations, achieve alignment, interpret and manage mutual obligation, and maintain commitment to performance. She then shows how team members can diagnose and solve their own problems and reveals specific techniques for using language to exert a positive force on the organization where needed.	1996	Island Press						ZZZ000000
