9780814409220	From difficult to disturbed,understanding and managing dysfunctional employees	Laurence Miller		Every workplace is filled with a wide range of personalities. This book helps readers become better managers by providing insight into both big and small people-problems that can seriously disrupt the workplace. FROM DIFFICULT TO DISTURBED gives managers the insight, understanding, and tools they need to get the best from those who present the toughest problems.	2008	AMACOM Div American Mgmt Assn						ZZZ000000
9780814473009	Up against the Wal-Marts,how your business can prosper in the shadow of the retail giants	Donald D. Taylor&Jeanne Smalling Archer		Ten years ago, Up Against the Wal-Marts helped smaller businesses take on the corporate retailing empire. Now, with the giants bigger and more influential than ever, the underdogs have an even tougher struggle. The second edition of Up Against the Wal-Marts is here to help, with an updated focus on marketing and brand new ways to conquer (or at least co-exist with) the Goliaths of the shopping mall. The authors have updated many of the businesses profiled in the original edition--so readers can see how those companies have refined their operations to stay competitive-and they detail the best practices of hundreds of successful small companies. The book also examines several fast-growth chains in a variety of markets. With advice for improving customer service and loyalty, maximizing the power of electronic marketing, hiring and keeping great employees, and more, Up Against the Wal-Marts is a formidable strategic tool any business can use to become (and remain) competitive.	2005-08-11	AMACOM Div American Mgmt Assn						ZZZ000000
9788190210591	I've passed my life as a stranger, Lord	Kriyananda (Swami.)			2004	Ananda Sangha Publications						ZZZ000000
9788189430085	Education for life,preparing children to meet the challenges	Kriyananda (Swami)				Ananda Sangha Publications						ZZZ000000
9788189430191	Revelations of Christ	Kriyananda (Swami)				Ananda Sangha Publications						ZZZ000000
9788189430030	Sadhu, beware!,a new approach to renunciation	Kriyananda (Swami)			2005	Ananda Sangha Publications						ZZZ000000
9788189430184	Swami Kriyananda,as we have known him	Asha Praver		Swami Kriyananda, b. 1926, a direct disciple of the yogi Paramahansa Yogananda.		Ananda Sangha Publications						ZZZ000000
9780768924848	Master the SAT 2008	Phil Pine		Master the SAT2008 has content that will teach, review, and test test-takers' essay writing abilities as well as their Algebra II and higher-level math skills.	2007-08-01	Peterson's						ZZZ000000
9780768924855	Master the SAT 2008 (w/CD)	Phil Pine		Master the SAT 2008 has content that will teach, review, and test test-takers' essay writing abilities as well as their Algebra II and higher-level math skills.	2007-08-07	Peterson's						ZZZ000000
9780099429272	The Orion Mystery,Unlocking the Secrets of the Pyramids	Robert Bauval&Adrian Gilbert		There exists a secret, hidden for thousands of years, that will forever change our understanding of the meaning and pupose of the most fascinating wonder of the Ancient World: the Pyramids of Egypt. What purpose did these massive structures, one of the largest construction projects ever undertaken, serve? Why were they scaattered across the desert in a seemingly random pattern? The mystery deepened when, in 1993, a secret door within the Great Pyramid was discovered--a door unopened for 5,500 years. Robert Bauval and Adrian Gilbert have uncovered the key to the plan that governed the construction of the pyramids. A dramatic combination of history and meticulous detective work, "The Orion Mystery provides a stunning conclusion to one of the world's greatest mysteries.	2001-07-31	Arrow books						ZZZ000000
9780099538578	Rebels and Traitors,An Epic Novel of the English Civil War	Lindsey Davis		Rebels and Traitors is a ground-breaking departure for this most admired of British authors, returning to Lindsey's first love in historical fiction, the English Civil War. Sweeping in scope and fraught with the same drama and passion, Lindsey's epic novel does the same for this conflict as Margaret Mitchell's Gone with the Wind did for the American Civil War. Rebels and Traitors is a masterpiece of historical storytelling which tells with startling realism what it was like to have fought in the front line of the battles and politics of the era. It tells the story of a man, Gideon Jukes and a woman Juliana Lovell, caught on opposite sides of the Parliamentarian/Royalist divide but fated to be brought together by adversity, loss and mutual attraction.But before this can happen, the terrible events of the seven years that King Charles waged war on his own people must be endured, and then, the day in January 1649 when the world was turned upside down and the King was executed. It is in this	2010	Random House UK						ZZZ000000
9780099533641	Devil Bones	Kathy Reichs		An underground chamber is exposed in a seedy, dilapidated house with sagging trim and peeling paint In the dark cellar, a ritualistic display is revealed. A human skull rests on a cauldron, surrounded by slain chickens and bizarre figurines. Beads and antlers dangle overhead. Called to the scene is forensic anthropologist Dr Temperance Brennan. Bony architecture suggests that the skull is that of a young, black female. But how did she die? And when? Then, just as Tempe is working to determine post-mortem interval, another body is discovered: a headless corpse carved with Satanic symbols. As citizen vigilantes, blaming Devil-worshippers, begin a witch-hunt, intent on revenge, Tempe struggles to keep her emotions in check. But the truth she eventually uncovers proves more shocking than even she could have imagined	2009-03	Random House						FIC022000
9780099481850	Fractured	Karin Slaughter		When Atlanta housewife Abigail Campano comes home unexpectedly one afternoon, she walks into a nightmare. A broken window, a bloody footprint on the stairs and, most devastating of all, the horrifying sight of her teenage daughter lying dead on the landing, a man standing over her with a bloody knife. The struggle which follows changes Abigail's life forever. When the local police make a misjudgement which not only threatens the investigation but places a young girl's life in danger, the case is handed over to Special Agent Will Trent of the Criminal Apprehension Team paired with detective Faith Mitchell, a woman who resents him from their first meeting. But in the relentless heat of a Georgia summer, Will and Faith realise that they must work together to find the brutal killer who has targeted one of Atlanta's wealthiest, most privileged communities before it's too late...	2009-03-26	Random House						ZZZ000000
9780099515296	Rise And Shine	Anna Quindlen		It s an otherwise ordinary Monday when Meghan Fitzmaurice s perfect life hits a wall. A household name as the host of 'Rise and Shine', the country s highest-rated morning talk show, Meghan cuts to a commercial break, but not before she mutters two forbid	2007	Arrow						ZZZ000000
9780873894418	Success through quality,support guide for the journey to continuous improvement	Timothy J. Clark		A fundamental introduction to continuous improvement, Success Through Quality provides a basic -- but comprehensive -- overview of quality improvement theory, methods, and tools. Short, easy-to-read chapters introduce quality to employees at all levels, and real-life scenarios help them relate quality ideas with their work and personal lives.	1999-02-15	American Society for Qualit						ZZZ000000
9781847376626	Making Great Decisions Reflections,For a Life Without Limits	T. D. Jakes		With the enormous success of Reposition Yourself, which held a spot on the New York Times bestseller list for more that three weeks, T.D. Jakes has established himself as an effective and respected minister specializing in helping people develop and maintain healthy relationships. A frequent guest on Dr. Phil, Jakes' engaging and powerful personality has a broad appeal. In Before You Do, Jakes teaches how to make great personal decisions using the lessons he has learned from his own marriage and family life. These are the decisions that impact on the quality of our lives more than any other, be it a decision to marry, to send your child away to school, or buy a house. T.D. Jakes explored ways to strengthen relationships, and he offers hope for those who may be suffering when such relationships break in the event of divorce or death. Making Great Decisions Reflections will act as an invaluable companion piece to Before You Do by providing daily inspiration for making the most loving decisions that will sustain primary relationships.	2009-06-01	Simon & Schuster, Limited						REL067000
9781439165591	The Apostle	Brad Thor		When the president is left with no other option, suddenly the unthinkable becomes the only course of action.When American doctor Julia Gallo is kidnapped in Afghanistan, the terms of her ransom leave the United States with only one course of action -- covert counterterrorism operative Scot Harvath.In a dangerous assignment that the United States government will deny any knowledge of, Harvath must secretly infiltrate Kabul's notorious Policharki Prison and free the man the kidnappers demand as ransom -- al-Qaeda mastermind Mustafa Khan.But when Harvath arrives, he quickly learns that there is more to the kidnapping than anyone dares to admit. And as the subterfuge is laid bare, Harvath must examine his own career of hunting down and killing terrorists to ask himself if he has what it takes to help one of the world's worst go free.That answer will lead him on the most perilous journey of his life, where the only thing that can save him, and the woman he is trying to rescue, is his own government's refusal to admit he even exists.Brimming with the kind of ripped-from-the-headlines authenticity only someone with Brad Thor's military and intelligence experience could bring to the table,The Apostledoubles down on the blockbuster success ofThe Last Patriotand reaffirms Thor's status as the master of the political thriller.	2009-06-30	Simon & Schuster						ZZZ000000
9780380707638	Stephen Hawking's Universe,An Introduction to the Most Remarkable Scientist of Our Time	John Boslough		Here is an intimate glimpse of the greatest scientist of our day, the brilliant physicist confined to a wheelchair whose A Brief History of Time has become the first worldwide scientific bestseller of the century. The story of Stephen Hawking's relentless quest for the secret of the origins of the universe will change forever the way you look at the stars . . . and your place among them.	1989-06-01	Avon Books						ZZZ000000
9780380761876	Monologues for Young Actors	Lorraine Cohen		In professional and student theater alike, a good monlogue can often mean the difference between a "Thank you . . . Next!" and a call-back. But sometimes it's hard for an aspiring actor to find the absolutely right audition piece that suits his or her personal style, type or age group.Monologues For Young Actors is a unique and invaluable collection of dramatic speeches from some of the world's greatest plays -- chosen specifically for actors in their teens and early twenties.Whether you're looking for something comedic or tragic, contemporary or classic, unorthodox or naturalistic, this superb compilation has the monologue you need -- an indispensible tool to help you hone you craft . . . and land that role.	1994-08-01	Avon						ZZZ000000
9780060092573	The Terminal Man	Michael Crichton		Harry Benson is prone to violent, uncontrollable seizures and is under police guard after attacking two people. Dr. Roger McPherson, head of the prestigious Neuropsychiatric Research Unit at University Hospital in Los Angeles, is convinced he can cure Benson through a procedure called Stage Three. During this highly specialized experimental surgery, electrodes will be place in the patient's brain, sending monitored, soothing pulses to its pleasure canyons. Though the operation is a success, there is an unforseen development. Benson learns how to control the pulses and is increasing their frequency. He escapes -- a homicidal maniac loose in the city -- and nothing will stop his murderous rampages or impede his deadly agenda. . .	2002-10-17	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780380788132	Stolen Kisses	Suzanne Enoch		Accustomed to having ladies fawn all over him, Jack Faraday, the Marquis of Dansbury, is outraged when Lilith Benton, the "Ice Queen", publicly snubs him. Infuriated, Jack vows to seduce the proper miss. Yet Jack's thoughts of revenge turn to ardor as he finds himself enjoying Lilith's attention. And as a series of wild escapades melts Lilith's tattered reserve, she opens her heart to Jack's love.	1997-09-01	Avon Books						ZZZ000000
9780061138096	Seduction Is Forever	Jenna Petersen		Daring, beautiful, and fiercely intelligent, Emily Redgrave has always seemed to me to be invincible. But after her recent encounter with a deadly assassin, I believe it is best for both Emily and this agency if her next assignment poses less risk of harm to her nimble body.   Her mission: She must do everything in her power to defend Grant Ashbury, the very powerful—and very handsome—Lord Westfield, against the nameless, faceless enemies who seek his utter destruction. Unbeknownst to Emily, Grant will be engaged in his own mission for the Crown—to protect her.   Potential difficulties: Destined to chase each other in circles around London, Emily and Grant will be easily frustrated . . . and easily distracted by every flicker of passion between them. Though it could put them in danger, a seduction will be nearly impossible to resist.	2007-09-06	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780345441751	Criminal Intent	William Bernhardt		When a priest with radical ideas and a parish council with traditional values lock horns over the beliefs they hold most sacred, there’s bound to be controversy—and consequences. But murder crosses the line between committing a sin and committing a crime, turning a battle over faith into a battle for justice. And smack in the middle of the explosive case is Tulsa attorney Ben Kincaid.Kincaid rescued Father Daniel Beale once before. When the priest’s renegade views and violent temper nearly cost him his position as rector of St. Benedict’s Church, Ben intervened and saved the day. Now Beale is the prime suspect in the brutal murder of a female parishioner—though lack of evidence has left the case unsolved. But as Father Beale struggles to escape the shadow of suspicion, another woman is savagely slaughtered. And this time, Ben himself discovers Beale literally red-handed . . . with the blood of the victim.As Father Beale declares his innocence, Ben and his team feverishly work to build a defense that will deliver the man of God from a date with the death chamber. But each new revelation that emerges in the packed courtroom only serves to tilt the scales increasingly in the prosecution’s favor. And Father Beale’s own shocking testimony ignites a firestorm of controversy that could doom his last best hope for acquittal. In his heart and in his gut, Ben knows Father Beale is innocent. But proving it means taking a leap of faith that will plunge Ben into the whirlpool of dark secrets and dangerous intentions that surround St. Benedict’s. And ultimately, it will force the idealistic attorney to confront the chilling face of evil in the most unexpected of places.Criminal Intent proves beyond a reasonable doubt that the author of Murder One has earned his critical reputation as the master of the courtroom drama whose novels of legal suspense consistently offer a one-of-a-kind reading experience.From the Hardcover edition.	2003-07-01	Ballantine Books						ZZZ000000
9780345368751	Foucault's pendulum	Umberto Eco		"As brilliant and quirky as THE NAME OF THE ROSE, as mischievous and wide-raning....A virtuoso performance."THE SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLEThree clever book editors, inspired by an extraordinary fable they heard years befoe, decide to have a little fun. Randomly feeding esoteric bits of knowledge into an incredible computer capable of inventing connections between all their entires, they think they are creating a long lazy game--until the game starts taking over....Here is an incredible journey of thought and history, memory and fantasy, a tour de force as enthralling as anything Umberto Eco--or indeed anyone--has ever devised.	1990-11-13	Ballantine Books						ZZZ000000
9781400064885	There's a business in every woman,a 7-step guide to discovering, starting, and building the business of your dreams	Ann M. Holmes		“Ann Holmes has created the perfect guide to help women turn their dreams into a reality.” –Donna Mullen Good, CEO of the Center for Women & EnterpriseIf you’ve ever dreamed of starting your own business, or if you’ve ever wondered about how to build up the business you already run, but worry because you don’t have an MBA or a couple of years of college business courses, this book is for you. Based on extensive interviews with more than eighty women entrepreneurs from around the country, There’s a Business in Every Woman offers inspiring success stories (and instructive missteps) in a wide range of businesses–from catering, landscaping, personal training, and wedding and events planning to interior and clothing design, staffing, manufacturing, and product design.What the trailblazing women in this book have in common is a good idea and the courage to turn a dream into a money-making reality through hard work, passion, and drive. Take, for instance, the woman who started an IT consulting company in her basement and now has more than a thousand employees in three states; two jogging buddies who commiserated about their uncomfortable bras and went on to design and produce a jog bra, creating a company that Playtex ultimately bought for millions; the mom whose hand-made birthday-party invitations made such a splash that she launched her own custom party invitation company, which she expanded to include holiday cards, gift tags, bags, and more; the sixty-five-year-old corporate wife and mother who applied her domestic talents to opening a profitable B&B; the twenty-three-year-old who bought a fledging real estate franchise and now earns a healthy six figures annually.These success stories highlight the practical: focusing on what you’re good at; setting up your business properly–even if you are starting out from your basement or garage; getting financial backing when you need it; marketing your products with sizzle; networking like the “good old boys”; understanding how and when to diversify your products or services; managing your growth; and, most important, knowing what your company is worth and when it might be lucrative to cash out.An accessible crash course in starting and running your own business, There’s a Business in Every Woman will teach you everything you need to know to turn your pipedream into serious profits.	2007-02-27	Ballantine Books						ZZZ000000
9780345492302	Until I find you,a novel	John Irving		Den 4-årige Jack drager med sin mor til Europa for at lede efter den forsvundne far, uden resultat. Da Jack er blevet en etableret skuespiller, føler han, at der mangler noget i hans tilværelse, og han drager igen til Europa for at finde sandheden om sin far og sig selv.	2006-06	Ballantine						ZZZ000000
9780345467454	A cold heart	Jonathan Kellerman			2003	Ballantine Books						ZZZ000000
9780345494405	Perfectly Yourself,9 Lessons for Enduring Happiness	Matthew Kelly		“Just be yourself!” People say it all the time, but how do we actually live it?For more than a decade Matthew Kelly has been helping people discover the best version of themselves. Now, in Perfectly Yourself, he addresses the opportunities and obstacles that we encounter once we decide to ask life’s big questions: Who am I? What am I here for? Focusing on nine powerful and practical lessons, Kelly shows us how to find lasting happiness in a changing world.We all have an insatiable need to grow and improve: Every year millions of us buy books and attend workshops in the hope that we will lose weight, improve our relationships, conquer debt, accomplish more in our careers, achieve financial independence, reach spiritual enlightenment, become better parents or lovers–the list goes on. We yearn for progress. And yet, many of us fail to achieve the transformations we desire. “People don’t fail because they want to fail,” Kelly explains. “People don’t go on a diet because they want to get fat. People don’t get married to get divorced. Whether we are dealing with health and wellness, relationships, finances, spirituality, or career, people want to advance. Personal development animates us, brings us to life. In many cases one diet is as good as the next. One financial plan is as good as another. People are smart enough to work out which are the best, but still so many fail. We have to ask ourselves: Why?“Fundamental to all transformation is understanding the dynamics of change so that we can be aware of the obstacles and opportunities that await us when we attempt to transform an area of our lives.”Kelly teaches us how to find the balance between accepting ourselves for who we are and challenging ourselves to become all we are capable of being. He encourages us to unify the many aspects of our lives, and reveals how to move beyond other people’s expectations of who and what we should be.Perfectly Yourself is for anyone who has ever failed at a diet, survived the collapse of a relationship, or wondered if he or she will ever find a fulfilling career. It’s a book for all of us who long to be at peace with who we are, where we are, and what we are doing, not in some distant tomorrow but here and now–today.	2006-10-31	Random House Publishing Group						ZZZ000000
9780449911952	Enthusiasm Makes the Difference	Norman Vincent Peale		In this rich, rewarding book, Dr. Peale brings the problems of today into focus and provides hard-hitting, practical advice on how to cope with them by boosting the enthusiasm you bring to each new day. Enthusiasm is the magic ingredient that can -- Help you persuade others -- Sharpen your mind -- Improve your problem-solving abilities -- Overcome your fears -- Make your job more rewarding -- Build self-confidence -- Calm your tensions -- Give you insight into your problems -- Kindle the powerful motivation that makes things happen	1996-09-29	Ballantine Books						ZZZ000000
9780345442727	It Was a Dark and Stormy Night, Snoopy	Charles M. Schulz		It’s the writer’s life for Snoopy!The world’s most talented beagle has found a new career—as a writer, of course! The Literary Ace works feverishly on his typewriter, day and night, atop his doghouse. And while Snoopy is busy writing the next great American novel, you can be sure that the rest of the Peanuts gang will try to get in on the action—especially that “round-headed kid,” Charlie Brown. ’Cause it just wouldn’t be a story without some great characters—the ones right under our favorite doggy virtuoso’s nose!	2004-03-02	Ballantine Books						ZZZ000000
9780553819694	Bryant and May on the Loose	Christopher Fowler		Long regarded an anachronism and a thorn in the side of its superiors, the Peculiar Crimes Unit is to be disbanded. For octogenarian detectives Arthur Bryant and John May, it seems retirement is now the only option. But then a headless body is found in a freezer, and on the perimeter of a massive construction site near King's Cross, a gigantic figure has been spotted u dressed in deerskin and sporting antlers made of knives and suddenly, with limited resources and very little time, the PCU are back in businessa In the panoply of great fictional detective duos, Bryant andamp; May rank alongside (and somewhere in between) Holmes andamp; Watson and Mulder andamp; Scullya	2010-09-01	Transworld Publishers Limited						FIC022000
9780593059807	Mini Shopaholic	Sophie Kinsella		The much-anticipated new Shopaholic novel. Becky Bloomwood is back - with a mini shopaholic!	2010	Transworld Publishers Limited						FIC000000
9780553818802	The White Marriage	Charlotte Bingham		A wonderfully romantic and nostalgic novel set in the 1950s about the destruction of innocence. Sunny's mundane country life is changed over night when handsome, stylish Gray's Bentley breaks down outside her parents' cottage in Rushington. It seems that he may have fallen in love with her. Although Sunny herself remains unconvinced, her best friend Arietta believes that Sunny is soon to be set on the road to wealth and happiness. Shortly after meeting Gray for the second time at a local ball, Sunny is invited out by his close friend, the beautiful socialite, Leandra Fortescue, who tells her over lunch that Gray wants to marry her if she will accept certain conditions. Sunny does accept, even as Arietta is leaving Rushington to work in London. Sunny soon joins Arietta at her cheerfully chaotic lodgings. It is here that she realizes that she can find the sort of contentment that has eluded sophisticates such as Gray and Leandra. Here too she meets Hart and, despite being engaged to Gray, falls in love with him, just as Arietta has fallen for his friend, jazz-playing painter, Sam. By chance Arietta comes into a secret about Gray, but is afraid to tell Sunny, and yet not to tell her might ruin her future. From the Hardcover edition.	2007-12-04	Bantam						ZZZ000000
9780553817416	An Aristocratic Affair	Janet Gleeson		The life of Harriet Spencer, Countess of Bessborough, was one of both respectability and high scandal. The aristocracy of the eighteenth century were the A-list celebrities of the day; their lives, loves, fashions and misfortunes avidly reported in the press. They dominated the political world as well as the social, and Harriet was at the very heart of this powerful clique. She was born into the wealth and privilege of the Spencer family ndash; and was the great-great-great-aunt of Diana, Princess of Wales. Following in the train of her sister, the charismatic Georgiana, Duchess of Devonshire, Harriet became one of the most glamorous and influential women of the Regency age. At a time when marriage was an aristocratic woman's only career choice, Harriet made an excellent match, to Frederick, Viscount Duncannon. But the marriage proved unhappy and Harriet soon embarked on a series of illicit affairs, including one with the charismatic playwright Richard Sheridan. In Naples she met and fell in love with the handsome young aristocrat Lord Granville Leveson Gower, a man twelve years her junior. And so began the affair that became the last, untold story of enduring love in the Regency period, an open secret within just a tiny circle. It only ended when Granville married her niece, Georgiana's daughter, taking into his care the two illegitimate children he had by Harriet. Harriet's was a life intertwined with public scandal, royal intrigue and high political drama. She was petted and spoiled by Marie Antoinette; she witnessed the French Revolution and George III's madness. She successfully dodged the Prince Regent's amorous advances; quarrelled bitterly with Byron, when her daughter Caroline Lamb embarked on a scandalous affair with him; and travelled through war-torn Europe during the rise and fall of Napoleon. She survived her sister Georgiana by twenty years, living to see the Battle of Waterloo and the coronation of George IV. An Aristocratic Affair opens a window on aristocratic life at its most intimate, and brings one of the Regency period's most colourful characters vividly to life.	2007-09-03	Bantam Books						ZZZ000000
9780593054901	The dark river	John Twelve Hawks		Fear stalks our lives. In the press. On the television. Over the airwaves. Across the internet. Everywhere we go, someone somewhere is always watching. Waiting for the mistake that will reveal secrets, truths, lies, the real story or what they want to believe.No longer is anonymity a given right.We are being controlled without our knowledge and we don't appear to care. Daily we sacrifice little freedoms that will never be returned. We are all victims.They are some who will fight to the death to protect those freedoms. They will not allow the forces of commerce and ideology to dictate their lives. They are off the grid. Gabriel Corrigan is one such man. The system doesn't like it. It says that you cannot opt out, that you have to participate. And it will do whatever it takes to return Gabriel to the fold - alive or dead. He can run but he can't hide - forever...	2007-07-31	Bantam						ZZZ000000
9780593060872	Fairway to Hell	Carl Hiaasen		In the summer of 2005, Carl Hiaasen picked up a golf club again for the first time in 32 years. He was not the best of players in 1973, and had certainly not got any younger in the intervening period. Undeterred, and weighed down by an increasing quantity of golf equipment and game-enhancing products acquired from adverts on The Golf Channel, who can see a sucker coming, Carl was soon hacking and shanking his way around the courses of Florida, and his obsession with the sport was rekindled. Animals were harmed during the making of this book. Over the course of the next 18 months, Carl's game got better, then worse, then slightly better, then much worse again, and he even managed to jinx Tiger Woods. On the way to finally summoning up the courage to compete in an actual tournament himself, Carl details the hilarious consequences of his misguided belief that he could actually play the game. We also learn that Justin Timberlake has a better golf handicap (6) than Bob Dylan (17), that Eagle Trace golf course contains not one trace of an eagle, and that Mind Drive capsules are not necessarily a good idea. But through all the misery and frustration (save the odd glorious shot), golf took up residence in Carl's heart again. Fairway to Hell is the ultimate tale of the trials and tribulations of the amateur golfer, but also the heart-warming story of how the game brought together the generations of the Hiaasen family.	2008-08-14	Bantam						FIC000000
9780553814101	Mosaic	Soheir Khashoggi		Set Against The Bustling Backdrop Of New York City And The Exotic Splendour Of Jordan, Mosaic Is A Story Of Love And Betrayal, Of A Clash Of Cultures And Traditions - And One Woman'S Struggle To Recapture Her Life.Like Many Working Mothers, Dina Ahmed Has Become Adept At Juggling Her Family Life With Her Work Commitments. The Owner Of Mosaic, The Thriving Floral Design Business She Has Worked Hard To Establish, Dina Has Been Blessed With Success, Beauty And, Most Importantly, A Happy Family. But One Fateful Day She Returns To Her Lavish Upper East Side Home To Discover That Her Six-Year-Old Twins Have Vanished - And Very Suddenly, Her Once Comfortable Life Is Turned Upside Down.It Is Only After Many Desperate Phone Calls - And Anxious Hours Spent Piecing The Puzzle Together - That Dina Is Forced To Accept The Terrible Truth: Her Husband, Karim, Has Snatched The Twins And Has Returned To Jordon With Them To Begin A New Life. Distraught But Determined To Fight For Her Children, Dina Turns To Her Friends, Emmeline And Sarah - And To John Constantine, The One Man She Must Learn To Trust If She Can Ever Hope To Rebuild Her Shattered Life.	2003	Bantam						ZZZ000000
9780385609371	Where's My Cow?	Terry Pratchett&Melvyn Grant		At six o'clock every day, without fail, with no excuses, Sam Vimes must go home to readWhere's My Cow?, with all the right farmyard noises, to his little boy. There are some things you have to do. It is the most loved and chewed book in the world. But his father wonders why it is full of moo-cows and baa-lambs when Young Sam will only ever see them cooked on a plate. He can think of a more useful book for a boy who lives in a city. So Sam Vimes starts adapting the story. A story with streets, not fields. A book with rogues and villains. A book about the place where he'll grow up.	2005-09-27	Doubleday						ZZZ000000
9780553813708	The mind's eye,an essential guide to boosting your mental power	Ian H. Robertson		A Picture Is Worth A Thousand Words, Or So They Say. Yet Our World, Our Civilisation Has Grown Up On A Foundation Of Words Laws, Constitutions, Treaties, Charters, Creeds Words That Have Tamed And Liberated In Equal Measure. Our Education, From Earliest Childhood, Emphasises The Importance Of Words. We Take The World Before Our Eyes And Define It In A Verbal Language, And In So Doing We Capture It, Understand It, Celebrate It. But There Are Costs. In Our Reliance On The Cold Efficency Of Language We Have Neglected The Wordless Ways Of The Brain. The Uniquely Complex Human Mind Is Capable Of The Most Exquisite Images And Visions. But Visualisation Is Not Merely About Sight And The Imagined, It Is About The Way We Interact With The World Through Our Five Senses.In The Mind'S Eye Ian Robertson Demonstrates How We Are Underutilising Our Brain S Powers Of Visualisation. Taking The Lessons Of Hard Science, He Explains How The Brain Works And How Important Visualisation Can Be. But More Importantly, How We Can All Unleash The Awesome Power Of Our Brains. Following Simple Exercises Ian Robertson Describes How Visualisation Can:Improve Memory And Learning Power Be The Key To Creative Thinking And Problem SolvingOffer Powerful Ways Of Combating StressFight Physical Illness And PainEnrich Musical And Artistic ExperienceEnhance Sporting Skill And StrengthIn His Trademark Accessible And Imaginative Style, Ian Robertson Brings To Life The Hidden Workings Of The Brain, And Teaches Us All How We Can Best Capitalise On Our Inate Abilities. A Must Read For Anyone Interested In How The Brain Works, Or Unlocking Our Mind S Full Potential.	2003-03-02	Bantam						ZZZ000000
9780553813951	Nights in Rodanthe	Nicholas Sparks		At 45, Adrienne Willis must rethink her life when her husband abandons her for a younger woman. Reeling with heartache, she flees to the small coastal town of Rodanthe to tend to a friend's inn for the weekend where she meets Paul Flanner, who is escaping his own shattered past.	2003-10-13	Bantam Books						ZZZ000000
9780593056776	A Good Woman	Danielle Steel		Nineteen-year-old Annabelle Worthington was born into a life of privilege, raised amid the glamour of New York society, with glorious homes on Fifth Avenue and in Newport, Rhode Island. But everything changed on a cold April day in 1912, when the sinking of the Titanic shattered her family and her privileged world forever. Finding strength within her grief, Annabelle pours herself into volunteer work, nursing the poor, igniting a passion for medicine that would shape the course of her life. But for Annabelle, first love, and a seemingly idyllic marriage, will soon bring grief - this time caused by the secrets of the human heart. Betrayed and pursued by a scandal she does not deserve, Annabelle flees New York for war-ravaged France, hoping to lose herself in a life of service. There, in the heart of the First World War, in a groundbreaking field hospital run by women, Annabelle finds her true calling, working as an ambulance medic on the front lines, studying medicine, saving lives. And when the war ends, Annabelle begins a new life in Paris - now a doctor, a mother, her past almost forgotten. . . Until a fateful meeting opens her heart to the world she had left behind. Finding strength in the most unlikely of friendships, pulling together the broken fragments of her life, Annabelle will return to New York one more time - this time as a changed woman, a woman of substance, infused with life's experience, building a future filled with hope . . . out of the rich soil of the past.	2008-11-06	BANTAM UK						ZZZ000000
9780553588934	The Pill Book	Harold M. Silverman		For more than two decades, millions of consumers have trusted The Pill Book to provide official, FDA-approved drug information plus guidelines from leading pharmacists. Each drug is profiled in a concise, readable, and easy-to-understand entry, making The Pill Book the perfect reference when you have questions about the medications your doctor prescribes.The most up-to-date information about the more than 1,800 most commonly prescribed drugs in the United States:• Generic and brand-name listings that can help you save money• What the drug is for, and how it works• Usual dosages, and what to do if a dose is skipped• Side effects and possible adverse reactions, highlighted for quick reference• Interactions with other drugs and food• Overdose and addiction potential• Alcohol-free and sugar-free medications• The most popular self-injected medications and their safe handling• Information for seniors, pregnant and breast-feeding women, children, and others with special needs• Cautions and warnings, and when to call your doctor• 32 pages of actual-size color photographs of prescription pills	2008-04-29	Bantam Books						ZZZ000000
9780553569490	Dolley,a novel of Dolley Madison in love and war	Rita Mae Brown		She had the president's ear and the nation's heart.She's the wife of the fourth president of the United States; a spirited charmer who adores parties, the latest French fashions, and the tender, brilliant man who is her husband. But while many love her, few suspect how complex Dolley Madison really is.Only in the pages of her diary—as imagined by novelist Rita Mae Brown—can Dolley fully reveal herself. And there we discover the real first lady—impulsive, courageous, and wise—as she faces her harshest trial: in 1814, the United States is once more at war with mighty Britain, and her beloved James is the most hated man in America.From the White House receptions she gaily presides over to her wild escape from a Washington under siege, Dolley gives us a legend ,made warmly human. For there has never been a first lady so testedèor one who came through the fire so brilliantly.	1995-04-01	Bantam Books						ZZZ000000
9780553816679	The present,the gift that makes you happy and successful at work and in life	Spencer Johnson			2003-10-14	Bantam Books						ZZZ000000
9780553588927	The Pill Book	Harold M. Silverman		For more than two decades, millions of consumers have trusted The Pill Book to provide official FDA-approved drug information plus guidelines from leading pharmacists. Each drug is profiled in a concise readable, and easy-to-understand entry, making The Pill Book the perfect reference when you have questions about the medications your doctor prescribes.The most up-to-date information about the more than 1,800 most commonly prescribed drugs in the United States: • Generic and brand-name listings that can help you save money• What the drug is for, and how it works• Usual dosages, and what to do if a dose is skipped• Side effects and possible adverse reactions,  highlighted for quick reference• Interactions with other drugs and food• Overdose and addiction potential• Alcohol-free and sugar-free medications• The most popular self-injected medications and their safe handling • Information for seniors, pregnant and breast-feeding  women, children, and others with special needs• Cautions and warnings, and when to call your doctor• 32 pages of actual-size color photographs of prescription pills	2006-04-25	Bantam Books						ZZZ000000
9780553805239	In Arabian nights,a caravan of Moroccan dreams	Tahir Shah		Tahir Shah'sThe Caliph's House,describing his first year in Casablanca, was hailed by critics and compared to such travel classics asA Year in ProvenceandUnder the Tuscan Sun. Now Shah takes us deeper into the heart of this exotic and magical land to uncover mysteries that have been hidden from Western eyes for centuries.... In this entertaining and penetrating book, Tahir sets out on a bold new journey across Morocco that becomes an adventure worthy of the mythicalArabian Nights. As he wends his way through the labyrinthine medinas of Fez and Marrakesh, traverses the Sahara sands, and tastes the hospitality of ordinary Moroccans, Tahir collects a dazzling treasury of traditional stories, gleaned from the heritage ofA Thousand andOne Nights. The tales, recounted by a vivid cast of characters, reveal fragments of wisdom and an oriental way of thinking that is both enthralling and fresh. A link in the chain of scholars and teachers who have passed these stories down for centuries like a baton in a relay race, Shah reaches layers of culture that most visitors hardly realize exist, and eventually discovers the story living in his own heart. Along the way he describes the colors, characters, and the passion of Morocco, and comes to understand why it is such an enchanting land. From master masons who labor only at night to Sufi wise men who write for soap operas, and Tuareg guides afflicted by reality TV,In Arabian Nightstakes us on an unforgettable journey, shining a light on facets of a society that are normally left in darkness. From the Hardcover edition.	2007-12-26	Bantam Books						ZZZ000000
9780767914352	Catch Me If You Can	Frank W. Abagnale			2000	Broadway Books						ZZZ000000
9789812467928	Mumbai Berlitz Pocket Guide	Berlitz Publishing		Mumbai, the commercial and entertainment capital of India, is located on the west coast. From the Gateway of India to the Kanheri Caves this guide provides a complete overview to all the best places to visit.	2006-07-24	Berlitz Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780552774550	Brick lane	Monica Ali			2007	Black Swan						FIC000000
9780552775663	The Lassa Ward,One Man's Fight Against One of the World's Deadliest Diseases	Ross Donaldson		In the summer of 2003, a perilous helicopter descent delivered Ross Donaldson, an American medical student in his twenties, into Sierra Leone. With abundant schooling but little practical experience, Ross wanted to save the world. Little did he know that by the end of his journey, it would be he who would need rescue. With rebels fighting just across the border in Liberia, humanitarian need quickly swept Ross southward towards makeshift refugee camps and the heart of danger. There, he had his first terrifying encounter with the highly contagious Lassa Virus. Working on the Lassa Fever Ward, he was wholly unprepared for what he would find, and for twist of fate that saw him running the facility alone, with only a handful of untrained nurses to help him. Based on his personal journal, this gripping memoir details the time Ross spent on the Lassa Ward, and his own battle with a potentially fatal illness. It is a real-life thriller that not only tells the adventure-packed tale of a modern-day hero, but also bears witness to a people in need, and the struggle of those who risk their daily comforts, and even their lives, to help them.	2010	Transworld Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780752226507	Match Annual 2009	MATCH!		From the UK's most popular soccer magazine comes the essential annual for fans of the beautiful game. Packed with all of Match's best-loved features including Matchman, the magazine's resident cartoon character, plus all the usual quizzes, games, and posters of the top players and teams that readers love. Match is the annual that all soccer fans want and all the soccer stars want to be in!	2008-11-10	Macmillan UK						ZZZ000000
9781842706206	Shadows in the Twilight	Henning Mankell		Joel Will Soon Be Twelve, And He Thinks Nothing'S Going On In The Small Community Where He Lives. But He'S Wrong There. One Day, A Miracle Happens To Him. He'S Very Nearly Run Over By A Bus, But Is Miraculously Unhurt. Now, What Do You Do When A Miracle Has Come Your Way? Shouldn'T You Show Gratitude Somehow? Surely A Good Deed Of Some Sort Is In Order. But How? A Humorous, Wise,And Understanding Portrait Of A Boy About To Leave Childhood Behind Him, This Is An Independent Sequel To The Award-Winning And Much-Praised A Bridge To The Stars.	2007	Andersen Press						ZZZ000000
9780385518512	Clapton,the autobiography	Eric Clapton		“I found a pattern in my behavior that had been repeating itself for years, decades even. Bad choices were my specialty, and if something honest and decent came along, I would shun it or run the other way.”With striking intimacy and candor, Eric Clapton tells the story of his eventful and inspiring life in this poignant and honest autobiography. More than a rock star, he is an icon, a living embodiment of the history of rock music. Well known for his reserve in a profession marked by self-promotion, flamboyance, and spin, he now chronicles, for the first time, his remarkable personal and professional journeys. Born illegitimate in 1945 and raised by his grandparents, Eric never knew his father and, until the age of nine, believed his actual mother to be his sister. In his early teens his solace was the guitar, and his incredible talent would make him a cult hero in the clubs of Britain and inspire devoted fans to scrawl “Clapton is God” on the walls of London’s Underground. With the formation of Cream, the world's first supergroup, he became a worldwide superstar, but conflicting personalities tore the band apart within two years. His stints in Blind Faith, in Delaney and Bonnie and Friends, and in Derek and the Dominos were also short-lived but yielded some of the most enduring songs in history, including the classic “Layla.” During the late sixties he played as a guest with Jimi Hendrix and Bob Dylan, as well as the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, and longtime friend George Harrison. It was while working with the latter that he fell for George’s wife, Pattie Boyd, a seemingly unrequited love that led him to the depths of despair, self-imposed seclusion, and drug addiction. By the early seventies he had overcome his addiction and released the bestselling album 461 Ocean Boulevard, with its massive hit “I Shot the Sheriff.” He followed that with the platinum album Slowhand, which included “Wonderful Tonight,” the touching love song to Pattie, whom he finally married at the end of 1979. A short time later, however, Eric had replaced heroin with alcohol as his preferred vice, following a pattern of behavior that not only was detrimental to his music but contributed to the eventual breakup of his marriage. In the eighties he would battle and begin his recovery from alcoholism and become a father. But just as his life was coming together, he was struck by a terrible blow: His beloved four-year-old son, Conor, died in a freak accident. At an earlier time Eric might have coped with this tragedy by fleeing into a world of addiction. But now a much stronger man, he took refuge in music, responding with the achingly beautiful “Tears in Heaven.”Clapton is the powerfully written story of a survivor, a man who has achieved the pinnacle of success despite extraordinary demons. It is one of the most compelling memoirs of our time.	2007-10-09	Broadway Books						ZZZ000000
9780767926027	The Da Vinci Code Illustrated Screenplay,Behind the Scenes of the Major Motion Picture	Akiva Goldsman&Dan Brown&Ron Howard&John Calley&Brian Grazer		The Da Vinci Code Illustrated Screenplay goes behind the scenes of one of the most highly anticipated movies of all time, created by Academy Award®–winning filmmakers Ron Howard, Brian Grazer, and Akiva Goldsman.  Offering unprecedented access to the tightly guarded “closed set,” and a view of the filmmaking process that has never been seen publicly, screenwriter Goldsman provides a backstage look at the incredible journey to bring Dan Brown’s record-setting novel to the big screen.  Goldsman’s richly rendered screenplay is included here in its entirety.  It offers a fascinating new way to experience the story—and includes a number of moments (and even full scenes) that do not appear in the final cut of the movie. Lavishly illustrated with 275 images of the actors and filmmakers—from both the movie set and the film itself—this behind-the-scenes features include: • Filming in the Louvre in the dead of night, and re-creating a 400-foot section of the museum’s Grand Gallery on a soundstage—down to the precise architectural details, and complete with 120 oil-painting masterpieces  • The full digital and soundstage re-creation of the Church of Saint-Sulpice • The transformation of Lincolnshire’s Lincoln Cathedral into London’s Westminster Abbey, and the reproduction of Sir Isaac Newton’s enormous tomb• Handwritten notes on pages from Ron Howard’s script • The evolution of script dialogue as it progressed from an early draft of the screenplay to final shooting form • Dozens of never-before-seen storyboards that were used to block out scenes before filming commenced  For any fan of the filmmaking process, and of the extraordinary movie and novel, this exquisitely produced book will be an invaluable companion.	2006-05-19	Broadway Books						ZZZ000000
9788181930293	Sex	Doctorndtv.Com		Health and happiness are as much a part of sex as are myths and fallacies, taboos and fantasies. In a simple question answer format this book aims to clear the myriad doubts that exist in young minds and at times lead to risky behaviour. By stressing the need for a healthy expression of this energy within us, this user-friendly guide puts sex education in a scientific perspective.	2007-01-01	Byword Books Private Limited						ZZZ000000
9780786720576	Barack Obama in his own words	Barack Obama&Lisa Rogak		Since delivering his keynote speech at the 2004 Democratic National Convention, Barack Obama has been hailed as the clear savior of not only the Democratic party, but of the integrity of American politics. Despite the fact that he burst onto the national scene seemingly overnight, his name recognition has grown by leaps and bounds ever since.Barack Obama in His Own Words, a book of quotes from the Illinois Senator, allows those who aren't as familiar with his politics to learn quickly where he stands on abortion, religion, AIDS, his critics, foreign policy, Iraq, the War on Terror, unemployment, gay marriage, and a host of other important issues facing America and the world.	2007-03-27	Carroll & Graf						ZZZ000000
9788175970748	The Holy Geeta	Swami Chinmayananda		Religion Is Philosophy In Action. If The Upanisads Are The Textbooks Of Philosophical Principles Discussing Man, World And God, The Geeta Is A Handbook Of Instructions To Live The Subtle Philosophical Principles Of Vedanta. The Poet Seer Vyasa Chose The Art Of Living And The Science Of Man Making As The Theme Of The Bhagawad Geeta. Swami Chinmayananda In His Commentary Shows How To Bring Love, Spiritual Beauty, Laughter And Cheer Into Our World Of Fears And Competitions, Conflicts And Confusions, Joys And Sorrows.		Chinmaya Mission						ZZZ000000
9780552556798	Witch Baby and Me On Stage	Debi Gliori		It's spring-time, coming up to Witch Baby Daisy's second birthday. Her nursery class are putting on a musical performance, helped by the older children, including big sister Lily. Meanwhile Mum is trying to potty train Daisy, unaware that as soon as she succeeds, Daisy will be reclaimed by the witches who live on the hill, who've only been waiting for their little protegee to be out of nappies before they take her 'home'. Happily, Daisy is so rubbish at toilet training that Lily persuades Mum to drop the idea, and the day is saved! The spring concert is a great success, despite Daisy turning Lily's bagpipes into a spider, and the witches are distracted by spells for romance. Another charming, brilliantly plotted and gorgeously illustrated gem of a book by this outstandingly talented author/illustrator.	2010	Transworld Publishers Limited						JUV000000
9780552149457	The Strangler	William Landay		Boston, 1963. A city on the edge. The Boston Strangler has already claimed a dozen victims. For the three Daley brothers, crime is very much the family business but the Strangler's murderous spree is about to bring violent death a lot closer to home: Joe - tough-talking cop whose gambling habits - fast women, slow horses - drag him down into the city's gangland. Michael - Harvard-educated lawyer, tasked to bring the Strangler to justice. Ricky - expert burglar and the devil-may-care youngest son who is used to leading a charmed life. When the Strangler strikes, they will all be forced to look into their family's own lethal secrets and the one death in the past that has changed them forever'Ś	2008-01-14	Corgi						ZZZ000000
9780552562447	The Sorceress	Michael Scott		Dr John Dee has destroyed Paris in his mission to find Nicholas Flamel and Sophie and Josh Newman. The two missing pages of the book of Abraham the Mage are still with them and the Dark Elders need them for the Final Summoning. They will not rest until th	2010	RHCB						ZZZ000000
9780552150927	Natasha's Dream	Mary Jane Staples		A thrilling, romantic adventure from the bestselling author of the Adams family sagas. 1925, a damp wintry night in Berlin. Englishman Philip Gibson, in Germany to seek the answers to a tantalizing mystery surrounding the Grand Duchess Anastasia, witnesses an attack on Natasha, a young woman who has fled from Russia. When Philip takes the fragile Natasha in to help her recuperate, he finds himself at the heart of another mystery.	2010	Transworld Publishers Limited						FIC008000
9780307354198	A tragic legacy,how a good vs. evil mentality destroyed the Bush presidency	Glenn Greenwald		What will be the legacy of President George Walker Bush? In this fascinating, timely book, Glenn Greenwald examines the Bush presidency and its long-term effect on the nation. What began on shaky, uncertain ground and was bolstered and propelled by tragedy, has ultimately faltered and failed on the back of the dichotomous worldview—good versus evil—that once served it so well. In A Tragic Legacy, Greenwald charts the rise and steep fall of the current administration, dissecting the rhetoric and revealing the faulty ideals upon which George W. Bush built his policies.On September 12, 2001, President Bush addressed the nation and presented a very clear view of what was to come—a view that can be said to define his entire presidency: “This will be a monumental struggle of good versus evil.” Based on his own Christian faith and backed by biblical allusions, Bush’s worldview was basic and binary—and everyone was forced to choose a side. Riding high on public support, Bush sailed through the early “War on Terror,” easily defining our enemies and clearly setting an agenda for defeating them.But once the war became murkier—its target unclear, its combatants no longer seen in black-and-white—support for Bush and his policies dropped precipitously. Glenn Greenwald brilliantly reveals the reasons behind the collapse of Bush’s power and approval, and argues that his greatest weakness is the same rhetoric that once propelled him so far forward. Facing issues that could not be turned into simple good versus evil choices—the disaster of Hurricane Katrina, his plans for Social Security “reform,” and, most ironic, the failed Dubai ports deal—Bush faltered and fell. Now, Greenwald argues, Bush is trapped by his own choices, unable to break out of the mold that once served him so well, and indifferent to the consequences.A Tragic Legacy is the first true character study of one of the most controversial men ever to hold the office of president. Enlightening, powerful, and eye-opening, this is an in-depth look at the man whose incapability and cowboy logic have left America at risk.	2007	Crown Publishers						ZZZ000000
9788190575102	Stock Market Book	Ramdeo Media Ltd				Stock Market Book						ZZZ000000
9780440244196	One Night for Love	Mary Balogh		One reckless man . . . One passionate woman.Enter the world of Mary Balogh—the glittering ballrooms and vast country estates of Regency-era England, where romance, with all its mystery, magic, and surprises, comes vibrantly alive.It was a perfect morning in May . . . Neville Wyatt, Earl of Kilbourne, awaited his bride at the altar—when a ragged beggar woman raced down the aisle instead. The cream of the ton saw him stare, shocked, then declare that this was his wife! One night of passion was all he remembered as he beheld Lily, the woman he'd wed, loved, and lost on the battlefield in Portugal. Now he said he'd honor his commitment to her—regardless of the gulf that lay between them. Then Lily spoke her mind . . . She said she wanted only to start a new life—wanted only a husband who truly loved her. She had to leave him to learn how to meet his world on her terms. So Lily agreed to earn her keep as his aunt's companion and study the genteel arts. Soon she was the toast of the ton, every inch a countess fit for the earl, who vowed to prove to his remarkable wife that what he felt for her was far more than desire, that what he wanted from her was much more than . . . One Night for Love.	2007-07-31	Dell Publishing Company						ZZZ000000
9780440296409	The rule of four	Ian Caldwell&Dustin Thomason			2005	Bantam Dell						ZZZ000000
9780440296461	The Enemy	Lee Child		Jack Reacher. Hero. Loner. Soldier. Soldier’s son. An elite military cop, he was one of the army’s biggest stars. But in every soldier’s life, there is a turning point. One case that can shatter a career or turn a lawman into a renegade. And make him question words like honor, valor, and duty. For Jack Reacher, this is that case...	2005-04-30	Dell						FIC030000
9780440296065	The king of torts	John Grisham		Een jonge, niet erg succesvolle advocaat krijgt een zaak toegewezen die zijn hele leven op zijn kop zet.	2003	Dell						ZZZ000000
9780440244851	Savannah Heat	Kat Martin		Despite her disguise as Silver Jones, tavern maid, Lady Selena Hardwich-Jones was captured by bounty hunters combing the Georgia cost for the runaway with hair pale as spun silver and eyes like soft brown velvet. Forced onto a ship headed for her home in the West Indies, Silver vowed to make her break for freedom. But in the vessel's brash owner she found a will to match her own. Major Morgan Trask was determined to deliver his lovely human cargo safely to the aristocrat he had long admired.Was the ship's dashing captain Silver's stern captor—or her gallant protector? Tormented by doubts, tantalized by desire, Silver's emotions were in turmoil. For a secret shame kept her from telling Morgan. Trask the real reason for her flight, all the while fearing—and yearning—to trust him.As they sailed into treacherous waters, their very lives in peril, Silver and Morgan could no longer deny their hunger for each other ... as they surrendered to a passion that burned hotter than the Savannah heat.	2008-12-30	Bantam Books						ZZZ000000
9780440241850	Absent Friends	S. J. Rozan		Jimmy. Markie. Vicky. Sally. Tom. Jack. Marian. Their friendships are strong, and their futures bright—until one shattering night that changes everything. Two of the friends will die young. The others will be left to pick up the pieces in the shadow of a past that still echoes with hopes and regrets. And one—Jimmy, a firefighter—will die a hero twenty years later when the Twin Towers fall. But it is the suicide of a reporter and a colleague’s search for answers in the aftermath of a horrifying tragedy that will finally penetrate their silence. . . . For as the story of that night begins to unwind, a tangle of secret relationships and personal demons is exposed—until the truth erupts with stunning force.	2008-08-26	Dell Publishing Company						ZZZ000000
9780440296799	Beyond Reach	Karin Slaughter		With over seven million copies of her books sold in twenty-two countries, #1 internationally bestselling author Karin Slaughter delivers “crime fiction at its finest.” Now she returns to Grant county, Georgia where the lightning-fast plot, vivid forensic detail, and heart-stopping suspense will thrust readers into the darkest corners of their own imaginations—and push Slaughter to the top of the national bestseller lists. Sara Linton—resident medical examiner/pediatrician in Grant County, Georgia,—has plenty of hardship to deal with, including defending herself in a heartbreaking malpractice suit. So when her husband, Police chief Jeffery Tolliver, learns that his friend and coworker detective Lena Adams has been arrested for murder and needs Sara’s help, she is not sure she can handle the pressure of it all. But soon Sara an Jeffery are sitting through evidence, peeling back the layers of a mystery that grows darker by the day—until an intricate web of betrayal and vengeance begins to unravel. And suddenly the lives of Sara, Lena, and Jeffery are hanging by the slenderest of threads. From the Hardcover edition.	2008-03-27	Dell Publishing Company						ZZZ000000
9788190917339	So Be It	Latika Tripathi		We are all born complete and yet go about trying to find ourselves with that elusive thing we think we lack while all along it lies within us.We are all born complete and yet go about trying to find ourselves with that elusive thing we think we lack while all along it lies within us.This is the real life journey of an Indian woman who, from being a wild child, goes on to resolving her identity crisis and finding herself in the most unusual ways by comparing, seeking, clinging, withdrawing and eventually shining through thawing and emerging in her true avatar. For her life begins at forty...	2009	Latika Tripathi						BIO022000
9781405320870	Bali and Lombok	BRUCE CARPENTER&Andy Barski		New, expanded edition: the world's best full-colour travel guides just got better. Bali and Lombok, two neighbouring islands that share the same cultural heritage and volcanic landscape yet offer visitors two very different experiences. Bali with its riot of colours, noise and opulence can often overshadow quieter Lombok with its thatched villages and deserted beaches, a more recent addition to the tourist map. The Eyewitness Travel Guide to Bali & Lombok captures the variety and essence of both islands, directing you to the best sights and attractions that each of them has to offer.	2007-07-24	Dorling Kindersley						ZZZ000000
9781405317078	Las Vegas	David Stratton		A city like no other in the world, spectacular Las Vegas shimmers amid the Nevada Desert. Huge, flamboyant resorts, glittering casinos, museums, thrilling rides and a vast selection of shows offer a level of entertainment that simply cannot be found in other cities. This fully illustrated guide shows you the best of what the resorts have to offer, where to go to get married, useful tips and information on gambling and the best shows to see in the city. Away from the neon, the guide illustrates the spectacular scenery and sights of the surrounding area, from the immense Hoover Dam to one of the world's greatest natural wonders, the Grand Canyon.	2007-04-05	Dorling Kindersley						ZZZ000000
9780805974737	360 Degrees Back to Life,A Litigant's Humorous Perspective on Divorce	Vandana Shah			2008-05-15	Dorrance Pub Co						ZZZ000000
9780385617659	555 Football Facts to Wow Your Mates!	Les Scott		Which football trophy has three handles?When was a match stopped because there was a solar eclipse?Which very famous ex-West Ham player' s middle name is Chelsea?The answers to these questions and many more can be found in this funny, fascinating book. You might think you know football, but this book will turn you into the ultimate fan. Packed full of stuff on players, matches, positions and all the major competitions it really does contain everything you could ever wish to know about your favourite sport.	2009-09-03	RHCB						ZZZ000000
9780385616744	American Wife	Curtis Sittenfeld			2008-10-10	Transworld Publishers Limited						FIC043000
9780385524063	Rules of Deception	Christopher Reich		Dr. Jonathan Ransom, world-class mountaineer and surgeon for Doctors Without Borders, is climbing in the Swiss Alps with his beautiful wife, Emma, when a blizzard sets in. In their bid to escape the storm, Emma is killed when she falls into a hidden crevasse. Twenty-four hours later, Jonathan receives an envelope addressed to his wife containing two baggage-claim tickets. Puzzled, he journeys to a remote railway station only to find himself in a life-and-death struggle for his wife's possessions. In the aftermath of the assault, he discovers that his attackersone dead, the other mortally woundedwere, in fact, Swiss police officers. More frightening still is evidence of an extraordinary act of betrayal that leaves Jonathan stunned. Suddenly the subject of an international manhunt and the target of a master assassin, Jonathan is forced on the run. His only chance at survival lies in uncovering the devastating truth behind the secret his wife kept from him and in stopping the terrifying conspiracy that threatens to bring the world to the brink of annihilation. Step by step, he is drawn deeper into a world of spies, high-tech weaponry, and global terrorisma world where no one is whom they appear to be and where the end always justifies the means. Rules of Deceptionis a brilliantly conceived, twisting tale of intrigue and deceit written by the master of the espionage thriller for the twenty-first century.	2008-07-15	Doubleday						ZZZ000000
9780385260954	The fifth discipline,the art and practice of the learning organization	Peter M. Senge		An MIT Professor's pathbreaking book on building  "learning organizations" -- corporations that  overcome inherent obstacles to learning and  develop dynamic ways to pinpoint the threats that face  them and to recognize new opportunities. Not only  is the learning organization a new source of  competitive advantage, it also offers a marvelously  empowering approach to work, one which promises that,  as Archimedes put it, "with a lever long  enough... single-handed I can move the world."	1994	Currency Doubleday						ZZZ000000
9788187780540	Goa,a Good Earth guide	Swati Mitra&Good Earth Publications		Goa: A Travel Guide attempts to capture the essence of the culture that surrounds this beauty the leisurely pace of life around the beaches, punctuated by long and luxurious meals; treks and boating expeditions that lead into Goa s forests, or out to the dolphins dancing in the Arabian Sea; long drives to discover painstakingly preserved heritage homes; walks along the lanes of Old Goa and its grand churches and cathedrals; and journeys to the ancient temples of Ponda and beyond	2007-01-01	Good Earth Publications, Eicher Goodearth Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788187780007	Speaking stones,world cultural heritage sites in India	Bill Aitken&Eicher Goodearth Limited&India. Dept. of Tourism		Speaking Stones - World Cultural Heritage Sites in India received the National Award of Excellence in Publication from the Minister of Tourism and Culture, Government of India.	2001-01-01	Eicher Goodearth Limited						ZZZ000000
9780449912027	The tough-minded optimist	Norman Vincent Peale		"If you want to live in this tough world and still have some real faith and optimism, this book is for you."-- Norman Vincent Peale In the last decade, we have had to face more serious problems than ever before -- personally, nationally, and globally. With so much seemingly needless pain and destruction in the human race, we need greater inner strength to remain hopeful, to avoid cynicism and despair. Norman Vincent Peale, whose advice has helped millions, shows you how to: Conquer fear and guilt Like yourself -- at least most of the time Achieve prosperity and enjoyment of life Become physically healthy -- the natural way Keep the magic of enthusiasm working for you Tackle problems hopefully and handle them creatively Harness the power of prayer You can make life as wonderful as it is meant to be. Let Norman Vincent Peale show you the way.	1996-09-29	Fawcett Columbine						ZZZ000000
9780449211038	Problems	John Updike		John Updike's first collection of new short stories in seven years deals with such problems as divorce and remarriage, parents and children, prostitution and leprosy, extinct mammals and guilt-gems, resigning from a committee and getting in and out of Eth	1985-12-12	Fawcett Crest						ZZZ000000
9781906098384	India Handbook 2009,Tread Your Own Path	Annie Dare&David Stott		Incredible India: beaches and backwaters, temples and tea plantations. Explore the enigmatic subcontinent with Footprint’s revered and authoritative guide. Whether you want to escape it all with a rural retreat, learn yoga in Goa, hike the Himalayas, or be dazzled by Bollywood, this new, 16th edition will take you off the beaten track to experience the real India. Replete with up-to-the-minute recommendations for eating, sleeping, and drinking, plus details of the vast array of adventure activities on offer and advice on how to get the most from your trip.	2008-12-16	Footprint Handbooks						ZZZ000000
9781904777366	Footprint Ireland	Pat Levy&Sean Sheehan		A travel guide to Ireland, land of ancient myths and hi-tech ambitions. The best sights. Mountains, murals and monasteries. Where to eat, sleep and drink. Pubs, peat bogs and poets. Doing the Dingle and walking the Sheep's Head Way. The pirate queen and the king of excuses. Full color maps. and Mexico including places to eat, sleep and drink.	2005-06-01	Footprint Handbooks						ZZZ000000
9781416569565	Soul to Soul Meditations,Daily Reflections for Spiritual Growth	Gary Zukav		In Soul to Soul, Gary Zukav addressed some of the most fundamental questions about the human spirit -- from "Why is life so difficult?" to "How can I learn to trust?" -- with meaningful answers of universal and enduring value. Now, with Soul to Soul Meditations, Zukav provides 365 inspirational excerpts, one for each day of the year, with each page offering penetrating spiritual and psychological insights for reflection and enrichment. These meditations serve as passageways through which soul-to-soul communications can enter your life and transform it. Wise, often poetic, and profound in its simplicity, this empowering collection invites us to look within ourselves to discover how to make these insights our own. Small enough to fit into a bag or purse, it is a book to take with you and read whenever you wish. It makes an ideal gift for a friend, someone you love, or simply for yourself -- a book to cherish and return to again and again.  Among his many bestselling books, GARY ZUKAV is best known for his celebrated #1 New York Times bestseller, The Seat of the Soul, as well as for The Dancing Wu Li Masters: An Overview of the New Physics, which won The American Book Award for Science. His books have sold well over 5 million copies and have been published in 24 languages. A graduate of Harvard University and a former U.S. Army Special Forces (Green Beret) officer in Vietnam, he lives in southern Oregon with his spiritual partner, Linda Francis.	2008-03-25	Simon & Schuster						ZZZ000000
9780743495554	The price of loyalty	Ron Suskind			2004	Free Press						ZZZ000000
9788120728974	10 Commandments of a Successful Marriage	J.P.Vaswani			2005	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120731462	Destination Happiness,20 Secrets Revealed	J.P.Vaswani		What is it that you want most in life? You might start off with money, power, fame, success and other incidentals, until you realise that there is just one thing all of us want out of life, though our backgrounds, personalities, aspirations and goals might seem very different -- we all want to be happy! Happiness, according to Dada J P Vaswani, is not an abstract concept to be dissected and discussed. It is a state of mind, a condition of life which is our birthright as human beings. Why then should we settle for anything less? In this exciting book which is at once a quest, an adventure, a journey and a learning experience, Dada shares with us not one, not just two, but no less than twenty ways to lead a happier life! Finding each one, you will feel the excitement of search and discovery. And following the path to happiness is easy -- for Dada is your expert guide, unswerving in his understanding, unwavering in his moral support -- and unbeatable, with his brilliant optimism and positive spirit!	2007-07-18	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120725874	A Little Book of Wisdom	J.P. Vaswani			2003-12-01	Sterling Publishers Private Limited						ZZZ000000
9788120729001	The Magic of Forgiveness	J.P.Vaswani			2005	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780852652251	Bumper Book of Puzzles	Guardian&Guardian Staff		Ever since 1923, when the first crossword appeared in a newspaper, we Brits have been addicted to our daily brainteaser. Some of us are wordsmiths who like to tax our grey matter by tackling the cryptic crossword, others are number-crunchers who like nothing better than wrestling with a sudoku or kakuro puzzle. The Bumper Book of Puzzles is designed to cater to all these tastes, and features a selection of the most popular - and fiendish - brainteasers from the Guardian and Observer papers, including: Sudoku Killer Sudoku Kakuro Quick crosswords Cryptic crosswords The Bumper Book of Puzzles contains everything you need to get your brain into gear.	2010-07-15	Random House						ZZZ000000
9781904994497	Guinness World Records 2010	Craig Glenday			2009-09-16	Guinness World Records Limited						ZZZ000000
9780446199469	Simple Genius	David Baldacci		Een koppel detectives raakt vertrikt in de belangen van CIA en FBI als ze de zelfmoord van een medewerker van een denktank onderzoeken.	2007-11	Grand Central Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780349119168	The war for all the oceans,from Nelson at the Nile to Napoleon at Waterloo	Roy Adkins&Lesley Adkins		As France emerged from revolution, a young general named Napoleon Bonaparte invaded Egypt, hoping next to march overland to India. It would not happen. Britain swung her forces into action to battle for control of the world's sea-lanes and thus all international trade. The Battle of the Nile and then at Acre were the first sallies in what would be fifteen years of bitter fighting. It was a war won at sea, and by the time of Waterloo Britain had gained control and possessed the foundations of her vast empire.Brought vividly to life through the words and stories of the ordinary people caught up in the conflict, this is a sweeping history of the years of naval warfare that set the balance of power in Europe for the following century. Taking in gallant duels, bloody battles between huge fleets, amphibious assaults, daring coastal raids, and the subtleties of espionage and naval intelligence, this global conflict truly was THE WAR FOR ALL THE OCEANS.	2007	Abacus						ZZZ000000
9780060747299	Buddha Is as Buddha Does,The Ten Original Practices for Enlightened Living	Surya Das		In 2006 His Holiness the Dalai Lama, who calls Lama Surya Das the American Lama, said to an American audience, "It is not enough just to meditate and pray, which are always good things to do, but we also must take positive action in this world."   In the process of awakening, the Buddha realized that all of us, deep within, are inherently perfect and whole, with the capacity to overcome suffering and transform ourselves into forces for good. In this book national bestselling author Lama Surya Das, one of the foremost American Buddhist teachers, offers a thorough, tried-and-true map to the richest treasure a human being can find—Buddha's advice for living to your true potential. By following these guidelines, you will enter into a life of greater joy, clarity, peace, and wisdom than you ever thought possible.   Whether you consider yourself a Buddhist, Christian, Jew, Muslim, Hindu, atheist, or agnostic, Buddha Is as Buddha Does enables you to reflect more deeply upon how you think, speak, and behave in each moment and to explore more intently your relationships with others. Appropriate for new seekers as well as experienced practitioners, and accompanied by lively anecdotes and practical exercises, this is one of the most accessible books to date on the ancient and timeless wisdom of the Buddha. Buddha Is as Buddha Does is for everyone who seeks to become a better person and share in the bounty of true Buddha nature.	2007-03-29	HarperSanFrancisco						ZZZ000000
9780060890025	Where God Was Born Intl	Bruce Feiler			2005-01-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780060723941	The Best Year of Your Life,Dream It, Plan It, Live It	Debbie Ford		No 1 New York Times bestselling author Debbie Ford's The Best Year of Your Life is a call to action to stop pretending that the future will bring you the life of your dreams and to instead start living your dreams in this moment and for the rest of your life. The Best Year of Your Life provides the reader with the blueprints to create the life they always wanted. This is a highly practical, detailed map for becoming the 'you' you have always wanted to be. Many of us spend our days thinking, talking and dreaming about what our lives could be if only... We make New Year's resolutions, we follow a new diet, we start exercise routines, we get to work on our lifelong goals and then...we give up, get too busy and move on. Our dreams still well out of reach. Yet all the while the life we always wanted is right in front of us, well within our grasp. In Debbie Ford's most practical and inspirational book to date, she offers a clear blueprint of how to make today, this moment be the beginning of The Best Year of Your Life.	2005	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780061239854	The 13th Apostle	Richard F. Heller&Rachael F. Heller		In the ruins of a medieval monastery, the diary of a 12th-century monk has been uncovered . . . and the murders have already begun. It is rumored the monk's writings offer clues to the whereabouts of a scroll dating back to the time of Jesus—the creation of a hitherto unknown intimate who recorded the actual words of Christ.   Two people possess the combined skills to follow where the document leads: American cybersleuth Gil Pearson and Sabbie Karaim, former Israeli commando and biblical translator. But what awaits them on their strange odyssey across the globe and through two thousand years of history is both an indescribable treasure and an unrelenting terror. For all manner of zealots and devils are after the secrets they seek—to own the power to destroy the world we know.	2007-07-12	Harper						ZZZ000000
9780061242700	Freakonomics,a rogue economist explores the hidden side of everything	Steven D. Levitt&Stephen J. Dubner		Which is more dangerous, a gun or a swimming pool? What do schoolteachers and sumo wrestlers have in common? Why do drug dealers still live with their moms? How much do parents really matter? How did the legalization of abortion affect the rate of violent crime? These may not sound like typical questions for an economist to ask. But Steven D. Levitt is not a typical economist. He is a much-heralded scholar who studies the riddles of everyday life - from cheating and crime to sports and child-rearing - and whose conclusions turn conventional wisdom on its head. 'Freakonomics' is a collaboration between Levitt and Stephen J. Dubner. They usually begin with a mountain of data and a simple question. Some of these questions concern life-and-death issues; others have an admittedly freakish quality.	2006	HarperTorch						ZZZ000000
9780061076039	Switching goals	Lisa Fiedler		Double PlayEmma Stanton is a boy magnet. Her twin sister, Sam, is an all-star athlete. So what do they do when Emma wants to get closer to her sports-crazed dad, and Sam wants to catch the attention of the cutest boy in school?Simple. Switch places!It seems like the perfect plan. Emma pretends to be Sam on the soccer field, while Sam goes on dates as Emma. But how long can the girls keep their secret? And what will happen when the truth comes out?	2000-03-16	HarperEntertainment						ZZZ000000
9780061065842	The case of the summer camp caper	Judy Katschke		Trenchcoat Twins Case Report...from Mary-Kate & Ashley  Ashley and I were so excited to spend the summer at Camp Wishing Well! I couldn't wait to go horseback riding. Ashley couldn't wait to go swimming. But when we got to camp, it looked like we might not get to do anything! Everyone's snacks and packages from home started disappearing. And they started showing up in "my" drawers...under "my" bed...stuffed in "my" sneakers. But I didn't take any of those packages!  None of the other campers would talk to me. Everyone thought I was the "theif!" It was the first time an Olsen hired an Olsen to solve a mystery!	1999-06	HarperEntertainment						ZZZ000000
9780007271351	The Sleepover Club At Felicity's	Rose Impey				Harper Collins						ZZZ000000
9780722533949	The Valkyries	Paulo Coelho&Alan R. Clarke		Travel into the searing Mojave Desert, uncover fabulous mysteries, and witness a fateful meeting with guardian angels in the suspenseful and compelling tale of Paulo Coelho's unique spiritual journey. At once modern-day adventure and metaphysical odyssey, a love story and a supernatural encounter with angels, The Valkyries is about forgiving the past and believing in the future.	1996	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007271382	Starring The Sleepover Club	Narinder Dhami				Harper Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007259304	Indira : The Life Indira Nehru Gandh	Katherine Frank			2005	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172235741	A spoke in the wheel,a novel about the Buddha	Amita Kanekar		It Is 256 Bce. Almost Three Hundred Years After The Death Of The Buddha And Four Since The Terrible Battle Of Kalinga... Upali, A Monk And An Embittered Survivor Of The War That Made The Emperor Ashoka Overlord Of The Whole Of India, Hates The Emperor With All His Heart. Yet It Is To Him That Ashoka, The Self-Proclaimed Beloved Of The Gods, Entrusts The Task Of Putting The Buddha'S Life And Teachings Down For Posterity. For The Emperor Is Set On A New Conquest - That Of Dhamma... And So Begins A Search For The Buddha And A Struggle Over The Past. Ht Really Was The Buddha'S Message? Ascetic Renunciation? Universal Salvation? Passive Disengagement? Tolerance - Even Of Intolerance? If His Message Was A Critique Of Violence, How Did It Come To Be Championed By The Most Successfully Violent Autocrats Of Ancient India? These Are Questions That Begin To Surface Among The Buddha'S Followers, Fearfully And Then Angrily, To Be Viciously Debated Even As Dhamma Rises To Glorious Imperial Patronage, A Patronage That Will Sustain It For Over A Millennium And Reach It To Half The World'S Populace. This Is A Story About The Buddha And His Disciples, Among Them An Ordinary Monk, One Of The Questioners, And An Extraordinary King, Who Seemed To Have All The Answers. It Is Also About How The Movement Called Dhamma Was Born, Spread, Changed Lives And Got Changed Itself. Alternating Upali'S Chronicle - A De-Glorified, Factual Account Of The Life Of Buddha - With That Of Upali'S Own Life During The Reign Of Emperor Ashoka, And Imbuing Both These Parallel Narratives With A Wealth Of Historical Detail And Philosophical Debate, A Spoke In The Wheel Is An Ambitious And Erudite Work Of Historical Fiction - Intricate In Its Craftsmanship, Vital In Its Ideas And Epic In Its Sweep.	2005	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9788172234348	Jaisalmer,the city of golden sands and strange spirits	Bindu Manchanda			2001	HarperCollins Publishers India						ZZZ000000
9780007271955	Sleepover Girls Go Karting	Narinder Dhami				Harper Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007271580	We Love You Sleepover Club	Sue Mongredien				Harper Collins						ZZZ000000
9780207200472	Toby Jones and the Clash with Father Time	Michael Panckridge&Brett Lee		Toby Jones is not your average cricket fan. It isn't his passion for the game that makes him unusual - it's his ability to travel through time, back to the great matches of the past. Toby is playing for Australia in a junior Ashes match at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. It's the most important game of his life so far. But things take a dramatic turn when one of a band of sinister soul-snatchers - known as Grubbers - makes a ghostly appearance in the outfield and takes over the body of one of the England players. To make matters worse, Toby discovers that his friend Georgie has gone missing. Toby must return to the Timeless Cricket Match and confront the powerful and evil Father Time. Only by doing so can he save all the former and future Test cricketers doomed to be trapped in the past forever... and the game of cricket itself. A thrilling conclusion to the bestselling Toby Jones series.	2007-11-01	HarperCollins Publishers Australia						ZZZ000000
9780207199905	Toby Jones and the Secret of the Missing Scorecard	Michael Panckridge&Brett Lee		Toby Jones lives and breathes cricket. He plays in a local cricket competition, follows the professional players and knows all the stats. But Toby has a secret, he can travel back through time to watch famous cricket matches and players. And he can take his friends with him. But it's not all good news. Suggested level: intermediate, junior secondary.	2004-10-27	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007339167	Your Personal Horoscope 2011,Month-by-Month Forecasts for Every Sign	Joseph Polansky		Your complete one-volume guide to the year 2011. This fantastic and in depth book includes month-by-month forecasts for every sign and all you need to know to find out what is in store for you in the year ahead.Discover when your lucky days will fall and when it might be better just to stay in bed, with your complete one-volume, month-by-month guide to the year 2011 ' the only horoscope you will ever need.This bestselling guide gives you individual predictions for the year ahead and shows you how you, your friends, your family and lovers will fare. It includes:'¢ A month-by-month forecast for every sign'¢ A personality profile for each sign'¢ What to expect in terms of love, sex, work and money'¢ Detailed predictions of your best days and worst days ' and the ideal days to attract love or money.'¢ Invaluable advice on exactly when to ask for that pay rise, what days you should be on the look out for exciting revalations and the days you should probably just stay in bed!	2010	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9788172231460	The Concept of Man,A Study in Comparative Philosophy	S. Radhakrishnan&P. T. Raju			1995-09-01	HarperCollins Publishers India in joint venture with The India Today Group						ZZZ000000
9780007395170	Sidney Sheldon's After The Darkness	Tilly Bagshawe		All-new Sidney Sheldon from the international bestseller Tilly Bagshawe.Grace Brookstein is the beautiful, young, and naive wife of financial superstar, Leonard Brookstein; a billionaire many times over with estates all over the world. In 2009 the US stock market goes into a terrifying freefall. The economy is on the brink of collapse, and the public want someone to blame, their eyes and their rage directed firmly at Wall Street.Oblivious and seemingly unscathed, Grace continues her charmed life, until the death of Lenny in a tragic sialing 'accident' forces her to face reality. His financial affairs unravel, revealing expensive crimes, and now Grace is in the frame.Exposing a spiralling web of vicious lies and well-planned deceit, she soon puts her own life in danger.Grace is alone, angry, and desperate for revenge.	2010	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007354092	Your Chinese Horoscope 2011,What the Year of the Rabbit Holds in Store for You	Neil Somerville		The year 2011 is the Chinese Year of the Rabbit ' what will this mean for you? This complete guide contains all the predictions you will need to take you into the year ahead ' a year which offers great hope, advancement and opportunity.The ancient art of Chinese astrology, which predates the Western zodiac, is a detailed system of divination that has been in use in the Orient for thousands of years.The depth of its wisdom and the accuracy of its character analysis and prediction has caught the imagination of the Western world in recent years and led to a rapid rise in its popularity.This popular and enlightening bestselling guide ' now in its 21st year ' includes:'¢ Everything you need to know about the 12 signs of the Chinese zodiac'¢ An explanation of the Five Elements: metal, water, wood, fire and earth, and which one governs your sign'¢ Individual predictions to help you find love, luck and success'¢ What the Year of the Rabbit has in store for you, your family, your loved ones and friends.	2010	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780006176909	House of cards	Michael Dobbs		The acclaimed political thriller that first introduced the unforgettable Francis Urquhart MP and launched Michael Dobbsa?? No 1 bestselling career a?? now reissued in a new cover. Michael Dobbsa?? entertaining tale of skulduggery and intrigue within the Palace of Westminster has been a huge hit with the public. Its scheming hero, Chief Whip Francis Urquhart, who uses fair means and foul to become Prime Minister, is one of the best-known characters of the last decade a?? the politician we all love to hate. Acclaimed for its authenticity and insights into a secret world a?? the result of many years working behind the scenes for the Conservative Party a?? it became a highly popular, award-winning BBC TV series, with Francis Urquhart memorably portrayed by Ian Richardson, and was followed by two further sequels, a??To Play the Kinga?? and a??The Final Cuta??, which also became top-rating TV series.	1990-05-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007228775	Brown Bread and Honey,Band 12/Copper	Mark Carthew&Pamela Allen		Collins Big Cat is a guided reading series for ages 4-7 edited by Cliff Moon. Top children's authors and illustrators have created fiction and non-fiction books that your children will love to read, banded to help you choose the right book for every child. Practical teaching notes are included at the back of each book. The King lived in a castle high on the hill and he loved food! Every day was filled with milkshakes and muffins, puddings and pumpkins, chicken and chocolate...as many yummy things as the cooks could bake. But the king was getting slower and fatter - who could help him to get back on his horse and have fun again? Find out in this comic and beautifully illustrated play.	2007-01-20	Collins Educational						ZZZ000000
9780007108206	Big bucks!,how to make serious money for both you and your company	Kenneth H. Blanchard&Sheldon M. Bowles			2001-01-15	HarperCollinsBusiness						ZZZ000000
9780006753780	Paddington takes the test	Michael Bond			1999-08	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007228768	Tiddalick the Thirsty Frog,Band 14/Ruby	Mark Carthew		Collins Big Cat is a guided reading series for ages 4-7 edited by Cliff Moon. Top children's authors and illustrators have created fiction and non-fiction books that your children will love to read, banded to help you choose the right book for every child. Practical teaching notes are included at the back of each book. Tiddalick was the biggest frog in the entire world, but his thirst was even bigger! One day, he was so thirsty that he drank up all the water in the land. Can the animals work out a way to make greedy Tiddalick give them back the water? Find out in this play based on an Australian Aboriginal story.	2007-01-20	Collins Educational						ZZZ000000
9780006499572	Agatha Christie's Hercule Poirot,the life and times of Hercule Poirot	Anne Hart		My Name Is Hercule Poirot And I Am Probably The Greatest Detective In The World.' The Dapper, Moustache-Twirling Little Belgian With The Egg-Shaped Head, Curious Mannerisms And Inordinate Respect For His Own 'Little Grey Cells' Has Solved Some Of The Most Puzzling Crimes Of The Century. Yet Despite Being Familiar To Millions, Poirot Himself Has Remained An Enigma Until Now. From His First Appearance In 1920 To His Last In 1975, From Country-House Drawing-Rooms To Opium Dens In Limehouse, From Mayfair To The Mediterranean, Anne Hart Stalks The Legendary Sleuth, Unveiling The Mysteries That Surround Him. Sifting Through 33 Novels And 56 Short Stories, She Examines His Origins, Tastes, Relationships And Peculiarities, Revealing A Character As Fascinating As The Books Themselves.	1997-11-01	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007119325	Death on the Nile	Agatha Christie		The New-Look Series Of Hercule Poirot Books For The 21St Century. The Tranquillity Of A Cruise Along The Nile Was Shattered By The Discovery That Linnet Ridgeway Had Been Shot Through The Head. She Was Young, Stylish And Beautiful. A Girl Who Had Everything& Until She Lost Her Life. Hercule Poirot Recalled An Earlier Outburst By A Fellow Passenger: I D Like To Put My Dear Little Pistol Against Her Head And Just Press The Trigger. Yet In This Exotic Setting Nothing Was Ever Quite What It Seemed&	2001	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007190676	Poirot,The Complete Ariadne Oliver	Agatha Christie			2005-05-19	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780006174547	The Cardinal of the Kremlin	Tom Clancy		First paperback edition. Spy thriller as an American agent within the Kremlin is about to be betrayed.	1989-11-02	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007243686	Yummy Mummy's Ultimate Family Survival Guide	Liz Fraser		The definitive guide to negotiating the minefield that is 21st-century family life from the Sunday Times bestselling author of The Yummy Mummy's Survival Guide. From the mother-in-law from hell to the competitive mum at the school gates, from Christmas to school holidays, from affairs to seven-year itches, Liz Fraser guides you through the minefield that is 21st century family life.	2007-03-05	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						FAM019000
9780007230914	What Are You Looking At?	Clare Gittings		Collins Big Cat is a guided reading series for ages 4-9 edited by Cliff Moon. Top children's authors and illustrators have created fiction and non-fiction books that your children will love to read, banded to help you choose the right book for every child. Practical teaching notes are included at the back of each book. This fascinating book, written in conjunction with the London National Portrait Gallery, examines what portraits are and what they can tell you about the sitter (and the artist) through examining some of the world's greatest portraits.	2007-01-04	Collins Educational						ZZZ000000
9780007242511	The Blue Zone	Andrew Gross		A breathtaking novel of suspense from the co-author of five bestselling James Patterson novels, including 'Judge and Jury' and 'Lifeguard'.THERE ARE NO RULES IN THE BLUE ZONE.They were the perfect family. And he was the perfect family man. One day changed it all.Arrested for racketeering, Ben Raab must take his family into America's Witness Protection Programme. Only his eldest daughter, Kate, chooses to stay on the outside.But the Programme's perfect success rate is about to come to a shocking end. A case agent is tortured to death and Ben vanishes. The one person who might be able to find him is Kate.Pursued by killers, forced to question everything she knows about her life so far, Kate is plunged into a terrifying existence for which nothing has prepared her.Most people would call it certain death.The FBI calls it the Blue Zone.	2007-01-01	Harper						FIC031000
9780007202232	Sleep	Chris Idzikowski		An easy-to-read, comprehensive guide giving solutions to sleeping problems from insomnia and snoring to managing shift work and overcoming jet lag. One in three of us suffer from sleep disorders and they are on the rise, with lack of sleep becoming a national obsession. Starting with basic facts such as the sleep cycle, what happens when we sleep and the effect it has on our health, the book goes on to look at common sleep disorders and their causes. A variety of personalised solutions are provided for readers to try, ranging from changes in behaviour to natural and orthodox treatments and techniques. Contents include: ? Basic science behind sleep ? Assisting sleep ? Babies and children ? Work, rest and play ? Lifestyle and environment ? Ageing ? Sleep disorders Millions of people, from the Monday moaners to the fitful snoozers, want to learn how to sleep well, and Collins Need to Know? Sleep provides them with the helpful, practical advice they need.	2007-02-22	Collins						ZZZ000000
9780007214334	The broken souls	Jack Kerley			2006-08-07	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007155255	Pants on Fire	Victoria Lloyd			2004-02-02	HarperCollins Canada, Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007228638	The Billy-Goats Tough	HARPER UK&Tim O'Brien		Collins Big Cat is a guided reading series for ages 4-7 edited by Cliff Moon. Top children's authors and illustrators have created fiction and non-fiction books that your children will love to read, banded to help you choose the right book for every child. Practical teaching notes are included at the back of each book. Find out how a female vampire, a hairy Troll having a bad hair day, a Super Billy-Goat who is a super pain, and a seriously weird commercial break, all find their way into this twist on a fairytale.	2007	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007228706	Kaleidoscope,Band 15/Emerald	Mark Carthew		Collins Big Cat is a guided reading series for ages 4-7 edited by Cliff Moon. Top children's authors and illustrators have created fiction and non-fiction books that your children will love to read, banded to help you choose the right book for every child. Practical teaching notes are included at the back of each book. A prize of 3500 biscuits, the most terrifying creature on Earth, square tomatoes and underwater torches are just some of the amazing things that crop up in this anthology of three wonderfully weird plays, based on original poems by Michael Rosen.	2007-01-20	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						JNF017000
9780007198252	The fussy baby book,parenting your high-need child from birth to age five	William Sears&Martha Sears		The best-selling authors of The Baby Book (Dr William and Martha Sears) have created a supportive and practical guide to coping with difficult and fussy children. The book contains proven methods for dealing with a multitude of difficulties you may encounter.	2005-07-04	Thorsons						ZZZ000000
9780007230860	Football Academy	HARPER UK&Martin Waddell		Collins Big Cat is a guided reading series for ages 4-9 edited by Cliff Moon. Top children's authors and illustrators have created fiction and non-fiction books that your children will love to read, banded to help you choose the right book for every child. Practical teaching notes are included at the back of each book. Do you know what it takes to be a top footballer? Can you pick out the best moves? Can you spot what makes a team tick - and what makes it fall apart? Find out in this guide to football skills.	2007	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780007202478	Smith of Wootton Major	John Ronald Reuel Tolkien&Verlyn Flieger		"What began as a preface to The Golden Key by George MacDonald eventually grew into this short story, so named by Tolkien to suggest an early work by P.G. Wodehouse. Composed almost a decade after The Lord of the Rings, and when his lifelong occupation with the 'Silmarillion' was winding down, Smith of Wootton Major was the product of ripened experience and reflection. It was published in 1967 as a small hardback, complete with black and white illustrations by Pauline Baynes, and would be the last work of fiction to be published in Tolkien's own lifetime." "Now, almost 40 years on, this tale of a wanderer who finds his way into the periolous realm of Faery is being republished; but in addition to a facsimile of the illustrated first edition this new version includes a manuscript of Tolkein's early draft of the story, notes on the genesis, chronology and alternate ending of the story, and a lengthy essay on the nature of Faery, all of which is previously unpublished. Contained within Smith of Wootton Major are many links to the world of Middle-earth, as well as Tolkien's other tales, and in this 'extended edition' the reader will finally discover the full story behind this major piece of short fiction."--BOOK JACKET.	2005-10-13	HarperCollins						ZZZ000000
9780007228737	Gigantic Turnip Tug,Band 12/Copper	Lois Walker		Collins Big Cat is a guided reading series for ages 4-7 edited by Cliff Moon. Top children's authors and illustrators have created fiction and non-fiction books that your children will love to read, banded to help you choose the right book for every child. Practical teaching notes are included at the back of each book. 'It's time to tug up that gigantic turnip' says the old man who planted it, but how will him and the old lady pull up such an enormous vegetable! Find out in this play based on a traditional Russian folktale.	2007-01-20	Collins Educational						ZZZ000000
9780007228683	Bendelomena,Band 14/Ruby	Edel Wignell		Collins Big Cat is a guided reading series for ages 4-7 edited by Cliff Moon. Top children's authors and illustrators have created fiction and non-fiction books that your children will love to read, banded to help you choose the right book for every child. Practical teaching notes are included at the back of each book. Bendemolena the kitten lives in a noisy house, so she puts a shiny pot on her head and everything goes quiet. Hooray! But what happens when Mother Cat gives her messages to take back to her brothers and sisters...? This play is based on an American folktale.	2007-01-20	Collins Educational						ZZZ000000
9780061689406	Obama From Promise To Power	David Mendell			2008-01-01	Harper Collins USA						ZZZ000000
9781578511860	Managing in the new economy	Joan Magretta		As the Harvard Business Review's strategy editor, Joan Magretta has helped readers to see beyond the hype that surrounds the much-discussed but frequently misunderstood "new economy." Her work with the world's most influential business thinkers and executives has shaped our understanding of the practical issues of leadership, organization, and strategy that every manager must confront in this emerging era. Now, Magretta selects some of the most perceptive articles and interviews from the Review in a collection that will help readers make sense of the new managerial agenda.With its balanced coverage, Managing in the New Economy helps us sort out what is truly new about the new economy and what endures from the old. The articles are organized around important managerial issues, revealing how the dynamics shaping the new economy are changing both managers' priorities and the tools they use to make decisions. Part I addresses the principal issues of strategy, analysis, and competition. In Part II, Magretta turns our attention to the new realities of leadership and organization. Part III brings these issues to life as three CEOs describe how their organizations are tackling the challenges of managing in the new economy. With renowned contributors--from writers such as Michael Porter, C.K. Prahalad, and Peter Drucker to business leaders such as Michael Dell--this invaluable collection explores the new mind-set executives in every industry must embrace in order to keep pace with the trends in technology, networks, knowledge, and globalization that are shaping the new economy. A Harvard Business Review Book.	1999	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9780875845548	Negotiating competitiveness,employment relations and organizational innovation in Germany and the United States	Kirsten S. Wever		Combining the perspectives of business strategy, political economy, industrial relations, and human resource management, Negotiating Competitiveness compares and contrasts the inner workings of employment relations in the "social market" economy of Germany and the free market system of the United States. In analyzing each approach to the relationship between employment relations and competitiveness, Wever shows how the institutional context in which a company operates shapes its employment relations strategies, which in turn affect how it adjusts to external pressures. Negotiating Competitiveness will interest anyone concerned with national industrial competitiveness in the contemporary global economy. This book goes beyond the empirical evidence to examine the extent to which necessary organizational and public policy changes are possible in each country, and to offer concrete ideas for combining the best elements of the employment relations systems of two of the most powerful advanced industrial nations in the world.	1995	Harvard Business Press						ZZZ000000
9781401918156	A Stream of Dreams,Your Ultimate Dream Decoder	Leon Nacson		This book is the ultimate dream decoder for the 21st century; a comprehensive and entertaining tool to discover the true meanings of your dreams. Unlike typical works in this genre, this book presents the meanings behind modern-day symbols like mobile phones, DVD players and even spiders, which are becoming more common in dreams because of the time we spend on the World Wide Web. A Stream of Dreams sets the benchmark for truly accurate dream decoding and now in a smaller format, it is an ideal gift that you can carry with you anywhere.	2008	Hay House						ZZZ000000
9780755333660	Memoirs are Made of This	Swan Adamson		In the bestselling tradition of The Devil Wears Prada , this wicked and hilarious novel will bring you into the world of a sexy, funny, badly behaved girl who's truly a heroine for our times! How to Get Ahead in Journalism, by Venus Gilroy 1. Take a job as PA to a glamorous writer, like Susanna Hyde, author of the wildly popular sex column Nothing to Hyde. 2. Spend your days walking Susanna's dogs, running errands, and delivering 'you've been dumped' notes to lovers who are yesterday's news. Realise life in Manhattan is not as glamorous as you expected. 3. But when the boss asks you to cover her column, do not, repeat, do not prove better at writing about sex than she is... 4. ...And when one day you accidentally hit it off a little too well with Susanna's latest ex-toy-boy, sexy young writer Josh O'Connell, keep this information very, very secret from her...	2007-07-26	Headline Book Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780755335800	The Good Guy	John Carbone		Stunning concept, totally engrossing read - a new generation of Mafia thriller is born. All Marco wants is to be a stand-up guy. To make his way in the world without too much trouble. Right? But in 1970s New York, that's not so easy. Marco has the Mafia in his blood and at only sixteen years old he hears the streets calling. So he goes into business with a few guys. Dealing a little pot. Then Marco's ruthless Uncle Tony gets involved. Uncle Tony is the man Marco most looks up to, but he wants Marco and his friends to help him out. Just a little cocaine. A few more deals - and then Marco'll be set for life... But when it all goes wrong, it's more than Marco's life on the line. It's those he loves and the struggle to break free from the chains of crime which bind him... which stop him. Can he survive to be A GOOD GUY?	2007-08-02	Headline Book Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780755357796	Finger Lickin' Fifteen	Janet Evanovich		Unbuckle your belt and pull up a chair. It's the spiciest, sauciest, most rib-sticking Plum yet. Recipe for disaster: Celebrity chef Stanley Chipotle comes to Trenton to participate in a barbecue cook-off and loses his head ' literally. Throw in some spice: Bail bonds office worker Lula is witness to the crime, and the only one she'll talk to is Trenton cop Joe Morelli. Pump up the heat: Chipolte's sponsor is offering a million-dollar reward to anyone who can provide information leading to the capture of the killers. Stir the pot: Lula recruits bounty hunter Stephanie Plum to help her find the killers and collect the moolah. Add a secret ingredient: Stephanie Plum's Grandma Mazur. Enough said. Bring to a boil: Stephanie Plum is working overtime tracking felons for the bonds office at night and snooping for security expert Carlos Manoso, a.k.a. Ranger, during the day. Can Stephanie hunt down two killers, a traitor, and five skips, keep her grandmother out of the sauce, and solve Ranger's problems and not jump his bones?	2010	Headline Book Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780755302185	Captain Starlight's Apprentice	Kathryn Heyman		The story of two women living very different, heroic lives in two very different Australias. Jess is a stunt-rider who can outride any man. In the early days of film she finds her calling, playing wild outlaw women who answer to no one. But when her circus-owner husband disappears she is left pregnant and vulnerable and after enormous betrayal, finds herself closer to the outlaw's life than she had ever imagined. Rose goes to Australia in the 1950s in search of a new life. But neither the new country nor motherhood are what she had hoped and she soon finds herself estranged from those she loves, incarcerated and terrified. As Rose's world unravels, it is clear that neither woman's story will be finished until they find a way of helping each other recover their loss, and to discover hope in the midst of their disrupted lives. With this odyssean tale, Kathryn Heyman celebrates the resilience of the human spirit.	2007-03-08	Headline Book Publishing						FIC000000
9780755325122	Filthy Rich	Wendy Holden		When Mary meets gorgeous Monty, heir to a stately pile, romantic bliss seems assured. But after the roof falls in and the pictures are flogged, happiness is thin on the ground. Beth exchanges Holland Park for simple weekends at the country cottage her banker husband's bonus has bought. They only offered a little over the asking price -- why don't the locals like them? Uber-WAG Alexandra needs a country mansion -- fast. Her footballer boyfriend is being transferred and time is running out. There must be a Hello!-tastic pile somewhere? Morag is the terror of the village. She's a Stalin against slug pellets who wears hemp trousers and makes her own Weetabix. When the village launches an allotment project they become dramatically embroiled in a bitter struggle over sex, power and money, which threatens to blight more than everyone's carrots.	2008-01-24	Headline Review						ZZZ000000
9780755335473	A Step in the Dark	Judith Lennox		A powerful family drama set in India and Scotland, from 1915 to the 1960sIt's 1915 when young Bess Ravenhart, recently widowed, leaves her baby son Frazer with her mother-in-law, Cora, while she sails from India to Britain to set up a home. But Cora has no intention of returning Frazer to his mother's care. Though Bess makes a new life in Edinburgh and knows the joy ndash; and pain ndash; of motherhood with further children, her heart always aches for the little boy she left behind. When Frazer travels to Scotland twenty years later, it seems Bess's dreams of a reconciliation will come true. But Frazer trails danger in his wake, and it's possible that not only he but also Bess and her whole family will live to rue the day of his return... 	2007-05-17	Headline Review						ZZZ000000
9780755314836	Another bloody love letter	Anthony Loyd		Critically acclaimed writer and award-winning foreign correspondent, Anthony Loyd is also an ex-heroin addict. Another Bloody Love Letter exposes the thrilling and brutal reality of life as a war journalist - from the climax of war in Kosovo and the reignited battles between Ethiopia and Eritrea, to tracking ambush commanders in Sierra Leone, confronting the danger and confusion of northern Afghanistan at the start of the 'war on terror', and the harsh realities of life in Iraq during the Second Gulf War. But it is also the very human story of a man fighting to beat a heroin addiction and coming to terms with the death of a father-figure, friend and colleague murdered by the RUF in Sierra Leone, and the death of his mother from a terminal illness at home. Another Bloody Love Letter takes the reader into the mind of a man who has chased war and death for more than half his life, and shows the price he has paid for it. It is a moving and powerful memoir of love and friendship, betrayal and loss, war and faith.	2007-03-08	Headline Review						ZZZ000000
9780755357482	Take a Chance on Me	Jill Mansell			2010	Headline Book Publishing						FIC000000
9780755330362	The 6th Target	James Patterson&Maxine Paetro		The next thrilling novel in the Women's Murder Club series. After a dramatic shoot out at a ferry dock, Detective Lindsay Boxer is called to the scene to find that three people have been killed, and one of her closest friends, Claire, has been shot and lies bleeding, whilst the murderer is on the run. Lindsay promises Claire that she'll hunt down this killer and bring him to justice, but sadly, it doesn't prove to be so straightforward. A man comes forward claiming to be the ferry murderer and Yuki Castellano, one of the Women's Murder Club, prepares to set out the charges against him. But it's not all over, a child has been abducted and is still missing. To increase the mystery and confusion, there are a series of suspicious and unexplained deaths in the building where Cindy lives - yet another of the Women's Murder Club is in danger. Lindsay discovers yet more abducted children, and the hunt begins in earnest to return the children to their parents.	2007-04-19	Headline						ZZZ000000
9780755328581	Smoked	Patrick Quinlan		Smoke Dugan has made a living from handling explosives for a criminal organisation. But no one has ever been hurt by his actions, and when one of his bombs is used to take down a plane with innocent women and children on board, something snaps inside him. He takes his revenge by killing his criminal boss, taking his money and going on the run. Now, a year later, Smoke is hiding out in Portland. He knows that it is only a matter of time before the organisation catches up with him. When they do, he manages to escape - but then his girlfriend is captured. Now Smoke must try to save her and disappear for good. But it seems that someone else is after Smoke's girlfriend and it's not long before Smoke finds himself caught up in a dangerous chase game from which there might be no escape...	2006-03-27	Review						ZZZ000000
9780755338580	Chianti by Moonlight Export and Airside Only	Domenica De Rosa		A heartfelt, witty story of one woman's journey from heartbreak to adventure, full of gorgeous Italian flavour. Emily Robertson looks like the woman who has it all: the lovingly restored Tuscan farmhouse, the three beautiful children, the successful, attentive husband. But when her husband dumps her by text message, she has to face up to some stark home truths. How will Emily cope, stranded in the countryside with no man, no money, dodgy phrasebook Italian and a psychotic cleaner? Her eldest girl is out of her depth with the local seducer, her middle daughter is dangerously underweight, and her darling baby is fast becoming a brat. But soon Emily finds herself being drawn into the village of Monte Albano, and discovering a more genuine Italy, darker and more intriguing than she had ever imagined. She and her children are outsiders no more - and if she can get over a slightly embarrasing obsession with her youthful first love, a rogueish stranger might be about to show her the time of her life...	2007-02-05	Headline Book Publishing						FIC045000
9780755335312	Villa Serena	Domenica De Rosa		A heartfelt, witty story of one woman's journey from heartbreak to adventure, full of gorgeous Italian flavour. Emily Robertson looks like the woman who has it all: the lovingly restored Tuscan farmhouse, the three beautiful children, the successful, attentive husband. But when her husband dumps her by text message, she has to face up to some stark home truths. How will Emily cope, stranded in the countryside with no man, no money, dodgy phrasebook Italian and a psychotic cleaner? Her eldest girl is out of her depth with the local seducer, her middle daughter is dangerously underweight, and her darling baby is fast becoming a brat. But soon Emily finds herself being drawn into the village of Monte Albano, and discovering a more genuine Italy, darker and more intriguing than she had ever imagined. She and her children are outsiders no more - and if she can get over a slightly embarrasing obsession with her youthful first love, a rogueish stranger might be about to show her the time of her life...	2007-09-30	Headline Review						ZZZ000000
9780340899700	The peacock throne	Sujit Saraf			2007	Sceptre						ZZZ000000
9780755335909	Contract	Simon Spurrier		Life becomes complicated when the dead won't stay dead, in this stunning debut by Simon Spurrier. Michael Point doesn't seem anything special. He dresses conservatively, is thoughtful, methodical and well spoken. He also happens to kill people for a living. It's not about getting back at the world; for Michael it's much simpler than that: It's All About The Money. But things are starting to get strange: his hits are coming back to life and trying to kill him. Is he losing his mind? Or is could it be that the things he sees aren't delusions at all, but hints of a divine conflict: a heavenly war, sucking him inacirc;euro;brvbar;?	2007-10-25	Headline Book Publishing						FIC030000
9780755370184	An It Girl	Cecily von Ziegesar			2010	Headline Book Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780755300587	The Leader	Guy Walters		In his chilling new thriller Guy Walters turns his attention to Britain in the late 1930s and early 1940s. Edward VIII has not abdicated but reigns with Queen Wallis. His PM - and the man who really rules Britain - is Oswald Mosley; the two of them are hand in glove with Adolf Hitler. Winston Churchill, along with his supporters, is interned on the Isle of Man. Only one man can save Britain from the hands of the fascists and allow the country to take a stand against the evil that stalks Europe: Armstrong, a hero of the First World War, has escaped from his Manx prison and rowed to the Scottish mainland. His mission now: to draw together the scattered resistance to fascist rule, and destroy the repugnant regime Mosley has built on British soil.	2003	Headline Book Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780893890605	God	Usharbudh Arya			1979-06	Himalayan International Institute of Yoga Science and Philosophy						ZZZ000000
9780893890759	The Theory and Practice of Meditation	Rudolph Ballentine			1986-01-01	Himalayan Institute Press						ZZZ000000
9780893891091	Philosophy and Faith of Sikhism	Kartar Singh Duggal		A description of the Sikh tradition and how it helps the reader deal with everyday life	1988-10-01	Himalayan Institute Press						ZZZ000000
9780893891121	Path of Fire and Light,A Practical Companion to Volume One	Swami Rama		An inspiriting guide to the systematic science of the path to meditation. Shows how to understand the mind.	1988-01-25	Himalayan Institute Press						ZZZ000000
9780893890766	Seven systems of Indian philosophy	Rajmani Tigunait		A comprehensive outline of the major schools of Indian philosophy providing an overview of what comprises Indian philosophy.	1984-01-01	Himalayan Institute Press						ZZZ000000
9780893891855	Finding the Hidden Self,A Study of the Siva Sutras	Roger Worthington		An exploration of the Siva Sutras which describe the creative principle behind the universe and how it manifests to human consciousness.	2002-01-25	Himalayan Institute Press						ZZZ000000
9780340833858	The sleeping doll	Jeffery Deaver		Daniel Pell is a contemporary Charles Manson. A petty criminal with a history of antisocial behaviour and obsession with controlling other people, he had a group of women living with him in a quasi cult in central California. Eight years ago, he and another man viciously slaughtered a family for no apparent reason, though the three women in his 'Family' were absolved of any part in the deaths. Now, present day, Pell has escaped and Kathryn Dance, the famed interrogator and kinesic analyst (body language) and her team must find out where he is and why he's staying near the prison he escaped from. She brings together the three women, now leading normal lives, to help her find out where Pell is and what he's up to. Pell, for his part, and a young woman he has manipulated into helping him, tries to outguess the police and fulfil his mission, as he learns that Kathryn Dance is perhaps his most dangerous opponent. This is a typical cat and mouse Deaver novel, in which conflicts abound - finding the killer, as well as reconciling the emotions within Pell's three 'Family' members, which have simmered over the years. The 'Sleeping Doll' refers to the one surviving daughter.	2007-06-30	Hodder & Stoughton						ZZZ000000
9780719561184	A Million Little Pieces	James Frey		" The most lacerating tale of drug addiction since William S. Burroughs' Junky." — "The Boston Globe" " Again and again, the book delivers recollections that leave the reader winded and unsteady. James Frey' s staggering recovery memoir could well be seen as the final word on the topic." — "San Francisco Chronicle" " A brutal, beautifully written memoir." — "The Denver Post" " Gripping . . . A great story . . . You can' t help but cheer his victory." — "Los Angeles Times Book Review"	2004-05-10	John Murray						ZZZ000000
9780340898932	Lisey's Story	Stephen King		Lisey Landon lost her husband Scott two years ago, after a twenty-five-year marriage of profound, sometimes frightening intimacy. Scott was a celebrated, award-winning, novelist. And a complex man. Lisey knew there was a dark place where her husband ventured to face his demons. Boo'ya Moon is what Scott called it; a realm that both terrified and healed him, that could eat him alive or give him the ideas he needed to write and live. Now it's Lisey's turn to face her husband's demons. And what begins as a widow's effort to sort through her husband's effects becomes a perilous journey into the heart of darkness.	2006-10-24	Hodder & Stoughton						ZZZ000000
9780786890958	The year of yes	Maria Dahvana Headley			2006-01-01	Hyperion						ZZZ000000
9780719569944	Mister Pip	Lloyd Jones		"On a copper-rich tropical island shattered by war, where the teachers have fled with almost everyone else, only one white man chooses to stay behind: the eccentric Mr. Watts, object of much curiosity and scorn, who sweeps out the ruined schoolhouse and begins to read to the children each day from Charles Dickens's classic Great Expectations." "So begins this story about the abiding strength that imagination, once ignited, can provide. While artillery echoes in the mountains, thirteen-year-old Matilda and her peers are riveted by the adventures of a young orphan named Pip in a city called London, a city whose contours soon become more real than their own blighted landscape. As Mr. Watts says, "A person entranced by a book simply forgets to breathe." Soon come the rest of the villagers, initially threatened, finally inspired to share tales of their own that bring alive the rich mythology of their past. But in a ravaged place where even children are forced to live by their wits and daily survival is the only objective, imagination can be a dangerous thing."--BOOK JACKET.	2008-01-10	J. Murray						ZZZ000000
9788190688635	Succsex,how to use your own sex energy to tap into the genius within!	Ravi V. Melwani			2009*	Ravi V. Melwani						ZZZ000000
9780721400228	Adventure at the castle	W. Murray			1967	Ladybird Books						ZZZ000000
9780721406466	Books are exciting	W. Murray&M. Aitchison			1987-06	Ladybird Books						ZZZ000000
9780721400129	The Holiday Camp mystery	William Murray			1966	Ladybird						ZZZ000000
9780721400242	Mountain adventure	W. Murray			1979	Ladybird Books						ZZZ000000
9780721400365	The open door to reading	W. Murray			1967	Ladybird Books						ZZZ000000
9780721405537	Happy holiday	William Murray&Harry Wingfield			1964	Ladybird						ZZZ000000
9780721405445	The big house	W. Murray			1987-06	Ladybird						ZZZ000000
9780721405513	Fun with sounds	William Murray			1987-06	Ladybird Books						ZZZ000000
9781844224012	Learning Is Fun	W. Murray		The 'Ladybird Key Words' reading scheme is based on the principle that only 12 'key' words make up 25% of what we read and write, and another 100 makes up 50%. By showing how these words are used, children can learn to read and write quickly and effectively.	2004	Penguin Group						JNF046000
9781844223732	Mystery on the Island	W. Murray		In book 11a, follows Peter and Jane as they discover a missing boy on an island and introduces 129 new words. Once this book is completed, the child moves on to book 11b.	2005	Penguin Books, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781844224043	Boys and Girls	W. Murray		In book 3b, Peter and Jane help their mum and dad in 36 new words including 'rabbits', 'play', 'cake' and 'school'. Once this book has been completed, the child moves on to book 3c.	2004	Penguin Group						ZZZ000000
9781844223824	Jump from the Sky	W. Murray		In book 9b, Peter and Jane visit an air show and introduce 109 new words, including 'sometimes', 'interesting', 'jumping' and 'balloon'. Once this book has been completed, the child moves on to book 10b.	2005	Penguin Books, Limited						ZZZ000000
9780721416281	Lost in Piper's Park	William Murray&Jill Corby			1993-10-01	Ladybird						ZZZ000000
9780721422817	Let's Play I'm a Nurse	John Burton		Ladybird's Let's Play is a series of fun-filled activity books, each with its own easy-clean play outfit.	2001-06	Penguin Books, Limited						ZZZ000000
9788190815604	9 Secrets, The Ultimate Success	Biswas Dipankar		9 Secrets, the Ultimate Success Strategies written by Dipankar Biswas is the book for those people who give importance to human values; the ultimate self-help book on Personal & organisational Development. It's a step by step guide to develop individuals, organisations, communities and nations Most difficult task in human life is to conquer one self. If you can conquer yourself, you can conquer the world. If you want to conquer yourself, then you have to conquer your mind. Mastering our mind is the most difficult job, but most satisfying accomplishment in one's life time. The book shows the crystal clear path to conquer one's mind.The author claims that currently 90% of the corporate employees are suffering from psychosomatic health disorder and this book is the pill to cure those 90% corporate health disorders.The book not only shows the path to succeed in life but gives us the long term solution to terrorism and traffic management in India.	2009-01-01	Life Management Acad						ZZZ000000
9781741045659	Great Britain	David Else		Britain was the sixth most popular destination in the world in 2006. This resource provides coverage of British trends from celebrity obsessions to the booming music scene, and features almost twice as many maps as other guide books.	2007	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741047608	Botswana and Namibia	Paula Hardy&Matthew D. Firestone		Discover Botswana & Namibia Make peace with your creator and jump out of a plane over the dune fields at Swakopmund.Brace yourself against the wind and fog on the Skeleton Coast.Reconnect with your food by diving finger first into a steaming-hot plate of stew and pap.Get a face-first view of the Namib Desert as you slide down a dune on a greased-up masonite board.Scope some serious bling at Jwaneng, which produces 10 million carats of diamonds annually. In This Guide: Two dedicated authors, 146 days of in-country research, 84 maps, 41 Windhoek Lagers.Victoria Falls special chapter, color wildlife section.Incorporating 412 traveler tips and suggestions.	2007-02-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740599153	China	Damian Harper		First-time coverage of ancient villages in an English-language guidebook. The WTO predicts 52 million tourists will visit China in 2007. The 2008 Olympics in Beijing means everyone is talking about China. Star-studded author team includes China experts Damien Harper and Bradley Mayhew, with Chinese journalists Min Dai and Lin Gu.	2007-05-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740599771	Maldives	Tom Masters		You're not dreaming - it really is this good. The Maldives is the world epicentre of tropical luxury. Raise a cocktail-filled glass in your lavish over-water villa to this extraordinary patch of paradise: picture-perfect coral atolls strewn across the cobalt-blue Indian Ocean. Stretch out on blissful beaches in the fringed shade of coconut palms - go on, you deserve it. This bestselling guide is your passport to the holiday of a lifetime. Choose Wisely - our author gives you the facts before you book your stay; the Choosing a Resort chapter and detailed listings compare all the resorts. Submerge - our Snorkelling, Diving & Surfing chapter gives you the when, where and how on getting the best out of all the offshore pursuits. Know The Background - dedicated History and Culture chapters give you the picture behind the postcards. Jump The Fence - we give you the options on escaping your resort and meeting the locals.	2006-10-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741046564	Greece	Paul Hellander		Describes the history, culture, geography, and people of Greece and shares information on major points of interest, activities, hotels, restaurants, and shopping.	2008-03-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9780864426659	The Arctic	Deanna Swaney		The only guide to the fascinating frontier surrounding the North Pole. This book is full of practical advice for the intrepid explorer and comprehensive background reading for the armchair traveller.-- full-colour nature guide-- special chapters written by experts on Arctic exploration, scientific research, indigenous peoples, literature and activities-- covers the Arctic regions of the eight countries that claim a portion of this vast area: Canada, Finland, Greenland, Iceland, Norway, Russia, Sweden and the USA	1999	Lonely Planet Publications						ZZZ000000
9781864502954	Athens	David Willett&Kim Wildman		Travel guides explore countries, regions and cities in depth and for every budget, with reliable, easy-to-use maps, first-hand recommendations, well-researched background information and thorough, up-to-date coverage of all the sights -- on and off the beaten track. There are more than 230 titles in this classic series covering nearly every country in the world. -- in-depth information on Athens' fascinating history and architectural heritage -- detailed guide to the incomparable Acropolis -- local lowdown on accommodation and restaurant options for all budgets and tastes -- spot-on guide to entertainment, from rembetika music and ancient drama to jazz clubs -- excursions to ancient cliff-top temples, Byzantine monasteries, spectacular coastal lookouts and more	2001-08-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741043105	Australia	Justine Vaisutis&Becca Blond&Lindsay Brown		Discover Australia Feel the wind in your hair as you cruise the world's longest road; tips for driving across this magnificent, monster country.Find out where Lonely Planet's favorite Australians would rather be.Seek refuge in Cape Tribulation's Wet Tropics where the rainforest greets the sea.Join the dots; hear about Aboriginal culture from Australia's first people. In This Guide: 12 intrepid authors, over 70 weeks on-the-road research, 204 maps, one possum in a tent.Wine regions boxed and packaged, brilliant food in every state, decent coffee every 300kms!Visit "lonelyplanet.com" for reviews, daily updates and traveler suggestions.	2007-10-24	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741045642	Baja California & Los Cabos	Danny Palmerlee		Special surfing chapter written by boarding guru. Candid interviews with locals. Specialist written food section. Baja receives 1.4 million visitors annually.	2007-08-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740597012	Barcelona	Damien Simonis		Offering fast, easy, and accessible information for urban adventurers, these compact, full-color travel guide, written by local experts who share insider knowledge and opinionated recommendations, include pull-out maps, accommodation selections based on theme, must-see sites and experiences, monthly city events and festivals, itineraries, background history and neighborhood facts, shopping and restaurants, and other local suggestions.	2007-05-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740598422	Beijing	Damian Harper&David Eimer		Ever wonder what Peking duck tastes like on its home turf? Always wanted to climb the Great Wall? Or perhaps you'd like something a little more obscure. A ride around town in Madame Mao's old Red Flag stretch limousine, perhaps? Whatever tickles you, one thing's for sure: Beijing is one impressive city. This up-to-the-minute guidebook uncovers all the marvellous secrets - and makes sure you have a great time. Pull-Out Sheet Map in Chinese and English Beijing Resident Author - over 500 places visited and reviewed; dozens of new bars and restaurants added Language Help - all places listed in Chinese and English for easy navigation Ancient Beijing Explored in walking and cycling tours through the "hutong" Olympics Coverage shows off the city's remarkable transformation	2007-08-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740595193	Belize	John Noble&Susan Forsyth		Complemented by easy-to use, reliable maps, helpful recommendations, authoritative background information, and up-to-date coverage of things to see and do, these popular travel guides cover in detail countries, regions, and cities around the world for travelers of every budget, along with extensive itineraries, maps with cross-referencing to the text, "Top 10" and "Top 5" lists, and other practical features.	2005	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740591041	Bermuda	Glenda Bendure&Ned Friary		Sip a rum swizzle while lolling on a pink-sand beach, amble down the cobblestones of the historic Town of St George, explore parish backroads by motor scooter - bite-size Bermuda will seduce you with its tranquil, subtropical charm. Whether you want to dive down to shipwrecks or work on your golf swing, this comprehensive guide to de Rock is your ticket to the perfect island getaway. Stay In Style - whether your tastes run to gracious B&Bs, romantic resorts or cozy cottages Get Moving - world-class snorkeling, golfing and tennis right at your fingertips Connect With The Past - forts, wrecks and lighthouses display the fascinating history of the oldest continuously inhabited English settlement in the New World Eat, Drink & Be Merry - uncovers the best spots for fresh seafood and high tea Explore - crystalline limestone caves and the world's most northerly coral reefs beckon the adventurous	2005-06-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741040258	Best of Buenos Aires	Danny Palmerlee		Strap on your dancing shoes, clear your palate and tango down to the land of lip-smacking steaks and bountiful bargains. Fanatical futbol matches, redhot clubs, morning-after cafes, the hippest shopping meccas - whatever lures you to BA, our local author reveals the city's finest and puts the Paris of the South in your pocket. Book jacket.	2006-02-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740596190	Best of Dubai	Terry Carter&Lara Dunston		Dubai thrives at broadband speed - blink and you'll miss the opening of the most fantastical mall, the most orgiastic hotel or the weirdest theme restaurant. But sunshine, nightlife and a touch of the exotic East are guaranteed year-round. Best of Dubai selects the best of the true and the new for the discerning traveller. Book jacket.	2006-02-02	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740594905	Best of Dublin	Oda O'Carroll		The new series name says it all: the "best" city experiences are profiled for short-trip visitors. Full color throughout and with a contemporary design, these easy-to-use guides offer information on choice eating, entertainment, and shopping venues. 12 maps.	2004-09-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741047370	Best of Mumbai	Joseph Bindloss		Plunge into India's 'Maximum City', where the glamour and glitter of Bollywood rub against the crush of 16 million Mumbaikers, where towering apartment blocks and air-conditioned shopping malls jostle alongside gracious colonial mansions and vibrant bazaars, where the revered relics of an ancient religious culture coexist with the latest filmi hit. Best of Mumbai puts the whole frenetic package in your pocket. Book jacket.	2006-02-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741041248	Best of New York City	Ginger Adams Otis		* Local author's top nods for Eating, Shopping and Entertainment plus more coverage of neighborhood attractions * Recommended walking tours, activities for children, and places to experience New York's eccentricities * Extensive Shopping chapter showcases the pick of hot designers and unique antiques.	2005-02-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740597111	Best of Prague	Richard Watkins		The ultimate guide for short-trip visitors highlights the best Prague has to offer, with information on the must-see destinations in this UNESCO World Heritage Site. Full color. 2 maps.	2006-01-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741040128	Lonely Planet Bahamas, Turks & Caicos	Jill Kirby		Discover the treasures of these storied islands, where Columbus first landed and pirates once plundered. Sail glowing turquoise seas, kayak through mangroves, swim with docile stingrays or take a romantic stroll along a pink-sand beach. Our inspiring guide brings you beyond the tourist resorts to deserted cays and friendly fishing villages for an authentic island experience. Explore Further - more coverage of the unspoiled Out Islands than any leading guidebook Take The Plunge - dedicated diving and snorkeling chapter reveals the best spots to see pristine reefs, eerie shipwrecks, colorful fish and mysterious blue holes Go Wild - admire flocks of leggy flamingos, nesting hawksbill turtles, wild Atlantic spotted dolphins, curly-tailed iguanas and majestic humpback whales Eat, Drink & Be Merry - enjoy a Friday night Fish Fry, raise a toast to Ernest Hemingway and dance to the infectious goombay beat Be Inspired - by obeah's mysticism, the pageantry of a Junkanoo parade and the wisdom of bush medicine	2005	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741045574	Bolivia	Kate Armstrong&Vesna Maric&Andy Symington		Best selling guide to Bolivia with rich cultural content More coverage of the less-trod paths helps travellers go further and experience more Dedicated Outdoors chapter and strong focus on DIY content and great maps Insights into Bolivia's indigenous heritage and age-old customs	2007-06-20	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741045840	British Columbia	Ryan Ver Berkmoes&John Lee		Star authors for this publication include one Vancouver resident, two renowned British Columbia experts, and full-time travel writers. Within this text is an enhanced Cariboo-Chilcotin chapter on B.C.Us last great unexplored regions and a killer, full-color outdoors chapter.	2007-05-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741040241	Brittany and Normandy	Jeanne Oliver&Miles Roddis		With a special section on D-Day landings, this handbook offers detailed advice for exploring by bike or car, with more than 40 pp. of maps. of color photos.	2004-07	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740599511	California	Andrea Schulte-Peevers&Sara Benson		Tempt vertigo on the hills of San Francisco and rub elbows with a star in an LA boutique. Sample syrahs in the Wine Country, cruise cliff-hugging Hwy 1 or hike in the heat of Death Valley. Whether you're a city slicker, road tripper or adrenaline junkie, grab this in-depth, cheeky guide and let our local authors steer you to the treasures of the Golden State. Plot Your Route - 120 detailed maps and seven handy itineraries help you navigate and plan your adventure. Take It Outside - surfing Steamers Lane, climbing Half Dome, skiing Tahoe, diving San Diego: the scoop on the hottest California activities. Eat Your Heart Out - hundreds of restaurant reviews, from tasty taquerias to celebrity-chef bistros. Sleep Easy - the best places for California dreaming, from mountaintop campgrounds to oceanfront resorts. Cross The Border - expanded Las Vegas chapter shows you how to hit the jackpot in flirty, fabulous Sin City, plus tips on heading south to Mexico.	2006-04-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741043013	Central Europe	Paul Smitz		Only multi-country guide to exclusively cover Central Europe Covers key cities and popular tourist trails like Berlin-Dresden-Leipzig-Prague and Prague-Vienna-Budapest Expanded coverage of Malaysia's awesome adventure activities Central Europe is littered with old-world cities like Vienna and Salzburg, as well as those with a contemporary vibe like Berlin and Prague	2007-02-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740590648	Chiang Mai & Northern Thailand	Joe Cummings		This guide presents 48 east-to-read maps of Chiang Mai and major places of interest, including a colour map; the lowdown on arranging hill treks, choosing guides and staying safe on the trail; special section on the North’s colourful hill tribes; sought-after recommendations on where to stay and eat for all budgets; details on regional travel, including trips to Laos and Myanmar.	2002-04-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741049404	Lonely Planet Citiescape Singapore	Mat Oakley		Candid and beautiful photographs of Singapore combine with insightful and perceptive commentary, giving the city an expressive personality. Real eye-candy for travel junkies & those who love the urban environment.	2006-11	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781864502039	Copenhagen	Glenda Bendure&Ned Friary		Travel guides explore countries, regions and cities in depth and for every budget, with reliable, easy-to-use maps, first-hand recommendations, well-researched background information and thorough, up-to-date coverage of all the sights -- on and off the beaten track. There are more than 230 titles in this classic series covering nearly every country in the world.-- special section on Copenhagen's world-famous Jazz Festival-- the best and coolest places to eat and drink-- insider information on how to navigate the northern nightlife-- detailed activities coverage, from canal-boating and swimming to cycling and castle-hopping-- accommodation options for every traveller's budget-- detailed language section to help you order Elephant beer and converse with the Little Mermaid	2001-06-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781864502978	Delhi	Patrick Horton&Richard Plunkett&Hugh Finlay		The Taj Mahal is just a day's journey away from this delightful destination--and Lonely Planet's city guide to New Delhi tells travelers the best way to get there. Details on the city's hotels and restaurants is included, plus walking and bike tour information. Over 20 full-color maps & color photos throughout.	2002-09-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740594899	Denmark	Andrew Bender&Sally O'Brien		* All-new itineraries offer readers a new way to access the country * Detailed coverage of Outdoor Activities, including the nation's favorite pastime -windsurfing * Engaging coverage of the country's contemporary culture.	2005-02	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781742201009	Discover Ireland	Fionn Davenport		A close-up view of Ireland's highlights from an expert on prehistoric Brú Na Bóinne, the manager of a top Dublin restaurant, a former footballer and radio presenter from Killarney, and a traditional Irish dance instructor. 'Best of' lists like Spots to Wet your Beak - best Dublin pubs, and Music Houses - for hearing traditional Irish music, show you how to live like a local. Resident Dublin author is a radio and TV presenter in Ireland and has written for Lonely Planet for over a decade. COVERAGE: Dublin, Eastern Ireland, Kilkenny and the Southeast, Southwest Ireland, Galway and the West, Northwest Ireland, Northern Ireland.	2010	Lonely Planet Publications						ZZZ000000
9781740596442	East Timor	Tony Wheeler		* The only guide on the market to Southeast Asia's newest nation * Written by renowned world traveler and Lonely Planet co-founder, Tony Wheeler, with contributions from President Xanana Gusmao and First Lady Kirsty Sword-Gusmao * The low-down on East Timor's compelling history, unique culture and language.	2004	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740590204	East Timor phrasebook	John Hajek&Alexandre Vital Tilman		Phrasebook of the languages of East Timor in the Lonely Planet Phrasebook series. Foreword by Xanana Gusmao. Focuses on the Tetun language but also provides chapters on Portuguese, Fataluku, Makasae and Kemak. Includes two-way English-Tetun dictionary, pronunciation guide and index.	2001-07-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741048148	Lonely Planet Ethiopia & Eritrea	Jean-Bernard Carillet		Explore Ethiopia and Eritrea with the people who know it best: Lonely Planet. Discover ancient churches and cities frozen in time, trek the dramatic landscape of the Simien and Bale Mountains, and go diving in the thriving reefs of the Dahlak Islands. Explore Asmara's astounding Italian Art Deco architecture and finish the day with the perfect macchiato. Lonely Planet guides are written by experts who get to the heart of every destination they visit. This fully updated edition is packed with accurate, practical and honest advice, designed to give you the information you need to make the most of your trip. In This Guide: Tailored trips to get you up close with history and nature Take a hike or dance the day away with our festivals and activities chapter Green Index to make your travels ecofriendly	2009-11-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741792072	Italian	Lonely Planet Publications&Lonely Planet		Lonely Planet's Fast Talk with Audio series gives you all the basics you may need for an easy and hassle-free short trip away. This practical, pocket-sized phrasebook and CD companion is your best bet to laughing, eating and telling it like it is - in a way that even locals will understand!	2007-05-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741791068	Fast Talk Slovene	Urska Pajer		Newest addition to the popular Fast Talk series. Easy pronunciation trips and mini dictionary. No frills flights are now running from London to Ljubljana so numbers of visitors are set to increase rapidly. 50,000 students add a young vibe to Ljubljana that also hosts over 10,000 cultural events a year.	2007-03-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781864503838	Georgia & the Carolinas	Jeremy Gray&Jeff Davis&China Williams		This in-depth guide takes a thorough look at a region popular with many types of visitors -- commercial Atlanta, colonial Charleston, the college town of Athens & the Smokey Mountains. With more budget & off-the-beaten-track sights than the competition, it offers the best scenic drives in each state for travelers by car, as well as a tantalizing map of offshore sunken treasure. There's also a special section on the area's music tradition, including folk, soul, country, bluegrass & rock.	2002-01-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740595612	Grand Canyon National Park	Jennifer Denniston&Amy Marr&David Lukas		This comprehensive guide has in-depth coverage of nearby Native American sites, including historical and cultural background, plus it includes details on visiting all the canyon rims and advice on finding the best views.	2004-01-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740599375	Great Smoky Mountains & Shenandoah National Parks	Michael Read&Loretta Chilcoat&David Lukas		The only guidebook that covers the two Appalachian Mountain parks includes over 50 hikes and special features on Appalachian crafts and bluegrass music, as well as feature coverage of the popular Blue Ridge Parkway scenic drive.	2005-03-15	Lonely Planet Publications						ZZZ000000
9781741043143	Greek Islands	Paul Hellander		With world-class beaches, a tradition of warm hospitality, great food, and a fascinating history, the lure of Greece's stunning archipelagos has never been stronger. Take the guesswork out of finding the perfect island paradise with this bestselling guide.	2008-03-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741045772	Hawaii	Jeff Campbell		Thought Hawaii was a bit predictable? You've been reading the wrong guides. Fully revised and packed with local voices, cultural insights and fresh recommendations for everyone from honeymooners to adrenaline junkies. Awesome Hawaii Outdoors chapter full of adventures on land and sea. Unbeatable surfing coverage by Hawaii surf guru and Surfer magazine editor Jake Howard.	2007	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741046656	Hong Kong and Macau	Andrew Stone&Chung Wah Chow&Reggie Ho		Complemented by easy-to use, reliable maps, helpful recommendations, authoritative background information, and up-to-date coverage of things to see and do, these helpful travel guides, written by local experts on each city, offer detailed coverage of cities around the world for travelers of every budget, along with extensive itineraries, neighborhood descriptions, insider advice, street maps, entertainment and shopping recommendations, "green" travel tips, and many other features.	2008-01-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741043082	India	Joe Bindloss&Sarina Singh		Supplies tips on sightseeing in India and surveys the hotels, restaurants, transportation, and attractions in the cities of India.	2007	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741046960	Ireland	Fionn Davenport		Details the history, culture, politics, architecture, and arts of the country while recommending accommodations, attractions, and places to eat.	2008-01-11	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9780864425638	Islands of Australia's Great Barrier Reef	Hugh Finlay&Mark Armstrong&Tony Wheeler		Covers the reef islands as well as mainland gateways such as Cairns, Port Douglas and Townsville. With information, photographs and drawings on the incomparable array of marine life to be seen and advice for activities on land and water, this guide will serve as a valuable planning guide and an indispensable companion for those traveling to the world's largest coral reef.	1998-09	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741049398	Lonely Planet Citiescape Kathmandu	Joe Bindloss		Candid and beautiful photographs of Kathmandu combine with insightful and perceptive commentary, giving the city an expressive personality. Real eye-candy for travel junkies & those who love the urban environment.	2006	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781864501278	Lisbon	Julia Wilkinson		Travel guides explore countries, regions and cities in depth and for every budget, with reliable, easy-to-use maps, first-hand recommendations, well-researched background information and thorough, up-to-date coverage of all the sights -- on and off the beaten track. There are more than 230 titles in this classic series covering nearly every country in the world.-- comprehensive coverage of Portugal's impressive capital, from aguardente to azulejos-- expanded sections on where to shop for the best bargains-- up to date information on the hottest, and coolest, nightspots-- detailed walking tours in and around this picturesque city-- completely updated full colour maps and photos	2001-03	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9780864423344	Los Angeles,a Lonely Planet city guide	John Gottberg		From tinsel town to Toon Town, from Venice Beach to Rodeo Drive, LA is a vacation from reality. But with attractions such as Disneyland and Beverly Hills getting so much attention, and with a tangled web of freeways twisting over the city, you can easily miss much of what LA has to offer. This insightful guide - packed with insider information and tips for making the most of your time and budget - will lead you through one of the world's most dynamic cities.	1996-05	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741047905	Los Angeles	Amy C. Balfour		In 2005 a record 25 million tourists visited the original 'as seen on TV' city.	2007-09-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740595728	Lonely Planet road trip,New England	Lonely Planet Publications (Firm)			2004	Lonely Planet Publications						ZZZ000000
9781740597449	Mexico	John Noble		Fancy a fiesta? Savor sun-soaked beaches? Treasure tacos and tequila? Pack your bags and prepare to bask in the glow of vibrant Mexico! Equipped with this bestselling, opinion-packed guide, you'll follow in the footsteps of our Mexico experts through colorful Mexico City markets, across deserted Baja beaches, over Aztec and Mayan pyramids and into the soul of Mexico. GET AROUND - 180 detailed maps, more than any other guidebook to Mexico, plus comprehensive bus schedules BE INSPIRED - customized itineraries and full-color highlights up front to help you plan BECOME THE EXPERT - learn about Mexican history and cuisine from our expert contributors REST EASY - Spanish colonial inns, luxurious Caribbean resorts and other fine spots to lay your sombrero HABLA ESPAÑOL - handy language chapter and reviews of language schools throughout the country	2006-09-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781864501049	Micronesia	Kate Galbraith&Glenda Bendure&Ned Friary		-- now covers all of Micronesia, including Kiribati, Nauru and the US Territories-- details on local transport options, including boat travel between islands-- comprehensive coverage of local customs, culture, arts and languages-- tips on the best spots to try diving and snorkelling and other activities	2000-09-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740598156	Moscow	Mara Vorhees		Delight in the iconic onion domes of St Basil's Cathedral, treat yourself to world-class ballet at the Bolshoi, be dazzled by chandeliers in the metro and get steamed and washed at a banya. From the splendour of the Kremlin to fine dining haute-russe, you'll discover a city that's cloaked in history and embracing the future. Revel in this frenetic, changing capital with this best-selling guide. Discerning Reviews - hand-picked eating and sleeping options from Georgian cuisine to the best renovated Soviet hotels Muscovite Nightlife - elite clubs, bohemian bars, cafes, opera and ballet Cultural Context - insightful history coverage puts Moscow's past and present in perspective Full Color Maps - detailed, grid-referenced maps and a metro plan In-Depth Language Chapter - includes Cyrillic script	2006-03-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9780864427021	Mumbai (Bombay)	David Collins		Only Lonely Planet covers the financial capital of India (formerly as Bombay) from the glamour of Bollywood to the chaos of Asia's largest slums.-- coverage of short trips from the city-- walking tours of Mumbai's major attractions-- mouth-watering reviews of the city's best dining spots-- tips on doing business in Mumbai-- special colour section on the film industry	1999-10-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740590426	Namibia	Deanna Swaney		From the highest dunes in the world to the ghost towns & shipwrecks of the southern coast, this guide truly explores Southern Africa's magnificent desert state. It offers valuable tips on overland travel & describes enviable hiking opportunities & provides 45 superior maps to Africa's rapidly expanding traveler hot spot.	2002-01-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781864502022	New Caledonia	Leanne Logan&Geert Cole		Travel guides explore countries, regions and cities in depth and for every budget, with reliable, easy-to-use maps, first-hand recommendations, well-researched background information and thorough, up-to-date coverage of all the sights -- on and off the beaten track. There are more than 230 titles in this classic series covering nearly every country in the world.-- 36 detailed maps, including the outer islands-- special focus on New Caledonia's magnificent scuba diving sites-- kanak arts and crafts, including modern dance and ancient sculpture-- comprehensive French-language guide-- where to stay from exclusive resorts to Kanak homestays	2001-07-05	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741041255	New York State	China Williams&Becca Blond		Although 80 pages are dedicated to New York City, this third edition has a strong focus on the state's outdoor recreation, cultural attractions, historical background and cuisine. of color photos. 48 maps.	2004	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781864500981	Normandy	Jeanne Oliver		Travel guides explore countries, regions and cities in depth and for every budget, with reliable, easy-to-use maps, first-hand recommendations, well-researched background information and thorough, up-to-date coverage of all the sights -- on and off the beaten track. There are more than 230 titles in this classic series covering nearly every country in the world.-- detailed guide to exploring historic Normandy and its fascinating cultural heritage-- informative special sections on the D-Day landings and the Bayeux Tapestry-- the whole spectrum of accommodation options, from canal barges to chateaux-- advice on the best places to sample Normandy's famous Calvados and Camembert-- includes essential French language chapter, and a handy food & drink glossary	2001-08-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741790955	Northeast India	Joe Bindloss&Lindsay Brown&Mark Elliott&Paul Harding		As the only guide to focus specifically on Northeast India, this book contains more than 40 maps, plus a two-color highlights map to help with itinerary design. Includes all the Sikkim, West Bengal, and Orissa coverage from Lonely Planets "India" guide plus expanded information on the newly opened Northeast states.	2007-10-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740595636	Philadelphia & the Pennsylvania Dutch Country	John Spelman		In-depth coverage of historical attractions like the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall and the new National Constitution Center; more than 100 exceptional museums, including ones devoted to Rodin, Benjamin Franklin, and medical oddities; over 15 maps to explore the city; Walking tours reveal the hidden charms of Philadelphia's colorful neighborhoods.	2004	Lonely Planet Publications						ZZZ000000
9781741042900	Rarotonga and the Cook Islands	Oliver Berry&Errol Hunt		Dreaming of a Polynesian paradise? Welcome to the Cook Islands: secluded beaches, cultural riches and the most spectacular scenery in the South Pacific. From bustling Rarotonga and beautiful 'Atiu to far-flung Pukapuka, let Lonely Planet help you find your own place in the sun. Be Spoilt For Choice - includes coverage of all 15 islands Don't Get Lost - unless you want to: 34 maps to point you in the right direction Get Active - if that's your thing: all the details on diving, snorkelling, trekking, windsurfing and cycling Sleep Soundly - the very best resorts, hostels and everything in between Before You Book - find out what our author thought of your resort - get the honest scoop	2006	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741041507	Lonely Planet Rome,Condensed	Martin Hughes&Sally Webb		- convenient foldout maps demystify the Metro system and point out the must-sees- updated food section leads to the most delicious eateries in Rome- the best-of-the-best of the city's shopping offerings- a 'Walking Tour's section for the up-close-and-personal experience- from the Trevi Fountain to the Circus Maximus, the best sights and highlights are in here	2003-09	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741045239	Samoan Islands and Tonga	Paul Smitz&Susannah Farfor		Talofa and malo e lelei! Basking in the waters of the South Pacific, the Tongan and Samoan islands offer adventures aplenty and a chance to avoid the sun-seeking hordes. Swim with whales off Vava'u or discover the ruins of Ta'u. Luxuriate in swish resorts or kick back in beachside huts. Tap into Apia's buzzing cafe scene or Nuku'alofa's kava ceremonies. Whatever your island scene, take this bestselling guide along! A Triple Treat of Polynesian destinations: the kingdom of Tonga, the independent nation of Samoa, and the territory of American Samoa Eliminate The Guesswork - whatever your accommodation choice, make your decision based on honest, opinionated reviews Learn The Local Lore with expert culture, history and other background chapters written by authors who have actually lived here Get Active - or not: everything you need to know about snorkelling, diving, sailing, hiking and more	2006	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740593809	San Francisco condensed	Tom Given		-- the best to see and do for travellers making short trips to the city-- attractive and practical maps make short work of the city's famous curves-- excursions section leads travellers across the Golden Gate or around the bay in a day-- four wondrous walking tours show visitors how to hang out in the Haight and check out Chinatown-- laced with tales of hippies and shanghaiers, Beats and immigrants	2002-10-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740597906	Savannah, Charleston & the Carolina Coast	Randy Peffer&Debra Miller		- detailed nightlife coverage reveals the saucy side of these charming Southern cities-walking tours reveal architectural gems and historic treasures-tips for the best places to eat, from elegant Southern dining to hearty home-style cooking-complete guide to the barrier islands--Hilton Head, Daufuskie, Tybee, Sapelo, St Simon and Jekyll--plus golf mecca Myrtle Beach and other low country excursions	2004	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741044805	Slovenia	Stephen Fallon		Discover Slovenia Learn how Lake Bled escapted being drained and having its clay made into bricks.Hit the piste with the people who invented skiing 400 years ago.Frock up in sheepskins, horns and feathers - and get away with it - at Kurentovanje.Discover why the dragons on Zmajski Most wag their tails when some people pass. In This Guide: The original English-language guide to Slovenia; 12 years of in-country expertise; 58 maps.Expanded coverage and practical information on activities indoor, outdoor and underwater.Leading Slovenian literay figure, Andrej Blatnik, discusses punk rock and football.Content updated daily: visit "lonelyplanet.com" for up-to-the-minute reviews, updates and traveler suggestions.	2007-05-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741041651	South India	Paul Harding&Patrick Horton&Janine Eberle&Amy Karafin&Simon Richmond		Complemented by easy-to use, reliable maps, helpful recommendations, authoritative background information, and up-to-date coverage of things to see and do, these popular travel guides cover in detail countries, regions, and cities around the world for travelers of every budget, along with extensive itineraries, maps with cross-referencing to the text, "Top 10" and "Top 5" lists, and other practical features.	2005-10-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740597456	Southern Africa	Alan Murphy		Comprehensive coverage of all Southern African countries South Africa, Lesotho, Swaziland, Botswana, Namibia, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Zambia and Malawi Extensive information on some of the world's most expensive safari lodges through to the cheapest backpacker accommodation Dedicated Music chapter by specialist Jane Cornwall Listings hand-picked by local expert authors	2007-03-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9780864427168	South Australia	Denis O'Byrne		The only guide to South Australia--the least explored of Australia's mainland states--this book offers advice on outback travel, suggestions for touring the wine districts of the Barossa Valley, Clare Valley, and Coonawarra, and gives details on outdoor activities including bushwalking, cycling, surfing, and hot-air ballooning. of color photos.	1999-10-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741047264	Southeast Asia on a shoestring	China Williams		This is the Yellow Bible - the one that started it all. We've been covering this region for over 30 years, and we're the experts in how to get the most out of your trip. Once you've tasted the non-stop cities, templed forests and lounge-around beaches, you'll want to stay and stay - and this book can help you. This guide covers; Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, East Timor, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar (Burma), Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam.	2008	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741047042	South India	Sarina Singh&Simon Richmond		Once seen as pure backpacker territory, South India now attracts all kinds of travellers - and cheap domestic flights make it incredibly accessible. In-depth coverage of Goa's beaches and Kerala's backwaters. Detailed itineraries and 50 maps to help you find whatever drew you here: spiritual experiences, undiscovered pockets or astounding temples and bazaars.	2007-09-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741041729	Stockholm	Becky Ohlsen		A Scandinavian gem blending ancient Viking roots and cutting-edge design, Stockholm's cultural port-folio makes it a captivating destination. This smart and stylish guide unlocks the secrets of the city from the snaking back alleys of medieval Gamla Stan to the nightlife of bohemian Sodermalm. Book jacket.	2004	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740597623	Switzerland	Damien Simonis&Sarah Johnstone&Nicola Williams		Complemented by easy-to use, reliable maps, helpful recommendations, authoritative background information, and up-to-date coverage of things to see and do, these popular travel guides cover in detail countries, regions, and cities around the world for travelers of every budget, along with extensive itineraries, maps with cross-referencing to the text, "Top 10" and "Top 5" lists, and other practical features.	2006-06-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741046625	Sydney	Peter Dragicevich&Jolyon Attwooll		An entertaining, down-to-earth look at Australia's most-visited city. Expanded coverage of gay and lesbian Sydney. Resident author lets you in on the city's best kept secrets: food, shopping (what can you buy in Sydney and nowhere else) and urban cool. Focus on sustainable businesses, including tours of Sydney's greenest house.	2008-01-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740597746	Tasmania	Carolyn Bain&Gina Tsarouhas&Paul Smitz		Colourful Salamanca Market, poignant Port Arthur, the exhilarating wilderness of Cradle Mountain, bountiful fresh produce and pampering aplenty - Tasmania, the island state, offers an entirely different Australian experience. With detailed regional and urban coverage this definitive guidebook allows you to make a perfect getaway on Australia's emerald isle. Find Yourself in the Great Outdoors - our National Parks chapter covers mountain terrain and gentle rambles Get Out, Get About with our suggestions for outdoor activities, from fly fishing to family-friendly nature walks Lick Your Lips at our coverage of local gourmet fare - seafood, King Island cheeses and cool-climate wines Dream Sweetly with our accommodation options, from B&Bs and camp sites to cozy pubs and cottages Go Your Own Way with our 50 maps, including detours to help you find your own slice of solitude	2005	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9780864426376	Tibet	Bradley Mayhew		Perched on the roof of the world, Tibet has for centuries evoked images of a land steeped in magic and mystery. Discover the secrets of this alluring destination -- from its snow-capped mountains to its time-lost monasteries -- with this outstanding guide.-- 42 maps, including a full-colour Tibet map-- background notes on history, culture and Buddhism-- essential transport details, including the overland routes through China and Nepal-- tips on how to stay healthy and travel safely-- useful Tibetan and Mandarin language chapter	1999-03	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740590853	Trekking in the Indian Himalaya	Garry Weare		-- accurate route descriptions for more than 150 days of trekking with detailed stage-by-stage itineraries-- completely updated -- the best trekking guide to this great alternative to Nepal-- invaluable advice on hiring guides-- trekker-specific equipment and medical sections	2002	Lonely Planet Publications						ZZZ000000
9781740599207	Tunisia	Abigail Hole&Michael Grosberg&Daniel Robinson		Complemented by easy-to use, reliable maps, helpful recommendations, authoritative background information, and up-to-date coverage of things to see and do, these popular travel guides cover in detail countries, regions, and cities around the world for travelers of every budget, along with extensive itineraries, maps with cross-referencing to the text, "Top 10" and "Top 5" lists, and other practical features.	2007-04-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781864503579	Tuscany	Neal Bedford&Damien Simonis&Imogen Franks		This all-encompassing edition covers the rural with rigor and Florence with flair. Includes sections on Tuscany by foot and the Tuscany cuisine. Full-color photos. 45 maps.	2002-03-07	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741045451	Venezuela	Thomas Kohnstamm		Complemented by easy-to use, reliable maps, helpful recommendations, authoritative background information, and up-to-date coverage of things to see and do, these popular travel guides cover in detail countries, regions, and cities around the world for travelers of every budget, along with extensive itineraries, maps with cross-referencing to the text, "Top 10" and "Top 5" lists, and other practical features.	2007	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740597548	Victoria	Susie Ashworth&Jocelyn Harewood&Cathy Lanigan		Endless beaches, snowcapped mountains, bush re-treats, historic townships and Aus-tralia's sassiest city - Victoria is proof that good things come in small packages. Whether you want open vistas or urban spaces, big events or intimate escapes, Lonely Planet offers the perfect getaway with the only comprehensive guidebook to Victoria. Tap Into The Pulse with our inside information on magical Melbourne's best eateries, watering holes, and sports and arts events Wet Your Whistle - dedicated Wineries chapter offers expert advice on Victoria's wine industry Get Out There with our tips for activities in the air, on land or on water - from ballooning to bushwalking, skiing to surfing Rest Your Head - with country pubs, hip hotels, B&Bs and campsites, we've got your sleeping options covered Find Your Way or lose yourself (if you prefer) - with over 70 maps of cities, towns, regions and national parks	2005-10-01	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781864500349	Watching wildlife Central America	David Andrew			2002-09-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741042344	Western Europe	Ryan Ver Berkmoes		Most comprehensive guide to Western Europe on the market Written by a crack team of expert authors including The Guardian's Best Young Travel Writer 2004 Strong emphasis on sustainable tourism Clever Itineraries and better maps, as well as more content on adventure travel, language courses, festivals, events and volunteering	2007-02-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740594301	California	Richard Sterling		-- California's culinary culture on a plate-- special Wine Country section on Napa Valley-- full colour with sumptuous photography throughout-- local recipes with flavour and flair	2003-05	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781864503289	World food India	Martin Hughes&Sheema Mookherjee&Richard Delacy		If you've dined on daal, nibbled on naan or been victimised by a vindaloo, you've had only a morsel from one of the world's most elaborate and inspiring cuisines. If you want to know what makes India's people tick, what fuels this manic and magical culture, you only have to explore the food. India lays itself bare at the table and this book takes you on an unforgettable expedition through the nation's rich tapestry of flavours and customs. Book jacket.	2001-08-02	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781740599368	Zion & Bryce Canyon National Parks	Jeff Campbell&David Lukas&John A. Vlahides		This comprehensive guide to Utah's most popular national parks includes special chapters on planning, itineraries and activities that cover all travelers' needs, whether they're first-time day-trippers or seasoned hikers.	2005	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781741045376	Iceland	Fran Parnell&Etain O'Carroll		The best-selling guide to the country. Iceland was voted the UK's favorite European destination by readers of the Guardian/Observer newspapers. The Blue Lagoon geothermal spa was rated best in the world by Conde Nast readers. Special season-themed section on outdoor/adventure activities like snowmobiling and biking.	2007-05-15	Lonely Planet						ZZZ000000
9781403927842	Transforming Bangladesh into a middle income economy	Sadiq Ahmed		Contributed articles on economic reform process and growth in Bangladesh.	2005-01-01	Macmilan India						ZZZ000000
9780230634862	Customer Service And The Human Experience	D' Ausilio			2008-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403923585	The Six Sigma Instructor Guide (2 Edition) : Green Belt Training Made Easy	Jay Arthur		This Instructor s Guide is designed to make learning the principles and processes of Six Sigma easy. The concept of Six Sigma is explained in the form of stories that makes learning fast, easy and fun. This book simplifies the concept of Six Sigma and presents it in such a user friendly manner that even readers with no previous knowledge of the concept can understand it. The lessons provided in the book enables improving key processes to make them better, faster, and cheaper and also sustain the improvements. It delves into the four key elements of Six Sigma and gives a complete overview of the concept.	2004-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230638426	How You Are Like Shampoo For Job Seekers	Bence		Employers want to know why you are the best choice for the job. Should they hire you or another candidate? The truth is that you're more likely to be selected for a job based on your connection with the interviewer than based on your qualifications. This groundbreaking book reveals a proven, step-by-step system for defining, communicating, and taking control of your personal brand before, during, and after a job interview. Modeled after the world's most successful big-brand marketing methods, this guide takes you start-to-finish through proven corporate branding techniques never before adapted for personal use.	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230635470	Corporitual A Book On The Essential Values Of Living In This Fast Paced Corporate Era	Bhowmik		CORPORitual indicates a way of living that creates a harmonious balance between the fast-paced corporate life and our serene spiritual life. According to Raj Bhowmik this is the only formula for peace and tranquility in today s fast-paced life. In this book Raj creates a magical ambience to discuss the most important CORPORitual values essential for a higher living. A CORPORitual life will help you to afford and enjoy all the comforts and luxuries of life and, at the same time, a serene and divine energy inside you will fill you to your hearts content, enabling you to make better choices in your daily living. The best thing about accepting and following the values is that it will not only help you experience life transforming changes within yourself to give you the winner s position and success that you are looking for, but will also help you to make a huge difference to the society as a whole, and also to everyone s life who are around you. This book is for players who play to	2008	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9781403928535	Best Practices In Personal Marketing For Professionals	Allan Boress&Michael G Cummings		New business is the life-blood of every professional services firm. Some fi rms today are going out of business, being forced into mergers, surrendering superb talent, losing valued clients, being bought out or slowly disintegrating before everyone s eyes because not enough new clients and profi table new work are coming in to sustain the firm and pay off the partners who want to retire. The purpose of this book, The Best Practices in Personal Marketing for Professionals, is to take you through a course of learning. We will share with you the best practices we ve seen as the top business development consultants, advisors and trainers in the professional services arena.We have worked with both industry leading fi rms in accounting, banking, consulting, engineering, law, technology solutions, and a variety of advisory and fi nancial services providers as well as smaller, specialty fi rms that deliver business and personal services. Whichever business you are in, my goal is to provide you with a proven, methodical way to build your practice and make it more profi table and enjoyable for you.	2005-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230635210	Asian Business Customs & Manners	Bosrock		Put Your Best Foot Forward When Doing Business In Asia Finally, here is a guide that covers all the dos and don ts of business etiquette in Asia. Organized country by country, this comprehensive guide contains information on every situation you ll encounter, including business practices and attitudes, meetings, negotiations, meals, punctuality, language, gestures, tipping, manners, gifts, and everything in between, It contains all the information you need to present yourself well and get the job done&whatever it might be.	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230635203	European Business Customes & Manners : A Country-By-Country Guide	Bosrock			2008-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230637030	10 Steps To Sales Success	Breithaupt		Based on sales expert Tim Breithaupt s highly successful Sequential Model of Selling, Ten Steps to Sales Success provides a treasure-trove of practical tools and techniques that will enable you to easily navigate the entire selling process from A to Z. Using a lively blend of sales logic, simplicity, and humor, this inspiring book helps you build the confidence to propel your success. The book features numerous how-to examples, and gives you a proven blueprint that will enable you to: " Double your close ratio " Increase sales by 30% " Build long-term relationships " Understand what inspires customers to buy Ten Steps to Sales Success offers real-world wisdom for closing more sales faster, allowing you to have more time for yourself each day while significantly increasing your income. Packed with simple tips for handling challenging sales situations, the system gives you all the guidelines you need to get you confidently through every call. Valuable for both sales novices	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230636255	Quick Solutions To Common Errors In English 3Rd/Ed.	Angela Burt		Quick Solutions to Common Errors in English is a reference book which has been written for the student and the general reader. It aims to tackle the basic questions about spelling, punctuation, grammar and word usage that the student and the general reader are likely to ask. Throughout the book there are clear explanations and exemplar sentences where they are needed. When it s helpful to draw attention to spelling rules and patterns, these are given so that the reader is further empowered to deal with hundreds of related words. The aim always has been to make the reader more confident and increasingly self-reliant. This is a fast-track reference book. It is not a dictionary although, like a dictionary, it is arranged alphabetically. It concentrates on problem areas; it anticipates difficulties; it invites cross-references. By exploring punctuation, for example, and paragraphing, it goes far beyond a dictionary s terms of reference. It is not intended to replace a dictionary; it rath	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230328761	English For The World Ielts Writing And Speaking Modules	Shreesh Chaudhary		This book is specially designed for accountants, business managers, computer professionals, doctors, engineers and all other skilled workers going to work in the UK, Australia, New Zealand. It will also prove to be useful for anyone interested in acquiring global standards in spoken and written English, such as those who work in the IT and BPO industries. The book, thus, meets the needs of a large sector of users of English in and outside educational institutions. The book has been written by an IELTS examiner with years of experience in examining, and years of training and monitoring other examiners. It identifies the needs of examinees and meets those needs. The book has background information for grammar and is illustrated with examples. Each section has exercises with answers so that the prospective examinees can teach themselves and check their progress. The book also clearly explains the rationale behind every band for every feature of the descriptors of IELTS so that the exami	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403929655	The American Dream From An Indian Heart	Krish Dhanam		Much has been written about the psychology of achievement and still more about the need to motivate oneself. It has also been believed that in the world today success or failure can be determined the effort we put out and the results we want. The opinions and suggestions outlined in this book are meant to give a survivalist instinct to anyone who wants to achieve excitement, success, enthusiasm, and a powerful work ethic. This book is designed to encourage you to take the canvas of hope and the brush of a glorious vision and paint your own portrait of excellence. Read this book to be inspired in your heart & to be motivated in your soul & and to be determined to accomplish your dreams! Nido R. Qubein Chairman, Great Harvest Bread Company Founder, National Speakers Association Foundation There s a lot to learn from Krish Dhanam in his book The American Dream from an Indian Heart. The lesson that appeals to me most is to develop and maintain a vast appreciation for what you have, both in potential opportunities and reality. Krish helps us realize how truly blessed we are to live in America. Tom Hopkins Author of How to Master the Art of Selling	2006-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230634909	The 25 Best Time Management Tools And Techniques How To Get More Done Without Driving Yourself Crazy	Carol Frank&Dodd		All the advice you'll ever need to stay organised and in action! If you don't have time to read lengthy books on time management, this is the book for you. The authors have compressed the best time management tips into an action packed, easy-to-red guide. Now you can get all the good stuff in a fraction of the time! Read the book from start to finish or zero in on specific areas for improvement. Tweak your current system or design something totally new. There's something here to help everyone succeed. You'll learn: " Where your time really goes (not where you think it goes) " 5 easy ways to get out from under all your stuff " How to immediately build strong self-discipline " Why procrastination isn't always bad " The 10 biggest time wasters and what to do about them If you're ready to create better results in your life, grab a copy and get started.	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230630024	Sales Gurus Speak Out Fifteen Top Sales Experts Share Their Insights On Sales Success	Alfano		Sales is an ancient profession, yet one that is constantly changing and evolving. Approaches to excellence in sales need to shift and evolve, as well. Buyers today are savvy and have almost limitless options for buying the products and service they demand. Sales professionals need much more than drive and determination to rise above the crowd. In the book one will find 15 of the top sales trainers, coaches and consultants experts chosen by the editors to provide essential information in a streamlined, easy-to-use format.	2007	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403924452	The ethical hacking guide to corporate security	Ankit Fadia		The Internet with its widening global dimensions has exposed the corporate world to the grave threat of espionage and cyber crimes; however, the organizations are invariably oblivious to these threats. The Ethical Hacking Guide to Corporate Security dismisses this incompetent approach. The book has addressed some of the horrific cyber crime cases to hit the corporate world, across 17 different countries in 5 continents. Direct correlation has been drawn between computer security and business profitability through an appropriate mix of technical explanation and business implication. This is a thoroughly researched book that provides easy-to-understand analyses of some of the most dangerous security threats and measures to safeguard networks.	2004	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403930880	Network Security 2/Ed.	Ankit Fadia		Network Security: A Hacker s Perspective (2/e) will help you gain entry into the minds of seasoned computer criminals, so that you can forestall their attempts and pre-empt all harmful attacks. You will become a true hacker profiler, well equipped to detect the ways in which these attackers can infiltrate your system, including stealing your identity by obtaining your IP address; gathering information through port scanning, fingerprinting and sniffing; and attacking password files. Both network administrators and ordinary users will find the book useful to learn the right countermeasures to protect sensitive and confidential information, and also to counter some of the most common hacker attacks.	2006	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333936795	Unofficial guide to ethical hacking	Ankit Fadia		Guidebook for aid to hacking softwares in computers.	2001	Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780230328471	Free Yourself From Anxiety A Self-Help Guide To Overcoming Anxiety Disorders	Emma Fletcher			2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230633858	Your Child'S Emotional Needs What They Are And How To Meet Them	Flory		For today s parents there is no shortage of advice about how to deal with their child s difficult behaviour. But children s emotional needs are rarely discussed. Even though parents know that emotions matter, most would struggle to name their child s key emotional needs. In this groundbreaking book, Dr Vicky Flory explores the emotional needs of children from birth to age 12, explaining what all children need in terms of a secure attachment to a parent, as well as detailing the specific needs at particular stages in a child s development. She also discusses common emotional disorders and difficulties such as depression and anxiety. Drawing extensively on the latest research, Dr Flory shows how children who have a secure parental attachment are far better equipped to enjoy healthy, connected relationships throughout their life than children who do not. Her message is profound and simple: once you understand and meet children s emotional needs, you can help set them up for a happy life	2007	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230638822	The Gentle Art Of Getting Your Own Way	Forsyth		Communication seems so easy that we don t consider it enough. It is not as easy as we believe and misunderstanding can be all too common can t it? When you need to deliver a message and obtain an agreement, things can become downright difficult!This book is designed to help you gain agreements. Clearly and simply, it presents powerful methods and techniques to overcome barriers and gain acceptance.This is a thoroughly practical approach based on human nature that will introduce you to:" How people make decisions and how to use this knowledge for your own purpose." Well-used persuasion techniques and the key areas of focus that will make an agreement most likely." The techniques that help present the strongest case get it considered, accepted and agreed.Whoever you are, this book creates a framework for success and winning agreement more often.	2009-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230639997	Daydreams At Work Wake Up Your Creative Powers	Fries		Find solutions, energy, motivation, and the next big idea all through the creative power of daydreaming your most VISIONARY state of mind. Daydreams at work reveals& - How daydreams help us juggle multiple goals, plan and envision future actions, gain self-knowledge, and more. - Why Google and 3M give employees time and space to daydream, creating new models of innovation and idea-generation. - How entrepreneurs, artists, writers, scientists, athletes, and others have used daydreams as the springboard to launch business, create art, invent products, and blaze new paths. - Where your daydreams are leading you through questionnaires, exercises, and discussions guides.	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230636798	Common Sense Leadership	Fulton		Leadership is not a mysterious phenomenon. It is a combination of skills and observable behaviors that can be learned. Common Sense Leadership is a practical manual designed to teach qualities and concerns of a good leader to anyone new to or experienced in a leadership position.Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. HENRY FORDEmotional maturity is exhibited by leaders who are neither crushed by defeat nor overly elated by victory. Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought. HENRI-LOUIS BERGSONLeaders develop new and innovative solutions to problems. No problem is too great.No solution is impossible to find.Thinking creatively is the leader s stock in trade. Inthinking creatively, a true leader dares to be bold.There is one thing stronger than all the armies in the world, and that is an idea whose time has come. VICTOR HUGOWhen handed a lemon, make lemonade.The leader follows this advice and looks for any opportunity to combat, and thrive against, adversity. Every cloud has a silver lining. True leaders look for that silver lining at every opportunity of adversity. Since the house is on fire, let us warm ourselves. ITALIAN PROVERB	2008-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230636279	Starting & Running A Catering Business 2/Ed.	Carol Godsmark		This book is for the complete beginner caterer, cooks and non-cooks and more experienced caterers looking to trade up or expand their business. Catering is becoming one of the fastest-growing businesses in the booming food industry. More corporate companies are realising the importance of offering good food and service to guests and employees. Catering for those who entertain at home is a lucrative market too thanks to the more disposable income of individuals who can afford a caterer for their events. You can share in this growth market, be it in the sandwich business, weddings or marquee events. And you can operate from dedicated premises, or cater from your own home. This clear, comprehensive, idea-packed book covers: " Different types of catering businesses to consider " Working from home or dedicated premises " Your equipment and food supplies " Getting to grips with finance and marketing " How to approach and keep prospective clients " Pricing your service " Creating	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230635715	A Grammar Book For You And I&Oops, Me All The Grammar You Need To Succees In Life	Good		CORRECT ENGLISH USAGE AS IT HAS NEVER BEEN TOUGHT BEFORE: LUCIDLY, MEMORABLY, AND HUMOROUSLY. This inviting book introduces readers anew to the eight parts of speech and common grammatical problems (such as the case of pronouns depicted in the title), the tension between nouns and verbs, the controversy of the active versus passive voice, and the power of a verb-based style.	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230633841	Understanding The Woman In Your Life A Man'S Guide To A Happy Relationship	Gunnther		This is a book for any man who is struggling to understand the woman in his life ... some of the time, most of the time or all of the time. An entertaining, no-nonsense guide, it is full of relationship-saving advice, delivered with warmth, as well as the occasional wake-up punch. When it comes to daily life with a partner, this book will give many men that Aha! moment. Written by Steve Vinay Gunther, a psychotherapist and leading Australian Gestalt practitioner, Understanding the Woman in Your Life strides fearlessly into that dreaded arena the relationship . With engaging humour and an experienced eye, he dissects spookily familiar encounters from everyday life (in the bedroom, the kitchen, the lounge room, then back again to the bedroom) to help men succeed in the challenging engagement of life with their partner. This book helps men understand how to live with this perplexing other species and delivers life-changing skills in a memorable way.	2007	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403926463	Seven Steps To Financial Freedom A Family'S Guide To Managing Money	Monika Halan		This is a book on financial planning in India and would be useful for individuals, mutual fund agents, insurance agents, wealth managers in banks and students of financial planning. This book charts out the seven steps of financial planning process and provides a user s guide to managing money for an individual. It has interactive worksheets that allow a person to work-out long term goals, understand his own risk profile and then quantify the goals, as well as workout the target savings and products to choose to attain the goals.	2005	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230637443	Ambedkar & The Making Of The Indian Constitution A Tribute To Babasaheb B. R. Ambedkar	Hande		Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar, 1892-1956, Indian statesman and social reformer.	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230634978	The Happiness Trap Stop Struggling, Start Living	Harris		What if almost everything you believed about findings happiness turned out to be inaccurate, misleading, or false? And what if those very beliefs were making you miserable? What if your efforts to find happiness were actually preventing it? And what if almost everyone you knew turned out to be in the same boat including all those psychologists, psychiatrists and self-help gurus who claim to have all the answers? In the western world, millions of people are unwittingly caught in the Happiness Trap but now the means to escape is in your hands! Based on a revolutionary new development in human psychology, this book will show you groundbreaking ways to: " handle painful feelings far more effectively " escape the grip of self-defeating habits " rise above your fears, doubts and insecurities " find more fulfillment in your work " build more satisfying relationships and, above all, " create a rich, full and meaningful life. So prepare yourself for a radically different perspecti	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230638419	Changing The Rules Fitness In 'One Hour Per Week'	Herridge		Changing the Rules is a must-read it brings out a fantastic approach towards fitness and health... shows the way to lead a healthy and happy lifestyle. Vijender Singh, Olympics Bronze Medallist, 2008 What I like about this book is that it shows exercising as an emotional or psychological process... how Less is More, both in terms of exercise and diet . Mahima Choudhury, Bollywood Actor Obesity today has become a wide-spread epidemic and people around the globe are looking for better and more effective ways to battle this health crisis. Unlike numerous other programmes that involve long exercise sessions to combat obesity, Changing the Rules introduces concepts that allow you to achieve fitness, strength and flexibility in a one-hour-per-week plan. This book contains examples and information relevant to the Indian health scenario it talks about the Glycaemic index of staple Indian foods, and helps in understanding the 'what' a	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403926708	A To Z Of Bones Muscles And Joint Diseases A Practical Guide To Become A Well Informed Patient	Dr Geeta Sundar		The book is a wonderful treatise on all the common problems of bones and muscles such as fractures, osteoporosis, spondiliytis, backache, arthritis, sprains, etc. It provides the reader with a thorough understanding of the concepts along with easy to implement preventive measures including physical exercise. Simple and safe home remedies have also been succinctly presented.	2005	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9781403929440	A To Z Of Back And Neck Pain A Practical Guide To Become A Well Informed Patient	Ashok Birbal Jain&Aruna Birbal Jain		The occurrence of back pain is common&as common as the common cold. Almost every person has some advice to offer. Seldom is this advice helpful, instead such advice can often be harmful or even damaging. A to Z of Back & Neck Pain covers almost all the practical aspects of back and neck pain and explores its causes and management. Whether you are suffering from pain now or have suffered it in the past, or have a tendency towards developing it in future and want to prevent its occurrence this is a book to help you understand and make friends with your back & neck aches and pains. The book also covers topics related directly or indirectly to the condition including role of stress in back pain, back pain in sports person and back pain in pregnancy. With the help of easy to follow tips and simple back & neck strengthening exercises, the book not only helps alleviate the pain, but also saves us from expensive investigations, drugs as well as chances of surgical intervention. It has	2005	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403923622	A To Z Of Diabetes Care A Practical Guide To Become A Well Informed Patient	Dr Ashok Birbal Jain&Dr Aruna Birbal Jain		This book explains in very simple language what is Diabetes? How is it caused and the treatment options available. It informs the reader about the lifestyle changes required to contain the disease. It also throws light on relevant advanced information, since a well-informed patient takes better responsibility of his or her health and is more likely to follow the prescribed medical management plan. This book primarily emphasises on elucidating the various aspects of diabetes.	2004	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230328433	There Is A Winner In You	Jain Dharmesh S.		There is a Winner in You is a compilation of quotes from one of the greatest motivators and businessmen of our time. This is book is for anybody who wants the motivation and inspiration to achieve the dreams that they have. The dreams could be anything from wanting to be a better parent to being a more successful businessperson or even becoming a better student. This book is an honest attempt to make you realise your own potential, to make you explore your inner strengths, to instill in you an ambition to be the best. There is a winner in you this book is an attempt to help you awaken that winner.	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403924018	27 Brand Practices : Twenty Seven Action Packed Strategies For Building Winning Brands	Jagdeep Kapoor		A refreshing book with 27 action packed strategies to build winning brands. Each brand practice is clearly explained in a sequential and implementable manner which not only is useful for management students but can be effectively executed by corporate executives, entre-preneurs and industrialists.	2004-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403923806	Heart (Mind) Over Matter A New Mantra For Success	Virender Kapoor		This book is about success. The coverage is a fine blend of motivation, attitudes, satisfaction, caring, relationships and emotions, which ultimately lead to success and victory. It is downright practical, can be related to your day-to-day life and put to use right away. The exclusive and unique treatment of emotions and basic human instincts in this book would urge you to work on your strengths and reach that critical mass of good habits that are so crucial for success. More importantly, it would encourage you to identify your weaknesses and work on them.	2004	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780230327917	Being The Strong Man A Woman Wants Timeless Wisdom On Being A Man	Elliot Katz			2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403927576	Freedom Is Not Free Every Generation Needs To Earn Its Own Freedom 2/Ed.	Shiv Khera		This book is a wake-up call for those whose conscience has gone to sleep, but is not yet dead. It is a call to action for those whose hearts beat and weep for India. It invokes the participation of ordinary citizens so that they take up cudgels for the nation a challenge that will put us on the path to prosperity. The author encourages every Indian to take the initiative in bringing glory to India. The book is a result of the author's anguish and a refusal to tolerate injustice, corruption and operession any further. He calls upon the common man to stand up and fight for principles, so that all Indians can be led to dignity and prosperity.	2005	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780333937402	You Can Win	Shiv Khera		An easy to read, practical, common-sense approach that will take you from ancient wisdom to contemporary thinking, You Can Win helps you dispel confusion in daily life and clarify values. The book helps you evaluate if you are going through life out of inspiration (playing to win) or desperation (playing not to lose). It translates positive thinking into attitude, ambition and action that brings in the winning edge.	2000	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333933015	Kalki R. Krishnamurthy's Ponniyin Selvan: The killer sword	Kalki&C. V. Karthik Narayanan&Mini Krishnan&A. V. Ilango			1999	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230328310	The First Week With My New Pc A Very Basic Guide For Mature Adults And Everyone Who Wants To Get Connected	Pamela R Lessing		This book was specifically written for the author s 85-year-old mother who is now a PC master. But it was also field-tested by adults of all ages. Within one month everyone was an expert sending and receiving e-mail, using the Internet (for checking the weather, following the stock market, and looking up topics such as gastrointestinal ), writing and organizing correspon-dence, playing music and games, and enjoying the wonderful new world of the Web. Once you ve mastered these few pages, you too will be entitled to post with pride the Golden Mouse Award (on page 200). And you ll be connected without fuss and frustration just simple step-by-step instructions, no jargon, no complications.	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403924919	The Ultimate Indian Diet Book	Dr. Renu Mahtani		This book covers the basis of life our food and dietary habits, though we are much more conscious of our health today, our lifestyle promotes poor health, chronic diseases and weight gain. It harmonises modern dietetics with naturopathy principles of food and eating, keeping the Indian tastebuds in mind. The approach is simple yet scientific with user-friendly tips which are practical and answer many of the diet related queries.	2004-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230327887	Compact English Prosody And Figures Of S	Nilanko Mallik		Compact English Prosody and Figures of Speech is meant for undergraduate students of English of the various universities that have rhetoric and prosody as a part of their course. It caters to the need of the students by showing them how to write the answers of scansion and figures of speech, something that is exclusive to this book. There are also many solved passages for this purpose. The comprehensible language and plenty of examples make the book a pleasurable read. After a careful study of the text, students would be in a position to solve similar passages on their own. The book would also be useful for students who wish to appear in various competitive exams for the post of teachers and lecturers and also for general readers as well, and anybody who is interested in the subject.	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230635029	The Awakened Leader One Simple Leadership Style That Works Every Time, Everywhwere	Marques		The Awakened Leader will help you develop the meta-leadership style that works under all circumstances, with all types of followers. Do away with those environment-specific leadership scenarios of the past 50 years; learn how to apply leadership principles that have worked for more than 2500 years and are still effective today - always, everywhere, for everybody. Whether you lead a prestigious multinational organisation or your own humble life, you can enjoy greater success when you awaken and elevate your leadership with flexibility and emotional intelligence. You can become the Awakened Leader.	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230635036	Spirituality In The Workplace What It Is; Why It Matters; How To Make It Work For You	Marques		Spirituality in the Workplace provides answers for enhancing the quality of your work life and the profitability of all stakeholders. Based on years of research and brainstorming with wide range of workers at all levels, this book provides the tools to make your work experience a gratifying one. A common misconception equates workplace spirituality with religion in the workplace; this sets the recrd straight, providing a practical definition of spirit at work and explaining its benefits for employees, managers, the organisation, the societies in which the organisation operates, and the world at large. Whether you are a leader, a manager, or an employess who cares about people and the place you surround yourself with, you'll find the broad focus presented here useful for improving your work and your life.	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403930170	Brand Management Text & Cases	U C Mathur		Today, brand has been accepted globally as an undisputed and dynamic major asset by the corporate world. Therefore, building brands, their specific identities, and values have assumed strategic importance for companies to survive in the severe and chaotic market environment of the twenty-first century. The need to design brands through research and analysis, and to create a strong brand equity have forced companies to give due importance to brand management. For these reasons brand management has become an important subject to study at the Master of Business Management level. The case studies of several established Indian brands included in this book take the students through the virtual corporate world so as to experience the creation, plans and implementation of the process of increasing brand equity as also through the process of creating companies brand asset. To make the learning process more interesting, the author has included a brand management game too! Some of the salien	2006	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230634855	Kissing The Frog The Magic That Makes You Money	Middleton Brothers		· Are you looking for a sensible and practical approach to planning investments? · Do you want a clear understanding about how investment markets work and how to apply these principles to grow and maintain wealth? · Are you ready for new investment concepts and ideas that will make you a successful investor? Ever wanted the lowdown on how to successfully invest your hard-earned cash? Kissing the Frog shows you all the tricks and tips for profitable investment using fairy tales and nursery rhymes. The Butcher, the Baker and the Candlestick Maker are perfect mentors for identifying profitable business and buying shares as investments, while Old King Cole is the perfect tale to simplify the benefits of direct investment versus mutual funds, and the Three Little Pigs know all there is to know about building up a property investment portfolio. Investing is made easy with a little fairytale magic.	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230635012	The Secret Of The Slight Edge How To Get Out Of Your Own Way	Moaward		What is the small difference that makes all the difference? What is the difference between high achievers and low achievers? What are the fudamentals that guarantee a happy and fulfilling life? What is the number one asset inside any organisation that determines its success? Many people have posed these questions and others like them for years. Finally, after helping millions of people unleash their power and the potential of everyone around them Bob Moaward has teamed up with friend and author TJ Hoisington to share the answers in this book. The Secret of the Slight Edge offers powerful principles and inspirational stories to help people overcome obstacles in their lives and attain theor goals. Illustrated with though-provoking examples and excercises, you will discover that you have unbelieveable potential. You will learn that your thoughts play a central role in what you achieve and that having the 'right' attitude is everything. you will also discover what drives mot	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230328747	Macmillan's General Knowledge Manual 2010	Muktikanta Mohanty		Point-wise, Crisp Coverage of GK for Quick Revision Simple and Lucid Language Includes Diagrams, Illustrations and Maps New Section on Environmental Science Frequently asked Questions put at the End of Each Page A concise, updated reference book for various competitive examinations Macmillan s General Knowledge Manual 2010 is an attempt towards the fulfillment of knowledge awareness covered in various competitive examinations. The objective of this book is to provide the vast subject in a structured and concise manner to familiarize candidates taking the examinations with ease and score well. All the chapters are structured into sections and sub-sections and important questions are put in every page to acquaint the students with the question pattern of competitive examinations. The following areas have been covered by us: History " World History " History of India Geography "World Geography "Geography of India Polity "Indian Polity "International Organisations	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230636262	Starting & Running A Successful Consultancy How To Build And Market Your Own Consulting Business 3Rd/Ed.	Susan Nash		Consulting has become an increasingly viable and growing working option for many individuals. This book is designed to help those new to consulting to carve out a successful career, and to aid those already in the arena to grow their business. Laid out in a workbook format, this book contains a wide variety of exercises, specifically geared towards making your consultancy a growing and profitable enterprise. Reading this book will help you to: " Gain a clear understanding of the consulting process and its requirements " Define and establish a clear strategic direction for your business " Understand how to raise finances and maintain financial control " Create and implement an effective marketing strategy " Balance ongoing business with attracting new clients&and become a successful consultant.	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230635692	Savvy Networking 118 Fast & Effective Tips For Business Success	Nierenberg		This book is indeed a gift to all who want to turn new contacts and prospective customers into warm relationships and lifelong customers-to grow, build, and keep your business. In Savvy Networking, Andrea breaks all the universal rules down into 118 quick tips for effective networking-for all types of business from manufacturing to financial services, from technology companies to retailers. Her tips highlight the types of people who can be helpful to you professionally, offer easy-to-follow steps for transforming your business connections, approaching a room full of strangers comfortably, improving your communications skills, discovering the types of people you need in your network (and that may already be a part of your circle of contacts), keeping track of your contacts. Learn networking techniques that capitalize on your natural abilities with special chapters on networking etiquette and leadership. In her frank, friendly style, Andrea s new book is a daily reminder of why network	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333934364	Shine Italia 3 Prac Split	Judy Garton-Sprenger			2000-07-01	Macmillan Heinemann ELT						ZZZ000000
9780230636415	Insurance For Everyone	Kshitij Patukale		Insurance for Everyone is a comprehensive book on Insurance that entails detailed information on all types of insurance, i.e. life, non-life and health insurance. The uniqueness of this book lies in its ability to communicate to the common man, thereby helping him to buy any type of insurance. The tricks to buy maximum insurance protection with minimum premium and how to get insurance claims are two important features of the book. Its USP is the wide range of people it can easily reach policyholders, corporate agents, brokers, chartered accountants, lawyers, students pursuing B.Com, BBA, PGD programmes in Insurance and Banking, etc.	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333935453	Know It Better	Giri Pickbrain' Balasubramaniam		It is the first comprehensive quiz book on IT in India. It covers the entire gamut of IT, its various aspects, its history and applications. This book will enhance the awareness levels of people in the field of IT.	2001	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230327863	India and global nuclear disarmament	V. R. Raghavan			2009	Delhi Policy Group						ZZZ000000
9780230637290	Marketing Management : Global Perspective Indian Context	Ramaswamy		FONT COLOR= FF0000 Winner of the First Prize of the FIP Awards for Excellence in Book Production 2009/FONT COLOR A Transformational Text on Marketing. . . Presents Marketing in an Altogether New Perspective Today, Marketing needs a transformation. A new perspective has become inescapable in understanding and practising Marketing. For this to happen, first, a corresponding correction has to happen in the class rooms in the teaching of the subject. Some new learning and a lot of unlearning is imperative. This 4th edition of this best selling title addresses and answers this need. " Perspective, Centred on Value Enables the students learn marketing with a new orientation: Value Delivery is the crux of marketing; and marketing is to be defined and treated as a Value Delivering Process. Only a perspective centred on value can provide the needed practical direction for approaching and practising marketing the right way. " Curriculum Driven as well as	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403909886	Future of human resources development	T. Venkateswara Rao		The book identifies the challenges faced by HRD today in the wake of rapid globalisation and offers a critical evaluation of HRD in India. It highlights the importance of ethics and transparency in business.	2003	Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780230634954	Parenting With Purpose Five Keys To Raising Children With Values And Vision - A Complete Guide For Parents, Grandparents And Caregivers	Reasoner		Parenting with Purpose offers an exciting way for you to make certain your child grows up to be one you can be proud of-responsible, caring, respectful, highly motivated, happy, and successful. The ideas, strategies, and suggestions included have been found to make a significant difference in the emotional, social, and intellectual growth of children and the behaviors and attitudes they display. They have been selected based upon 40 years of research and experience. You will find these suggestions helpful in developing those personal qualities you really want to see developed. In addition, the 50 simple activities included will enable you to build a close, positive relationship with your child.	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403929488	Super Sudoku	James E Riley			2005-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403929495	Super Easy Sudoku	James E Riley			2005-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230635180	Aura Reading (2 Edition) : Through All Your Senses	Rosetree			2008-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230635197	The Power Of Face Reading 2/Ed.	Rose Roseetree		Open your heart with Rose Rosetree s amazing system of Face Reading Secrets. Her update of the 3,000-year-old art of physiognomy can help you to be a better communicator, be more persuasive and make more friends. And did we mention have more fun? Let Rosetree take you on a wild and joyous ride around face parts you may never have seen before, like ear position and nostril shape. Beneath the surface you ll find a depth of understanding about people and the meaning of faces that doesn t exist elsewhere in the literature. Narayan Singh Khalsa, Ph.D., author, What s in a Face? · Over 100 illustrations help you develop this new way of seeing. · Lively Q&A dialogues bring out practical ways to use what you learn. · Learn about the greatest talents that show in your own face. · Enjoy Rosetree s comments about over 500 celebrities, from Oprah to Einstein. · Sex shows in unexpected parts of the face. A special chapter reveals all. · Insights tested with thousands of clients and	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230636804	Read People Deeper	Rosetree		For more success at work, more happiness in your social life, read people deeper. You can learn who just pretends to be a good listener, who is likely to hurt your feelings or cheat on you, who has a drinking problem. Sure he s smiling now, but could he turn violent? Is she a secret control freak? Does he spend money like crazy? People aren t always what they seem. This book makes it easy to probe more, worry less. Work relationships, neighbors, even friends you make online-with this book, you can read them all.BODY LANGUAGEHere is the most complete information you ve ever seen. Find tips and tricks for every occasion, bonus boxes for uncanny people smarts, even games that help you to raise your social IQ. Choose from 50 ways to read your new date or old flame, that important client at work, your favorite classmate at school&even, yourself.Plus FACE READINGSupplement body language research with the 5,000-year-old art of reading faces for character. It s easy. And if you use face reading to prevent mistakes now, you won t have to read body language about problems later.Plus AURASRead the human energy field to spot liars. Learn from great lovers. Figure out which charming people are secretly dangerous, and much, much more. Rose Rosetree s amazing techniques to read auras have been taught on three continents. This book shows how to read auras in person and also from photographs.BODY LANGUAGE + FACE READING + AURAS = DEEPER PERCEPTIONOther books teach you just one approach. Not only is this the first book to combine all three methods, but you ll be learning the very latest techniques. Read the secrets that matter&for friendship, family, work and romance. Let this lighthearted but practical book empower you.	2008-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230328327	Hitting Your Stride Your Work, Your Way	Nan S Russell		Hitting Your Stride shows you how to bring the best of who you are your authentic self to the workplace.  Nan winning at working lessons, reflective exercises, and stories ranging from the wilds of Montana to the boardrooms of corporate America will inspire you to:  Create your own luck Develop your own special talents and uniqueness Achieve a job you feel passionate about Seek balance and flexibility in your work and life avoid mistakes and overcome disappointment Earn financial rewards and invest in your future  Hitting Your Stride will help you find career success and satisfaction by inspiring you to define and follow your own path and your own style YOUR WORK, YOUR WAY.  Some people talk about what they want to achieve but remain wishing and hoping. Others, like Nan Russell, quietly do it, achieving their lifes dreams one step at a time. Nan will inspire you to realize your dreams, too. Doug Briggs, former QVC President/CEO	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230636064	India And China : Comparing The Incomparable	Saraf		India and China are often described as Asia s unidentical twins . They are two unique countries with different histories and contrasting models of development. The usual comparison between these two countries takes into account only a few selected economic parameters and is biased in favour of China. This book aims to provide a comprehensive picture of the Indian and Chinese economies and demystify various myths surrounding them. There are voluminous reports and books available on each of the topics that are covered in this book, but they are generally restricted to researchers, academicians and scholars. On the other hand, there are thousands of articles comparing India and China, which give a glimpse of the two countries but leave a reader wanting more. India and China: Comparing The Incomparable aims to strike a balance and provide a more complete picture by comparing India and China across a wide range of economic and developmental parameters.India and China: Comparing the Incomparable analyses the advantages and disadvantages of different models of growth adopted by India and China. The book:" Presents a comprehensive comparison of China and India on a variety of dimensions using the most recent data " Captures the debates around the sustainability of the development models of the two countries" Provides a broad perspective on the ongoing economic reform processes in the two countries" Rectifies the superficial analysis that is often carried out to compare the two economies " Addresses issues of common interest such as, Why are Chinese exports cheap and will they always remain cheap? , Is the Chinese currency undervalued? , Can India overtake China? , etc" Does not involve heavy jargon or complicated modes, which makes it accessible to a large readership	2008	Macmillan India Ltd.						BUS069020
9780230638785	What To Do When You Become The Boss How New Managers Become Successful Managers	Selden		Make a success of your career as a manager. This is your complete How to for managing your boss. Your people, yourself. You will refer to this book again and again as you progress through your career. You will discover how to: " Become an effective leader, recognized throughout the organization " Distribute your time appropriately between the three essential managerial role elements of leading, managing and operating " Manage your boss one of the most important of your work relationships " Select your new boss if you happen to be changing roles or organizations " Manage the performance of your team including setting and maintaining standards, coaching, motivating and appraising performance " Select the best person for the job with a process that is 4 times more effective than traditional selection processes " Delegate, make more effective decisions, run motivating team meetings there are even chapters on how to manage your emails and How to build your image	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403925107	Gods of power,personality cult & Indian democracy	Kalyani Shankar		This book attempts to explain the paradox of how authoritarian leaders co-exist in a democracy, get elected and ousted for various reasons. The India of 1980s and 1990s witnessed the emergence of most of these nine leaders who have gone on to consolidate their positions in the political arena. Since most of them are regional satraps, people in other regions do not know much about them. This book is perhaps a first attempt to portray these leaders from all over India in one book so that readers get a flavour of other regional leaders. They have also learnt to co-exist in a coalition era. In this updated edition a new chapter The Casino of Politics: The Ups and Downs of 2004 Elections has been added to the book explaining the performance of these political leaders in the 2004 elections, which proved to be landmark for some of them.	2005-01-01	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780230328686	Nixon, Indira And India - Politics And Beyond	Kalyani Shankar		About the Book : - This book provides a fascinating insight into the Nixon era and India. It will serve as a good material for researchers. The secret documents (now declassified) appended at the end of each chapter reveal several hitherto unknown facts about the Indo-American relationship during the Nixon era. Nixon's political maneouverings to achieve his goals in China at the expense of India are evident. His partnership with Dr. Kissinger in sharing political power is apparent in his conversations with his aides. There are four important chapters in this book. The secret documents pertaining to the diplomatic visit of Nixon to India in 1969 and Indira Gandhi's visit to Washington in 1971 provide a deep understanding of the American strategy and the personalities of both the leaders. The top-secret documents reveal for the first time important facts about the Sino-Indian War of the 1962 and the Indo-Pak War of the 1971. The conversation between Nixon and the Chinese leaders Mao and Chou En Lai provides an insight into the Sino-Indian relations. These documents also reveal the normalisation process between the US and China. The now declassified secret papers disclose new facts about the events leading up to the Indo-Pak War and the birth of Bangladesh. They also show Nixon's tilt towards Pakistan and his reluctance to contain Pakistan, as that would mean sabotaging his China venture. Indira Gandhi comes through as a consummate politician while Pakistan President Yahya Khan appears weak and is viewed even by the Chinese as a General who bungled. Indira Gandhi's boldness comes through in the chapter pertaining to Pokhran I nuclear tests. Her courage and vision are evident when she ordered the tests and also, how she faced a hostile international reaction. The nuclear story is fascinating from all angles. Overall, the book gives a glimpse of the downward trend of the Indo-US ties during the Nixon era. About the Author : - Kalyani Shankar is a Delhi-based Indian journalist, well-known in the fields of print, broadcast and electronic media. She began her career with The Indian Express, followed by a long stint at the United News of India. During her career, spanning over more than three decades, she was posted in Washington as a correspondent of The Hindustan Times. She was later the Political Editor of The Hindustan Times. She was a Nuffield Press Fellow at Wolfson College, Cambridge University. She was the Vice President of the Forum of Financial Writers and Vice President of the Press Association of India. She was also founder member and Vice President of the Indian Women Press Corps. Presently, she is a member of the Governing Body of the Indian Institute of Mass Communication and a member of the Library Committee of the India International Centre. Currently, she is a syndicated columnist writing for English and Hindi newspapers. She has a weekly political programme on All India Radio and a programme on Lok Sabha Television as well. She has also authored two other books Gods of Power and India and The United States: Politics of the Sixties.	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230633872	The Happiness Handbook Strategies For A Happy Life	Dr. Timothy Sharp&Sharp		Can it really be so easy to be happy? Absolutely, says respected psychologist and author Dr Timothy Sharp, founder of the Happiness Institute in Australia. In this engaging book, he shows that happiness is nothing more than a way of thinking and doing; and that beliefs lead to actions, which in turn lead to happiness. For over a decade Dr Sharp has been helping people be happier. His work is based on the premise that we can all achieve happiness if we are committed to being happier, believe we can be happier, think about things differently, and do things differently. Beginning with the question, What would your life be like if you were really happy? , Dr Sharp outlines a comprehensive and practical individual happiness plan. Dismissing the notion that our happiness is dependent on other people, he shows us that no-one can make us happy but ourselves. The Happiness Handbook includes numerous accounts of how Dr Sharp has helped clients. In addition, each chapter has a Happy	2007	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230329270	Watch Your Ladder... Is it Leaning Against the Right Wall?	Moid Siddiqui		Watch your Ladder is a book about the reality of life. Most of us strive for vertical growth and go on climbing the ladder, unmindful of which wall it is leaning against! We do not understand the simple saying of the Old Master Lao Tzu -- 'Going up is coming down'. We do not understand the richness of horizontal growth. This book is all about the realities of life simple truths. book happened to me, says Moid Siddiqui. Life whispered to me and I have simply given a figure of language to those whispers a holistic pattern! People search success outside; success lies within. The internal clarity provides solutions to external problems. Yet we look externally to find solutions. We go on running. Why? Because everyone is running! Today most of us are no different from Kabir's musk deer. Without knowing the right direction, we are speeding up in a mad rush chasing the shadow and stampeding others senselessly. Like the stupid musk deer we are running through the endless maze of glamour and physical lures. Most of us dry up in greed. Eventually when we climb up, we find the ladder was leaning against the wrong wall. Watch your ladder at each step, lest you regret at the fag end of your life.	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230328693	The soldiers' 2nd innings	Surjit Singh&Kanwal Dev Singh			2010	Macmillan Publishers India						ZZZ000000
9780230328860	Understanding Cryptic Crosswords	Vivek Kumar Singh		This is a book meant for an intelligent Indian, who is, generally, sharp enough to crack the most complex puzzles of the world, and seeks a re-affirmation of his brilliance and command over language through the thrill of vanquishing a crossword. A large chunk of brilliant people even when they have all the wherewithal of solving a cryptic crossword a sharp mind, a good general knowledge and a comfortable command over the English language prefer not to attempt the crossword. This book aspires to demystify the enigma of cryptic crosswords in a lucid, step by step manner, so that at the end of a year, even that reader, who has not yet embarked upon an enchanting odyssey into the crossword trail, can at the very least, contemplate doing so. This book doesn't aspire to make a master out of a layman. It just hopes to make a beginner out of a non-starter. This book, perhaps the first of its kind in the world, in terms of its concept and content, is designed to be used as a primer, a wor	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230636712	Investing in India's emerging resilience	Sivaprakasam Sivakumar		This book coherently presents the investment environment, the investment opportunity and the manner in which first generation of professional entrepreneurs are leveraging the two, to create wealth in India. Since the 1991 reforms, Indian economy has exhibited unique resilience at the macro level to sustain its growth despite periodic financial crises globally and disruptive events domestically. The cumulative effect of slow but steady economic liberalization and irreversibility of economic reforms occurred despite weak coalition governments. Productivity growth driven by gradual deregulation, rising globalization and modernizing infrastructure instil cautious optimism about the sustainability of economic growth in future. Indian companies have mastered the art of translating high economic growth into corporate profits. Liquid and functional financial markets have incredibly rewarded such performance in terms of stock market returns. While investors have seen the rise of IT services and	2009	Macmillan Publishers India						ZZZ000000
9780333935750	Song offerings	Rabindranath Tagore		In this Song Offerings to the Creator , Tagore uses modernised images from classical Indian love poetry to symbolise his yearning to merge with God. So, the mud-stained traveller, the parched summer earth, the bride awaiting the return of her lord, the first monsoon shower, the flowers, the rivers and the conch are images which gain a mystical depth in these poems. Included in this edition is W B Yeat s introduction to the first edition of Tagore s English rendering of this collection.	2000	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780230638051	Effective Yoga For Health And Happiness	B K Trehan		This book gives practical guidelines on how to keep oneself young, healthy and happy by practicing some simple yogic techniques based on postures (asana), breathing exercises (pranayama), and relaxation and meditation. These time-honoured, all-pervasive yogic prescriptions are gems that work like magic to transform our lives and help us live a holistic life. Yoga enhances the overall quality of life. This is not only applicable to individuals but to the community as a whole. Today, in this quality-conscious and productivity-based commercial world, where organisations need most from their knowledge workers, the author s mission of providing a stress-free life is a panacea. Relief from aches, pains and tensions, leads to better concentration, creativity, positive attitude, better team work, and reduced absenteeism, which is the need of the hour. Lifestyle and healthy diet are complementary to any yoga routine. This richly illustrated book gives many practical tips on how to discipline	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230635487	One hundred one secrets of effective parenting	Vidyashankar		Is Parenting Fun or Pain? Parenting is about bringing up a new generation, and the choice whether to make it a joyful process or a strenuous path lies with parents themselves. Why parenting today is the biggest challenge? Today's children are better informed because of exposure to various modes of communication and information like the Internet, chat, cell phone, SMS, play stations, high energy computer games etc. Parents today face major challenges since schools demand high levels of performance as well. Parenting is not just about bringing up your child, it is also about inspiring your child, making them passionate about life and learning, creating in them a winning mindset to make them super achievers in life. 101 Secrets of Effective Parenting is one of those books that will help parents to give the best to their child and also help strengthen the parent-child relationship. The book is a compilation of real-life strategies based on the author's first-hand experiences and l	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333938072	Industrial finance	R. Viswanathan		This book offers a comprehensive coverage of the various loan facilities fund based and non-fund based, as credit offered by banks to industries in India. This book identifies the various perils faced by banks and measures to combat them. A useful book for management accountants, trainers and students of industrial finance.	2003	Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780230636224	How To Get A Job In Television	Susan Walls		Competition for Jobs in Television is at an all time high. If you want to get a job in the industry you will need to go the right way about it. A crucial step to getting your foot on the first rung of the ladder is finding out exactly what it is that you want to do. Avoid the I want to work in television, and I ll do anything approach; show that you know what you want; demonstrate your understanding of, and enthusiasm for, the job; and stand out from the crowd. That is where this book will help. It covers: " What each job entails and which ones will suit you best " The benefits of embarking on media-related courses " How to get work experience and make the most of it " How to write a good CV and shine at interview " How to get ahead and stay ahead on the job A chapter entitled The Story of a Shoot will give you an insight into the real, day-to-day workings of a television crew. The book is backed-up by quotes from managers, personnel people and top film-makers throughout	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230639010	The Big Questions In Science And Religion	Ward		How Did the Universe Begin?" How Will the Universe End?" Is Evolution Compatible with Creation?" Do the Laws of Nature Exclude Miracles?" What Is the Nature of Space and Time?" Is It Still Possible to Speak of the Soul?" Is Science the Only Sure Path to Truth?" Can Science Provide a Wholly Naturalistic Explanation for Moral and Religious Beliefs?" Has Science Made Belief in God Obsolete?" Does Science Allow for Revelation and Divine Action?The Big Questions in Science and Religion explores these ten queries to determine whether religious beliefs can survive in the scientific age. Author Keith Ward, an expert in the field of world religions, devotes a full chapter to each question, wherein he considers concepts from Buddhism, Confucianism, Taoism, Islam, Hinduism, Judaism, and Christianity, alongside the speculations of cosmologists, physicians, mathematicians, and philosophers.Whether considering the role of religious experience as evidence of a non-physical reality or weighing the value of spiritual practice in an age of science, Ward effortlessly flows from one fascinating insight to another about the often contentious relationship between diverse religious views and new scientific knowledge. Writing with both passion and clarity, he masterfully conveys the depth, the difficulty, and the importance of the greatest intellectual and existential questions of the modern scientific age.	2009-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403910271	Smart Start For Your Baby	Penny Warner		An original baby-care guide, written by child-development expert Penny Warner that not only describes a baby s growth during the first year, but also provides numerous suggestions to help stimulate and monitor the baby s development week by week.	2003-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230633537	How To Feel Great About Yourself	Wharton		You may have had problems in the past& but I will make you feel great about yourself- that s a promise. You will have read this kind of promise before. And other books may have failed you in this pursuit. But this book is for real. It will change your life, because I really can make you feel great about yourself. This easy course in High Vibrational Thinking (HVT) is all you need to find a new you. And the simplicity of HVT makes it so accessible that you will understand it immediately and put it to work at once. I have taught children of ten years old to use HVT and even difficult teenagers give me positive feedback! Once you understand the principles of HVT you will be empowered like never before and your life will change for the better - I promise you that.	2007-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230633520	How To Have Great Relationships	Wharton		Read this book and you will develop super relationships To be more successful in life, your mind has to be re-tuned to high-vibrational thinking (HVT) Unfortunately, life tends to tune us down to attitudes working at low-vibrational levels and this is what holds us back. Here you will learn how to use high-vibrational thinking HVT to establish a loving relationship or to bring back love that has gone missing in an existing relationship. Learn to approach any relationship with HVT and you will break things down in such a simplistic way that you are empowered with an understanding that changes your life for ever. You will learn that your relationships offer a wonderful opportunity for personal growth. And how working with a partner can springboard both of you to greater self-realisation. What is High-vibrational Thinking? To be more successful in life, your mind has to be re-tuned to high-vibrational thinking. Unfortunately, life tends to tune us down to attitudes working at low-vibrational levels and this is what holds us back. You won t yet understand why this should be true, but I ask you to accept it as a matter of tested fact, so that I can teach you that it is absolutely true.	2007-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403929556	Common Indian snakes,a field guide	Romulus Whitaker		This book presents a field guide to the snakes of India. It describes various species of Indian snakes, venomous and non-venomous, and makes easy identification possible through clear photographs. It also has general facts about snakes, symptoms of and remedies for snakebite, and provides a checklist of Indian snakes.	2006	Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780230635517	The Lost Art Of Being Happy Spirituality For Sceptics	Wilkinson		Living happily is dependent on the quality of our inner life, and our inner life is largely based on habits. By training and changing these habits, in other words by acquiring inner skills, we can live with more serenity and peace of mind. This is an ancient idea, but somehow it repeatedly gets lost. The Lost Art of Being Happy shows how this idea is relevant, indeed vital, in our lives today. It also explains why the process of training the inner life by practicing these skills amounts to a form of spirituality, albeit one which doesn t require a belief in anything supernatural.	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230329461	Brand Busters 7 Common Mistakes Marketers Make	Chris Wirthwein		Every day, without knowing it, marketers of all kinds make the same common mistakes and end up destroying their brands. Brand Busters helps readers learn from the slip-ups of others and instructs them on how to avoid mistakes and get on with efficient marketing.	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230638686	Culturetopia The Ultimate High-Performance Workplace	Young		What is Culturetopia? What it does look like? Where can we find it? Is it attainable? Culturetopia provides an introduction to Jason Young s innovative perspective on how to create and sustain a high-performance workplace where people can do their best work. A wide range of cultural factors combine to drive the behavior of managers and employees who do the real work of serving customers and making products. Jason used his experience as manager, trainer, and consultant to dozens of leading companies to develop the concept of Culturetopia: the ultimate high performance workplace.	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230704008	Whisper in the Dark	Robert Gregory Browne			2008-05-02	Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780230701403	Ugenia Lavender	Geri Halliwell&Rian Hughes		Thoughtful, brave and sassy, Ugenia Lavender is one amazing kid. With loads of energy, tons of attitude and brainwaves like thunderbolts of lightning, Ugenia leaps into adventures that are as packed with personality as their creator, Geri Halliwell. Each book in the series contains three stories plus Ugenia's Big News, Top Tips and extra Brain Squeezer puzzle pages. Book 1 - How will Ugenia Lavender fit in as the new girl at school? Does she ever discover the meaning of the 'lovely illness'? And can she rescue celebrity chef, Uncle Harry, from a big mix-up?	2008-05-09	Macmillan Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780230710849	Dead Tomorrow	Peter James		Lynn Barrett is a single mother, trying to cope with life after divorce. And her life becomes an even bigger nightmare when daughter Caitlin is diagnosed with terminal liver disease. She is put on the transplant waiting list, but there is a world shortage and most patients will die while waiting. In desperation, Lynn turns to the internet and discovers an organ broker who can provide her with a liver but it will cost Lynn £250,000. To save her daughter she mortgages her home and borrows from family and friends to raise the money. A few days later the organ broker tells Lynn she has found a young woman, a perfect match for Caitlin, who is in a coma following a car smash in Italy. Meanwhile Roy Grace is working on the case of the remains of three young people recovered from the seabed off the coast of Brighton. These remains lead him to a Romanian trafficking organization of street kids from the Eastern bloc for the UK sex trade; some of them are also traded as organ donors...	2009-09-01	Pan Macmillan						FIC022020
9780230741898	Look Again	Lisa Scottoline		When reporter Ellen Gleeson gets a ‘Have You Seen This Child?’ flyer in the mail, she almost throws it away. But something about it makes her look again, and her heart stops. The child in the photo looks exactly like her adopted son, Will. All her instincts tell her to deny the similarity between her son and the photo, for she knows his adoption was lawful. But she’s a journalist and can’t stop thinking about the image until she figures out the truth. Moreover, she can’t shake off the question - if Will rightfully belongs to someone else, should she keep him or give him up?As she investigates, uncovering clues no one was meant to discover, she digs too deep, endangering her own life - and that of the son she loves.	2009-04-03	Pan Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780230714526	Beat the Bitch,How to Stop the Other Woman Stealing Your Man	Tess Stimson		Want to keep your man all to yourself? If so, you need to read this book. In "Beat the Bitch," Tess Stimson, self-confessed scarlet woman and wronged wife delivers a self-help book with a difference. Written in short, snappy chapters and packed with unmissable advice, anecdotes, quizzes and humour, "Beat the Bitch" tells every woman things she won't want to hear - but needs to. From this book you will discover:  * How to put the spark back into your relationship  * Whether your partner is vulnerable to attack from another woman  * How to find out if he is really being unfaithful . . . and exactly what to do if he is.  "Beat the Bitch" will be the must-read self-help title of 2009. As Tess herself says, should the worst come to the worst, Don't Get Mad - Get Diamonds.	2009-06-19	Pan Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780230744905	Have You Started Yet?,You and Your Period: Getting the Facts Straight	Ruth Thomson&Chloe Thomson		What's the real scoop? Get the straight talk from kids your age on your period and your changing body in "Have You Started Yet?" Girls tell girls how it is, what to expect, and to deal with it. It's all here--answers to the questions nobody really wants to ask but everyone's dying to know about.	2010-02-18	MacMillan Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780330507721	Kitten Smitten	Anna Wilson			2010-03-10	Pan Macmillan						JUV002050
9780330415088	Stockholm Syndicate/Palermo Ambush	Colin Forbes			2002-08-05	Pan Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780230014046	The screenwriter's handbook	Barry Turner		From the writers, editors and compilers of the highly successfulThe Writer's Handbookcomes the first edition ofThe Screenwriter's Handbook, an indispensible companion for everyone who commissions screenwriters, works with them or writes (or wants their chance to write) for the screen. Containing thousands of entries covering every aspect of scriptwriting, with provocative articles and useful advice from leading representatives of the trade, this practical, straightforward guide, with indexes to aid quick searches, provides full details on the core markets and the way the television and film industries are going. In addition to the key areas of UK and US film and TV agents and production companies, writers' courses and circles, festivals, grants and prizes, the guide also offers invaluable expert advice on contracts, copyright, and taxation.	2007-10-31	Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780070657090	Option Strategies	Parameswaran				Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9781845376888	Wedding Etiquette,The Complete Guide to Planning Your Wedding	Libby Norman		This book isn't about how things should be done, but ratherabout how to approach all the little traditions, expectationsand practicalities to make sure you get the wedding youdream of, be it a big church do or an informal ceremony.Packed with ideas and inspiration, there is help on topicssuch as selecting venues, choosing who to invite, decidingwho pays, stag and hen parties and sending out a gift list.There's a handy time frame to help with planning, and troubleshooter sections at the end of each chapter deal with potential problems like accommodating different traditions, saving the day if suppliers disappear and handling fallout if families don't like your plans. With all this and more, Wedding Etiquette: The Complete Guide to Planning Your Wedding has everything you need to make sure your big day goes without a hitch (well, apart from yours!)	2007-06-01	New Holland Publishers, Limited						REF024000
9781845372620	This is India	Shobita Punja		India is one of the most exotic countries in the world - a land of maharajas, Krishna, Buddha, Shah Jahan, Ghandi and Nehru. The diversity of landscapes is breathtaking, from the towering Himalaya in the north to the tranquil beaches of the south. This is India takes the reader on a journey through the country exploring its peoples, politics, cultures, religions, festivals and arts. This superbly illustrated volume explores all aspects of India - the spectacular scenery, the exotic and abundant wildlife and, above all, the incredible diversity of peoples who make this beautiful land their home.	2006-11-01	New Holland						ZZZ000000
9788188322749	Guiding souls,dialogues on the purpose of life	Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam&Arun Tiwari			2005	Ocean Books						ZZZ000000
9788184300369	You Are Born To Blossom (Pb)	Apj Abdul Kalam&Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam and Prof. Arun K. Tiwari		This Book Is An Account Of How Dr. Kalam Visualizes Information And Communication Technology Mining The Rural Talent. Here, Dr. Kalam Present His Dream Of Schools In India At 2020 As Symbiotic Nerve Centres Connecting Teachers, Students And Community; Personifying Knowledge That Exists In The World. He Also Makes A Clarion Call To Accelerate The Process Of Societal Transformation. This Would Involve Raising The Standards Of Governance And Safeguarding The Sanctity Of Public Institutions. The Book Uses The Metaphor Of A Tree To Describe The Process Of Knowledge Bearing Fruits Of Prosperity In The Contemporary Globalised World Where Different Phases, Formative, Adult Working Life, And Post-50 Experienced Senior Citizens, Call For Different Kinds Of Learning. The Book Refers To A Contextual Contribution Of A Large Number Of Indian Scientists And Artists And Proves That There Is No Age Bar To Blossom. He Advocates Creation Of Conditions That Favour Growth Of Diverse Individual Talents Akin To Agarden And Calls For A Scientific Mind-Set Guided By Conscience, Consensus And By Actions That Take Our Social And Moral Values Into Account In Building Our Own Systems.	2009-01-01	Prabhat Prakashan						ZZZ000000
9788189449001	Trekking holidays in India,85 treks + 50 trekking options	Outlook			2005	Outlook Pub. (India)						ZZZ000000
9788189449049	Delhi and NCR city guide	Vinod Mehta			2006	Outlook Publishing (India)						ZZZ000000
9788189449100	Wellness Holidays In India	Outlook Traveller			2008-07-30	Outlook Pub. (India)						ZZZ000000
9788189449025	Wildlife holidays in India	Outlook			2006	Outlook Pub. (India)						ZZZ000000
9788189449162	Weekend breaks from Kolkata	Vinod Mehta&Eastman Kodak Company		Contributed articles.	2008	Outlook Pub. (India)						ZZZ000000
9788120414754	Dictionary Of Technical Terms, 11/E	Crispin		This new edition of the book provides the following features to help the reader: 10,000 terms used in modern industry; Hundreds of clear, easy-to-follow line drawings; 500 newly defined technical terms; Many new categories pertaining to recent developments in science and industry; 150 new entries that relate to aerospace, ceramics, rocketry, horology, hydraulics and many others; Guide words for quick reference are at the top of every page.Corrections and improvements in the phrasing and the defining of terms make the book an up-to-date reference for home, shop, school and industry. An alphabetical guide to the answers to thousands of technical questions, the book is the direct way to nourish one s technical knowledge.	2007	Oxford & IBH Publishing Company Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120416895	Medicinal Plants: Chemistry And Properties	M. Daniel		In-depth knowledge of the chemistry of medicinal plants is essential in understanding the manifold utilities of such plants; and to enhance our understanding of the quality of raw materials, extracts and formulations; and in marketing plant-derived drugs. The selection of plants studied in this treatise is based on its significance, and its representation of members of different taxonomic families as well as of different classes (and subclasses) of compounds. All the available data on the chemical compounds and the pharmacological studies on these plants/compounds have been incorporated. The plants are arranged by the type and nature of chemical compounds they contain. Secondary metabolites have been included in this volume due to their great therapeutic role.Contents: Introduction / Part A: Secondary Metabolites - Alkaloids / Terpenoids / Phenolics / Gums and Mucilages / Part B: Primary Metabolites -The Primary Metabolics	2005	Oxford & IBH Publishing Company Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120417403	Technical Writing	Jayaprakash				Oxford & IBH Publishing Company Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120417441	Must For Mums: Bangalore, 3/E	Rina Mehta		Children of a greater God, Bangalore s young ones reside in a sea of learning opportunities. It is truly the educational capital of the country. Bangalore embraces within it, the cultural glory of yore, living cheek by jowl with the high technology world of tomorrow. This book is meant to help you, the mother (and fathers too) to plan and pick the best for your child. It guides you through the education, schools, classes, party planning, medical requirements and shopping available in your city. A must for every household.	2009	Oxford & IBH Publishing Company Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120416598	Society And Environment	Naik		The book is based on a model syllabus approved by the MHRD and AICTE for a compulsory subject in AMIE examinations. This syllabus may be considered by other academic bodies for adoption.Contents: Group I. Society Sociology and its Scope: Introduction / Definitions of Sociology / Scope of Sociology / Specialised Fields of Sociology / Sociology and other Social Sciences / Role of a Sociologist / Sociology and the Engineer / Model Questions / Societal Structures: Introduction / Society and Sociological Concepts / Social Stratification / Caste / Class / Cultural Heritage / Occupation / Model Questions / Societal Dynamics: Mobility / Income Distribution / Social Tensions and their Causes / Societal Responsibilities / Social Institutions / Model Questions / Development Processes: Development of Traditional Society / The Process of Development / Parameters for Development / Interrelationship between Social, Economic and Scientific Factors / Role of Science and Technology in Development / Planning - its Objectives and Assessment / Model Questions / Technology Assessment: Historical Development of Science / Historical Development of Technology / Appropriate Technology and Criteria for its Assessment / Technology Adaptation / Model Questions / Group II. Environment - Environment: Introduction / The Biosphere / Man s Impact Upon the Environment / Environmental Pollution / Economic Development and Environment / Sustainable Development / The Environmental Ethic / The Role of Environmental Engineer / Model Questions / Ecosystems: Ecology and its Scope / Natural Ecosystems / Principles of Ecobalance / Biosphere Cycle / Man and Ecosystems / Causes for Eco-imbalance / Effects of Eco-imbalance / Remedies for Eco-imbalance / Model Questions / Environmental Degradation: Man and Environment / Causes for Environmental Degradation / Effects of Environmental Degradation / Control of Environmental Pollution / Model Questions / Waste Management: Solid Wastes / Management of Agricultural Wastes / Management of Urban Wastes / Management of Industrial Wastes / Model Questions / Sustainable Development: Dilemma of Development / Definition of Development / Definition and Concept of Sustainable Development / Science, Technology and Sustainable Development / Technology for Sustainable Energy / Technology for Sustainable materials / Model Questions	2007	Oxford & IBH Publishing Company Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120408234	Dictionary Of Synonyms And Antonyms, 3/E**	Oxi		A dictionary gives meanings of words - in that respect this is not a dictionary & but much more. The meaning can be found, and is often known, but what often eludes the reader is knowledge of words that can be used instead of a particular word. In the English language there are several words that can, and do, convey the same or similar meaning, synonyms, as such words are called. The discerning person would like to use the correct word & and this compact and simple dictionary brings to the reader, a vast collection of the most commonly and currently used words. Wherever available, an antonym, i.e. the opposite meaning is also given.Salient Features: " Simpler than a thesaurus " Invaluable to writers and crossword addicts " Readers, students and teachers of the English language will benefit from this book " Improves vocabulary	2008	Oxford & IBH Publishing Company Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120416468	New Medical Dictionary, 3/E**	P.S. Shankar		This a very useful and up-do-date medical dictionary used by many students and doctors. It has been published keeping in mind Indian cases and examples. Kept simple and priced moderately to keep in reach of everyone, yet providing the highest quality.Salient Features: " Updated in 2008 " Over 1000 new entries " Vernacular terms " Numerous colour plates " Covers all fields of medical sciences " Suitable for doctors, students, nurses, para medical staff and the layman " Includes tables, line diagrams, spelling and pronunciation " Geared towards for Indian students/ doctors	2008	Oxford & IBH Publishing Company Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120417236	Modern English Dictionary**	Oxford		An up-to-date, modern dictionary which incorporates the latest words and terms in English, especially in the Indian context. Words and terms in IT, Business, Medical Science etc. too have been added to make a reference dictionary for all.	2009	Oxford & IBH Publishing Company Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120417366	Future Of Economic Science	Puttaswamaiah		The very title of this enormous volume is enough to indicate the outrageously daring project that editor has devised and succeeded to manage. More than forty specialists give their opinion and produce their analysis on nearly 700 pages treating in an original way a great variety of topics: globalisation, non linearity, finance, development, institutional economics, neural networks... . A superb realization which will remain of interest in the remote future... . - Gilbert Abraham-Frois, Professor, University Paris-X-Nanterre	2009	Oxford & IBH Publishing Company Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120417397	Growth Of Economics In The Twentieth Century	Puttaswamaiah		The array of contributions offered in this volume on the growth of Economics is comprehensive. The book provides a number of ideas and perspectives about economic themes to whet the appetite of scholarly of readers. Those, more inclined to welcome efforts to explain economic phenomena, will find a diversity of interpretations of events which should be sufficient to stimulate the imagination as well as the understanding of policy choices. In general the book offers some fascinating insights about developments in economic theory and modes of analysis during the twentieth century and earlier.	2009	Oxford & IBH Publishing Company Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120405851	Readings in Human Resource Development	T. V. Rao		Human Resource Development has emerged as a new field in the last decade. In the industrial sector a good deal of knowledge has been generated on HRD methodologies, processes and outcomes. However, the HRD function has a long way to go to have a visible and acknowledgeable impact in most organisations. It is yet to make its beginnings in the non-profit and service sectors where it is most needed.	2006	Oxford & IBH Publishing Company Pvt. Ltd.						BUS038000
9788120417038	Medicinal Plants Of The World	Singh		Alternative systems of medicine (Ayurveda, Siddha, Homoepathy, Traditional Chinese Medicine and Western Medcila Herbalism) utilizes medicinal plants for formulations. The present work is aimed at documentation of chemical composition, medicinal use and modern investigative work on medicinal plants. As the name of the title suggests, the work includes rare medicinal plants used globally in medicine. As research is being done on medicinal plants, more and more phytochemicals are being discovered. On basis of this, traditional uses of medicinal plants are being confirmed. The work will be a valuable guide for practitioners of alternative systems of medicine. It will be useful for phytochemists, ethnobotanists and herbal pharmacists who will find unique data about less documented medicinal plants.	2006	Oxford & IBH Publishing Company Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120408289	Ayurvedic drugs and their plant sources	V. V. Sivarajan&Indira Balachandran		A wholesome and uniform Materia Media has been a fond dream, but an elusive goal, for men of Ayurveda since long, largely due to the widespread disagreement over the choice of herbal sources of various drugs and also due to the persistent indifference of practitioners towards the problem. Even those people who are highly concerned about the rot have been groping in the dark as to the ways and means of getting out of the present quagmire.	1994	Oxford & IBH Pub. Co.						ZZZ000000
9780330465229	The Dead of Winter	Rennie Airth		During a blackout on the streets of London on a freezing evening in late 1944, a young Polish land girl, Rosa Nowak, is suddenly and brutally killed. For the police, their resources already stretched by war regulations and the thriving black market, this is a shocking and seemingly random crime. No one can find any reason why someone would want to murder an innocent refugee.  For the former police inspector John Madden, the crime hits close to home. Rosa was working on his farm and he feels personally responsible for not protecting her. His old colleagues Angus Sinclair and Billy Styles are still at the Yard, but struggle to make sense of their few clues.  Their only lead points towards war-torn Europe - but as the fighting sweeps across the continent, will they find the killer before he strikes again?  'A superlative detective novel . . . Airth's John Madden novels are must-reads' "Daily Express"	2010	Pan Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780553819809	The Land of Summer	Charlotte Bingham		Emmaline has always understood from her mother that as the eldest of four daughters she must marry, but it seems that no proposals are going to come her way. Until, at a crowded ball, Julius makes his way to her side and waltzes her off. The next morning he makes it plain that he wants to marry her, and will marry her no matter what. So it is that Emmaline finds herself on the way to England from America to meet her husband to be, her hopes as high as they have ever been. What greets her when she arrives in the strange house, full of odd guests and eccentric servants, is far from being the glorious place that Julius has promised her. Indeed as the days go by, her life as Julius's fiancée becomes more and more unhappy, just as Julius himself seems to have changed beyond belief, Emmaline cannot see any future to their relationship, and that is before his past, and the history of his house gradually make themselves plain to her. From the Hardcover edition.	2009-03-02	Bantam Books						ZZZ000000
9780230711389	The Golden Mile,An Arkady Renko Novel	Martin Cruz Smith			2010-01-20	Macmillan Publishers Limited						FIC030000
9780330511582	Stirred But Not Shaken,The Autobiography	Keith Floyd		He was the first celebrity chef, the swashbuckling cook who crossed the high seas, on a BBC budget, communicating his love of food to millions of viewers. Make a wonderful dish and have a bloody good time: that was the criteria of Keith Floyd's mission (a mission that lasted several decades). Along the way he inspired a generation of men to get into the kitchen. After starting out in a hotel kitchen in Bristol, he made and lost fortunes, was married four times, and dealt with a level of fame that bemused him. Now, in his honest and revealing memoir, completed just before he died, Keith reflects on the ups and downs of his career. Above all, the much loved, often copied, Keith Floyd whooshes the reader through his adventures, from the hilarious to the downright lunatic. As irrepressible, funny and charming as Keith himself, Stirred But Not Shaken is a must-read for anyone who loves life, food, women . . . and a quick slurp.	2010	Pan Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780330518161	It Shouldn't Happen to a Vet,The Further Adventures of a 1930s Vet	James Herriot		Now firmly ensconced in the sleepy Yorkshire village of Darrowby, recently qualified vet James Herriot has acclimatised to life with his unpredictable colleagues, brothers Siegfried and Tristan Farnon. But veterinary practice in the 1930's was never going to be easy, and there are challenges on the horizon, from persuading his clients to let him use his "modern" equipment, to becoming an uncle (to a pig called Nugent). Throw in his first encounters with Helen, the beautiful daughter of a local farmer, and this year looks to be as eventful as the last.	2010	Pan Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780330415293	Hoot	Carl Hiaasen			2004-01-02	Pan Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780330351720	Sick puppy	Carl Hiaasen		Da den politisk indflydelsesrige Palmer Stoat forurener Florida's natur bestemmer miljøidealisten Twilly Spree sig til at give ham en lærestreg.	2001-05-04	Pan Books						ZZZ000000
9781405091855	Zulu Rising,The Battle of Isandlwana 1879	Ian Knight		The battle of Isandlwana was the single most destructive incident in the one hundred and fifty year history of the British colonization of South Africa. In one bloody day over eight hundred British troops, five hundred of their allies and at least two thousand Zulus were killed. It was a staggering defeat for the British empire and the consequences of the battle echoed brutally across the following decades as Britain took ruthless revenge on the Zulu people. In Yesterdays Blood Ian Knight shows that the brutality of the battle was the result of an inevitable clash between two aggressive warrior traditions. For the first time he gives full weight to the Zulu experience and explores the reality of the fighting through the eyes of men who took part on both sides, looking into the human heart of this savage conflict.	2010-07-09	MacMillan						ZZZ000000
9780330448024	The Last Legion	Valerio Massimo Manfredi		Da Det vestromerske Rige bryder sammen i året 470, begiver en lille gruppe britisk-romerske soldater sig ud på en lang og vanskelig rejse til Rom for at komme kejser Romulus Augustus til undsætning. Da de ankommer, er alt kaos, men denne sidste legion beslutter at fuldføre sin mission og redde kejserens søn.	2007-09-20	Pan Macmillan						FIC014000
9780330440721	Amis & Son,Two Literary Generations	Neil Powell		Two of the most successful British novelists of the last fifty years, Kingsley and Martin Amis are both known for their savage wit and their indifference to causing controversy.  In his critical biography, Neil Powell looks at the careers of these two very divisive, and hugely talented writers: how they were formed by their upbringings, developed as writers and in turn how they affected literature, and each other. He examines how success (which is the title of one of Martin Amis's novels) affected their relationship, and themselves as writers (Kingsley: "Martin's spending a year abroad for tax purposes. 29, he is. Little shit."). Through this we see what it has meant to be a man, and a writer, (and, most importantly, a comic writer) in Britain over the last sixty years, following Kinglsey from jazz-loving iconoclast to Thatcher-loving Tory and Martin from wild young man of letters to God knows what.	2009	Pan						ZZZ000000
9780330451161	Sovereign	C.J. Sansom			2007-03-09	Pan Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780330450997	Gomorrah,Italy's Other Mafia	Roberto Saviano		Published to coincide with the eponymous blockbuster film, Roberto Saviano's groundbreaking and utterly compelling book is a major international bestseller and has to date sold 750,000 copies in Italy alone. Since publishing his searing expose of their criminal activities, the author has received so many death threats from the Camorra that he has been assigned police protection. Known by insiders as 'the System', the Camorra, an organized crime network with a global reach and large stakes in construction, high fashion, illicit drugs and toxic-waste disposal, exerts a malign grip on cities and villages along the Neapolitan coast is the deciding factor in why Campania has the highest murder rate in all of Europe and why cancer levels there have skyrocketed in recent years.  In pursuit of his subject, Saviano worked as an assistant at a Chinese textile manufacturer and on a construction site, both controlled by 'the System', and as a waiter at a Camorra wedding. Born in Naples, he recalls seeing his first murder at the age of fourteen, and how his own father, a doctor, suffered a brutal beating for trying to help an eighteen-year-old victim, left for dead in the street.  "Gomorrah "is both a bold and engrossing piece of investigative writing and one heroic young man's impassioned story of a place under the rule of a murderous organization.	2008	Pan Books						ZZZ000000
9780330452977	Up Till Now	William Shatner		William Shatner gets the joke about William Shatner. In fact, most of the time he's the one telling it. His self-effacing attitude, so perfectly parodied in the bombastic character he now plays on "Boston Legal," Denny Crane, is one of the reasons for his huge popularity. While best known for his creation of Captain James T. Kirk on "Star Trek," William Shatner has been a working actor for more than half a century. He has experienced all the ups (the awards and acclaim) and the down (having to live for a time in the truck bed of his camper when he couldn't get work) that are a part of the actor's world.  In "Up Till Now" he tells us about his remarkable life, from training as a Shakespearan actor to his time on Broadway, his movie career and, of course, his successful tv series. He writes, with glee, about some of his less successful ventures, including "Incubus," the only feature ever made entirely in Esperanto. As funny and charming as the man himself, this book will delight his many fans of all ages.  'Crammed full of anecdotes from a long and full life, and infused with a self-deprecating humour' "Private Eye"	2009-05-01	Pan Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9781405048590	Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother,The Official Biography	William Shawcross		Elizabeth Angela Marguerite Bowes Lyon, the youngest daughter of the Earl of Strathmore, was born on 4 August 1900. It might reasonably have been expected that she would lead a life of ease and privilege but few could have imagined the profound effect she would have on Britain and its people. Her life spanned the whole of the twentieth century and this official biography tells not only her story but, through it, that of the country she loved so devotedly.  Drawing on her private correspondence and other unpublished material from the Royal Archives, William Shawcross vividly reveals the witty girl who endeared herself to soldiers convalescing at Glamis in the First World War; the assured young Duchess of York; the Queen, at last feeling able to look the East End in the face at the height of the Blitz; the Queen Mother, representing the nation at home and abroad throughout her widowhood. It is the definitive portrait of a remarkable woman.	2009-09-04	Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780330434300	Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother,The Official Biography	William Shawcross		Written with complete access to the Queen Mother's personal letters and diaries, William Shawcross's riveting biography is the truly definitive account of this remarkable woman, whose life spanned the twentieth century. Elizabeth Angela Marguerite Bowes Lyon, the youngest daughter of the Earl of Strathmore, was born on 4 August 1900. Drawing on her private correspondence and other unpublished material from the Royal Archives, William Shawcross vividly reveals the witty girl who endeared herself to soldiers convalescing at Glamis in the First World War; the assured young Duchess of York; the Queen, at last feeling able to look the East End in the face at the height of the Blitz; the Queen Mother, representing the nation at home and abroad throughout her long widowhood. 'This splendid biograpy captures something of the warm glow that she brought to every event and encounter. It also reveals a deeper and more interesting character, forged by good sense, love of country, duty, humour and an instinct for what is right. This is a wonderful book, authoritative, frank and entertaining' "Daily Telegraph"	2010	Pan Macmillan						BIO014000
9780330458542	What's Yours Is Mine	Tess Stimson		Like a princess in a fairytale, Grace Hamilton has been showered with blessings: professional success, a happy marriage, and she even lives in a beautiful castle. But the only thing she really wants - her heart's desire - is the one thing she can never have. Her sister, the beautiful Susannah, has made a mess of her life. Like a reverse Midas, everything she touches turns to shit. But the Fate puts Grace's future in Susannah's hands, changing the balance of power between the sisters forever.	2010	Pan Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780330518222	Last Orders	Graham Swift		Four men once close to Jack Dodds, a London butcher, meet to carry out his peculiar last wish: to have his ashes scattered into the sea. For reasons best known to herself, Jack's widow, Amy, declines to join them. On the surface the tale of a simple if increasingly bizarre day's outing, Last Ordersis Graham Swift's most poignant exploration of the complexity and courage of ordinary lives. 'His finest book to date; emotionally charged and technically superb . . . Last Ordersis about how we live and how we die and our struggle to make abiding connections between the two' Times Literary Supplement 'Inspired . . . His finest novel yet' Guardian 'A triumph . . . A novel that unflinchingly contemplates human perishability, and that also pays unsentimental tribute to human resilience' Sunday Times 'Tragic, comic and wonderfully compassionate' Daily Mail 'A book to match his masterpiece, Waterland . . . Last Orders confirms his reputation as one of the great contemporary chroniclers of landscape and memory' Observer 'beautifully written, gentle, funny, truthful, touching and profound' Salman Rushdie	2010	Picador USA						ZZZ000000
9788190908528	Conversations with The Mysterious One - Volume One : Practical Wisdom For Everyday Evolutionary Living	Amitt Parikh		The book that you are holding in your hand or are reading on screen, carries a new world within it, carries a new thought within it, carries a new energy within it. Open it, read it, let that world manifest around you, let that thought stir you from within, let that energy guide you to The Truth. The book is not merely philosophical, but also a living energy waiting for your activation to work with you and transform you, inspire you, guide you to act out of wisdom, act out of compassion, act for evolution of The One. Every book has a purpose. The purpose of this book is your awakening, your Enlightenment, your gnosis, your atonement, your realization of the power within, your understanding of the Brahman, your conscious evolution, your yoga with Atma, your declaration of Aham Brahmasmi, your connection with the God within. You may or may not read this book, but The Mysterious One will be there to provoke you, to guide you, to walk with you in some other form, some other place, some other time but let ME tell you "I have arrived and we will meet face to face, very soon."  - The Mysterious One -----------------------  Testimonials: As I read Conversations with The Mysterious One, I was enthralled and captivated by the poetic and powerfully, symbolic word play. It moves from sensitive, gentle prodding to electrifying and powerful truths all wrapped in a wonderful energy of deep wisdom. It will make a great tool for those in search of the key to the map I would recommend to all travelers on the journey-without-end to pack this book into their kitbag! - Sri Jothimayi Ma, Pranashakty - www.pranashakty.org "Conversations with The Mysterious One is a book that goes beyond the ordinary into the extraordinary and yet, does it in such a skillful way that the reader cannot wait to explore all the topics covered. The author, Amitt Parikh, brilliantly weaves the wisdom of the East with the pragmatism of the West to create a remarkable document, which not only bridges cultures, but even time itself. You'll want to keep this book among your favorite volumes for years to come so that you could return to its wisdom time and time again." - John Harricharan, award-winning author of the bestseller, When You Can Walk on Water, Take the Boat "Amitt shares ancient wisdom in a manner that allows these teachings to be more accessible for a majority of people. This guide will illuminate and inspire others to choose a path that contributes to and enhances the world around them. We are all interconnected in the Cosmos and this work allows each of us to feel and connect with that wholeness." - C J Martes, International healer, author and creator of Akashic Field Therapy "Reason or emotion? Body or mind? Ecstasy or asceticism? Duality or singularity? Family life or hermit? In his book Conversations with The Mysterious One, Amitt Parikh looks after these and further questions which have to be settled by any modern practitioner of spirituality. In a comfortable and humorous "Conversations with God"-goes-advaita style, the author presents the messages which he receives from 'Silence.' From the beginning, the silent wisdom brilliantly lets the variety of cultural, religious and scientific knowledge of past and present, east and west, merge into the simple and meditative realization of 'I AM'. The author leaves no doubt that this principle is supreme spiritual knowledge and daily work order at the same time: ItÂ™s about recognizing and realizing it in every breath, every thought, every meal, and every act in everyday life. Thats why this book is not only a fascinating spiritual edification and a guide, but also a plea for ecological, economic and social responsibility. - Floco Tausin, Author of Mouches Volantes: Eye Floaters as Shining Structures of Consciousness		Parikh Info Solutions Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781407519029	The Pregnancy and Baby Book	Karen Evennett			2008-04	Parragon Inc						ZZZ000000
9780752592992	Questions And Answers : Science	John Farndon&Julian Baker			2002	Parragon Publishing India Pvt Ltd						SCI000000
9780752593050	The Universe	John Farndon			2002	Parragon Publishing India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780752543505	Natural World	Anita Ganeri&Parragon&Incorporated&Michael Posen		Uses realistic illustrations and question and answer format to keep up interest while filling your brain with facts about the Natural World.	2002	Parragon Publishing India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781405498524	Herb Bible	Jennie Harding			2007	Parragon Publishing India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781407536408	Reading Heroes The Magic Hats	Liz Holliday&Jan Smith			2008	Parragon Publishing India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781405491334	ASTRONOMY : THE DEFINITIVE GUIDE TO THE UNIVERSE Includes the Latest Hubble Telescope and Cassini Space Probe Photographs	John Duncan		The night skies and astronomical bodies have been a source of wonder and speculation since the development of the earliest civilizations. The Sun, with its life-giving energy, was deified, its daily journey across the skies imbued with religious significance. The Ancient Egyptians were the first to calculate the length of the solar year, adding five days to their original 360-day calendar, a margin of error of just six hours. Where myth and mysticism led, scientific discovery quickly followed. Five thousand years on, our knowledge of the solar system and what lies beyond may be considerable, yet the sense of awe is hardly less than that experienced by the earliest observers. This book takes us on a journey of discovery, from a detailed study of the planets in our solar system to the far distant galaxies and outermost reaches of the universe. All the spectacular cosmic phenomena are featured, including comets, asteroids, meteors, and nebulae. Some may be less familiar, such as quasars, remote galaxies whose extraordinary luminosity and energy make our Sun appear like a 40-watt bulb in an unlit cathedral; dark matter, which forms some 90 percent of the universe even though it cannot be detected directly; and black holes, superdense matter with a gravitational pull so strong that not even light can escape.	2010	Parragon Publishing India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781407530727	Ultimate History Of Ferrari	Brian Laban			2008	Parragon Publishing India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781405493062	Happy Faces	Parragon Book Service Limited			2007-05-01	Parragon Publishing India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781407532011	Baby's First Lullabies	Parragon&Incorporated		Beautifully Illustrated Books Perfect For SharingWords To Favourite Lullabies, Action Rhymes, Bedtime Rhymes And Nursery Rhymes Sliding Cd Pocket For Easy StorageApprox 30 Minutes Of MusicWords To Favourite Action Rhymes Over 30 Mintues Of Lively M	2008-09-01	Parragon Publishing India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781405439558	Complete Beauty Book	Helen Foster			2004-08-01	Parragon Book Service Limited						ZZZ000000
9781405487047	Chicken Licken	Parragon Book Service Limited			2006-12	Parragon Book Service Limited						ZZZ000000
9781407535104	Children's Encyclopedia of Knowledge	Parragon Book Service Limited			2008-09-01	Parragon Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781405487856	Crafts For Baby	Alison Jenkins			2007-03-01	Parragon Publishing India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781405474085	English 5-6 WorkB and English 5-6 PracB	Parragon Book Service Limited			2007	Parragon Book Service Limited						JNF029000
9781405474115	Maths 6-7 WorkB and Maths 6-7 PracB	Parragon Book Service Limited			2006-06-01	Parragon Book Service Limited						ZZZ000000
9781405474108	Maths 5-6 WorkB and Maths 5-6 PracB	Parragon Book Service Limited			2007	Parragon Book Service Limited						ZZZ000000
9781405474139	Phonics 6-7 WorkB and Phonics 6-7 PracB	Parragon Book Service Limited			2007-06-01	Parragon Book Service Limited						ZZZ000000
9781405446747	Get Ready to Add	Parragon Book Service Limited			2004-11-01	Parragon Book Service Limited						ZZZ000000
9781405494380	Egypt	Pam Beasant&Mike Phillips		Readers can lift the flaps to explore life in ancient Egypt, including how people lived and worked, what they did for entertainment, the activities of priests in the temples, the preparation of mummies, and the design of the pyramids.	2007-05-01	Parragon Inc						ZZZ000000
9781405466783	Mighty Machines	Adam Hibbert&Chris Oxlade&James Pickering&Stephen Angel			2006-06-01	Parragon Publishing India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781405459396	My first easy-to-read stories	Disney Enterprises (1996- )&Parragon Book Service Limited			2005	Parragon						ZZZ000000
9781405466424	Pirates	Parragon Book Service Limited				Parragon Book Service Limited						JNF025000
9781407531007	Disney Power Rangers	Unknown			2008-09-01	Simon & Schuster						ZZZ000000
9780752592978	Planet Earth	Ian James			2002	Parragon						ZZZ000000
9781405474092	English 6-7 WorkB and English 6-7 PracB	Parragon Book Service Limited			2007-06-01	Parragon Book Service Limited						JNF029000
9781405491082	Black Beauty	Anna Sewell&Sandy (RTL) Ransford&Jacqueline East			2007-03-01	Parragon, Incorporated						ZZZ000000
9780954221782	So Many Books,Reading and Publishing in an Age of Abundance	Gabriel Zaid&Natasha Wimmer		"Gabriel Zaid's defense of books is genuinely exhilarating." --Leon Wieseltier, Literary Editor of the New Republic	2004	Sort Of Books						ZZZ000000
9780768927849	Master the GMAT (CD) 2010	Mark A. Stewart		This no-nonsense guide to the GMAT includes essay-writing analysis and 9 complete practice tests, including 3 on CD.	2009-03-31	Peterson's						ZZZ000000
9780768927856	Master the GRE 2010	Mark Allen Stewart		The most comprehensive resource for students who want to earn top GRE scores. Includes 9 full-length practice tests (3 on CD), thorough reviews of every section on the exam, and expert tips and strategies from a test prep pro.	2009-06-02	Peterson's						ZZZ000000
9780749935368	Out of Reach	Patricia Lewin		Praise for BLIND RUN: 'From its sharply etched opening in the desert to its gripping finale. . . Blind Run is the work of a writer with a genuine talent to thrill. Bravo, Patricia Lewin!' Tess Gerritsen 'Brilliant, breathtaking suspense. Blind Run starts with a bang and maintains a blistering pace right down to the nail-biter ending. Patricia Lewin does not disappoint.' Lisa Gardner 'hats off to Patricia Lewin!' Iris Johansen	2005-04-28	Piatkus Books						ZZZ000000
9780330433501	The world is what it is,the authorized biography of V.S. Naipaul	Patrick French		Since V. S. Naipaul left his Caribbean birthplace at the age of seventeen, his improbable life has followed the global movement of peoples, whose preeminent literary chronicler he has become. In "The World Is What It Is," Patrick French offers the first authoritative biography of the controversial Nobel laureate, whose only stated ambition was greatness as a writer, in pursuit of which goal nothing else was sacred. Beginning with a richly detailed portrait of Naipaul's childhood in colonial Trinidad, French gives us the boy born to an Indian family, the displaced soul in a displaced community, who by dint of talent and ambition finds the only imaginable way out: a scholarship to Oxford. London in the 1950s offers hope and his first literary success, but homesickness and depression almost defeat Vidia, his narrow escape aided by Patricia Hale, an Englishwoman who will devote herself to his work and well-being. She will stand by him, sometimes tenuously, for more than four decades, even as Naipaul embarks on a twenty-four-year affair, which will awaken half-dead passions and feed perhaps his greatest wave of dizzying creativity. Amid this harrowing emotional life, French traces the course of the fierce visionary impulse underlying Naipaul's singular power, a gift to produce masterpieces of fiction and nonfiction. Informed by exclusive access to V. S. Naipaul's private papers and personal recollections, and by great feeling for his formidable body of work, French's revelatory biography does full justice to an enigmatic genius.	2008-04-04	Picador						ZZZ000000
9780330396103	India After Gandhi	Ramachandra Guha			2007-08-01	Picador						ZZZ000000
9780330453318	Continent	Jim Crace		On its first publication over twenty years ago, this captivating novel marked the arrival of one of the most imaginative minds at work: a writer capable of transporting his readers to a strange and wonderful landscape while revealing the humanity within the mirage.	2008-01-04	Picador						ZZZ000000
9780330453325	The Gift of Stones	Jim Crace		At the twilight of the stone age, an isolated village lives in relative prosperity. A young man, a one-armed dreamer unable to work the stone, elects himself the village storyteller, and hunts restlessly, far and wide, for inspiration. But the information he finds and the people he meets warn of a fissure in their world: the advent of a new age and the coming of a metal that will change their community's life irrevocably.  'A tour de force, finely and firmly written. Crace is a virtuoso' Frank Kermode  'His work is among the most original in comtemporary fiction' "The Times"	2008-01-04	Picador						ZZZ000000
9780330484961	The body artist,a novel	Don DeLillo		The " Body Artist" opens with a breakfast scene in a rambling rented house somewhere on the New England coast. We meet Lauren Hartke, the body artist of the title, and her husband Rey Robles, a much older, thrice-married film-director. Through their delicate, intimate, half-complete thoughts and words DeLillo proves himself a stunningly unsentimental observer of marriage, and of the idiosyncrasies that both isolate and bind us. Rey says he's taking a drive and he does, all the way to the Manhattan apartment of his first wife. Lauren is left alone, or so she thinks. She is soon to discover, however, that there is a stranger in the house. An eery individual who often speaks in Rey's voice or in her own, who knows both intimate moments of their past life and things that haven't yet happened. " A novel that is both slight and profound, a distilled meditation on perception and loss, and a poised, individual ghost story for the twenty-first century" - " Observer" . " A masterful talent is behind its language, so magnificent in simplicity. Inspiring. God, but it's a beautiful book" - " Independent on Sunday" .	2002-03-03	Picador						ZZZ000000
9780330426459	End Zone	Don DeLillo		Gary Harkness is a football player and student at Logos College, West Texas. During a season of unprecedented success on the football field, he becomes increasingly obsessed with the threat of nuclear war. Both frightened and fascinated by the prospect, he listens to his team-mates discussing match tactics in much the same terms as military generals might contemplate global conflict. Offering a timely and topical look at human beings' obsession with conflict and confrontation, "End Zone" is a clever, playful and, above all, funny novel, which confirms DeLillo's status as one of the great American writers of the twentieth and twenty-first centuries, and reaffirms the unerring incisive accuracy of his portrayal of the modern world.	2004	Picador						ZZZ000000
9780330453707	Underwater	Elizabeth Diamond		"What do you remember, Jane? How much do you remember?"  Jane is living a solitary life, estranged from her husband and son after her family is marked by a tragedy she cannot face. As she recovers from a debilitating bout of treatment for a serious illness, Jane is plagued by childhood memories and strange, underwater dreams of her beloved brother, Paul, who went missing as a teenager. Now he seems to be urging her to remember her long-buried past.  Her mind desperately seeking connections, Jane begins searching for Paul. But as she digs further into her brother's disappearance, she realizes she must untangle the web of lies from which she has woven her life and confront the devastating truth about her family. For only then can she begin to face up to her own part in its destruction . . .	2010	Pan Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780330373234	Bridget Jones,the edge of reason	Helen Fielding		Endelig har Bridget fundet drømmemanden, men misforståelser og kærlige veninder gør livet surt for den stakkels mand - og her hjælper ikke engang Bridget's selvhjælpsbøger.	2000	Picador						ZZZ000000
9780330511636	A thousand cuts	Simon Lelic		It should be an open-and-shut case. Samuel Szajkowski, a recently hired history teacher, walked into a school assembly with a gun and murdered three students and a colleague before turning the weapon on himself. It was a tragedy that could not have been predicted. Szajkowski, it seems celar, was a psychopath behond help. Yet as Detective Inspector Lucia May begins to piece together the testimonies of the various witnesses, an uglier and more complex picture emerges, calling into question the innocent of others. But no one, including Lucia's boss, is interested.--From publisher's description.	2010	Viking						ZZZ000000
9780330456128	The Eye of Jade	Diane Wei Liang			2008-01-01	Macmillan Publishers Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780330512473	The Great Perhaps	Joe Meno		A breakout new novel from the critically acclaimed novelist and playwright Joe Meno, author of Hairstyles of the Damned. Praise for The Great Perhaps . . . "The Great Perhaps is a darkly funny, lyrical, and shrewdly observant chronicle of a family on the verge of a nervous breakdown. Joe Meno has the rare ability to evoke midlife melancholy and teenage angst with equal authority."-Tom Perrotta, author of Election and The Abstinence Teacher "I think The Great Perhaps is the wisest, most humane and transcendent novel on the contemporary family since The Corrections. A marvelous book."-Irvine Welsh, author of Trainspotting and Crime . . . and for Joe Meno "Joe Meno is an interesting case: a punk/noir stylist who can imitate something more rarefied, poetic, and universal."-Elle "Meno is the closest thing [Chicago's] got to a literary ambassador."-GQ "What to make of Joe Meno, whose icepick-sharp books include many elements that might reasonably be described as quirky, but are rather heartfelt, beautifully written and vivid as a bad dream-or a very, very good one?"-Washington Post Express	2010	Picador USA						ZZZ000000
9780330420235	Literary occasions,essays	V. S. Naipaul&Pankaj Mishra		Charting half a lifetime spent exploring the written word, these eleven articles include Naipaul's boyhood experiences of reading books and his first youthful efforts at writing them; the evolution of his ideas about the extent to which individual cultures shape identities and influence literary forms; Naipaul's observations on Conrad, his literary forebear; the moving preface he wrote to the only book his father ever published; and his reflections on his career, ending with his celebrated Nobel lecture 'Two Worlds'.  A remarkable companion piece to The Writer and the World, Naipaul's previous volume of highly-acclaimed essays, Literary Occasions is a stirring contribution to the fading art of the critic, and a revelation of a life in letters.	2005-01-01	Picador						ZZZ000000
9780330448611	The Man of My Dreams	Curtis Sittenfeld		Tussen haar veertiende en haar negenentwintigste is een jonge vrouw naarstig op zoek naar de man van haar dromen.	2007-01-01	Picador						ZZZ000000
9780330453660	The Ancient Garden	Hwang Sok-yong		Oh Hyun Woo, a political activist, has served nearly twenty years of a life sentence, but when the Korean government relaxes its stance on such dissidents, he finds himself up for release. While he was growing old on the inside, though, things on the outside have changed, and he is soon adrift in a world full of noise and activity, multi-storey apartment blocks and mobile phones. As he struggles to adjust to the present, and to consider his future, Mr Oh is also forced to examine the past: family members he's lost, one way or another; friends he's no longer in touch with; comrades who have died or moved on and the loss of the love of his life: it may have been two decades since they were together, but some relationships leave their mark no matter what.Both a haunting love story and an account of life in modern Korea, The Ancient Gardenis about past and present; about loss, regret and looking to the future; and about how some things are simply meant to be, even when tragically events prove otherwise.'Hwang Sok-yong is undoubtedly the most powerful voice of the novel in East Asia today' Kenzaburo Oe	2010	Picador USA						ZZZ000000
9780330518185	Tomorrow	Graham Swift		'This is Graham Swift at his impressive best' Times Literary SupplementOn a midsummer's night, Paula lies awake, Mike, her husband of twenty-five years, asleep beside her, her two teenage children, Nick and Kate, sleeping in nearby rooms. The next day, she knows, will define all their lives.As morning approaches, Paula recalls the years before and after her children were born. Her story is both a celebration of love possessed and a moving acknowledgement of the fear of loss, the fragilities, illusions and secrets on which even our most intimate sense of who we are can rest.'Paula talks the way that people actually talk . . . this is part of Swift's overwhelming honesty as a writer: he writes the way that life goes' Anne Enright, Guardian'The rhythms of long-term partnership become the rhymes of the narrative itself . . . a subtle picture emerges of how coupledom is deepened by parenthood' Robert MacFarlane, Sunday Times'As assured and subtle as ever . . . Swift artfully reminds us that no set of relationships is ever free from complication and concealment' Spectator'Paula's anguish is beautifully captured, as is her tenderness towards her loved ones' Mail on Sunday	2010	Picador USA						ZZZ000000
9780330469685	Breath	Tim Winton		Filled with the lyrical genius that has earned Winton international acclaim and a loyal readership worldwide, BREATH is the coming-of-age story of two thrill-seeking boys who surf for danger of all kinds on the untamed coast of Western Australia. As the two boys fall under the thrall of Sando, a veteran big-wave surfer, and his enigmatic wife, Eva, the two adults initiate the boys into forbidden worlds of peril, testing the boundaries of athleticism, friendship, sexuality and mortality. BREATH is a story about the wildness of youth - the lust for excitement and terror, the determination to be extraordinary, the wounds that heal and those that don't - and about learning to live with its passing.	2009-04-20	Centraal Boekhuis						ZZZ000000
9780330305730	The bonfire of the vanities	Tom Wolfe		Skånselsløs satire over den amerikanske skinverden, som medierne og magthaverne i fællesskab har skabt. Baggrunden er New York, og hovedpersonen er en ung børsmægler, der tilfældigt bliver offer for systemet.	1990	Picador						ZZZ000000
9780330243155	The new journalism	Tom Wolfe&Edward Warren Johnson		Tom Wolfe introduces a wide range of journalistic reportage by writers including Truman Capote, Terry Southern, George Plimpton, Norman Mailer and Hunter S. Thompson.	1975	Picador						ZZZ000000
9781847392077	The First Family,Terror, Extortion and the Birth of the American Mafia	Mike Dash		Before Al Capone and Lucky Luciano, there was the one-fingered, cunning Giuseppe Morello and his murderous coterie of brothers. Had it not been for Morello, the world may never have heard of 'men of honour', the code of omerta or Mafia wars. This explosive book tells the story of the first family of New York, and how this extended close-knit clan of racketeers and murderers left the backwaters of Sicily to successfully establish themselves as the founding godfathers of the New World. First Family will explain in thrilling, characterful detail how the American Mafia established itself so successfully. Combining strong narrative and raw violence - set against the raucous bustle of early twentieth-century New York, and the impoverished rural life of nineteenth-century Sicily - this impeccably researched, groundbreaking study of a crucial period of American history is a compelling portrait of the early years of organised crime.	2010	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9780743450621	Wild blue,741 squadron - on a wing and a prayer over occupied Europe	Stephen E. Ambrose		Stephen E. Ambrose is the acknowledged dean of the historians of World War II in Europe. The very young men who flew the B-24s over Germany in World War II against terrible odds were an exceptional band of brothers, and, in "The Wild Blue," Ambrose recounts their unique brand of heroism, skill, daring, and comradeship with vivid detail and affection. Ambrose describes how the Army Air Forces recruited, trained, and then chose those few who would undertake the most de-manding and dangerous jobs in the war. These are the boys -- turned pilots, bombardiers, navigators, and gunners of the B-24s -- who suffered over 50 percent casualties. With his remarkable gift for bringing alive the action and tension of combat, Ambrose carries us along in the crowded, uncomfortable, and dangerous B-24s as their crews fought to the death through thick black smoke and deadly flak to reach their targets and destroy the German war machine. Many went down in flames.	2002	Simon & Schuster						ZZZ000000
9781847393340	The Secrets We Keep	Colette Caddle		Four years ago Erin Joyce left Dublin under a cloud and bought a guesthouse in the remote, beautiful village of Dunbarra. The Gatehouse attracts a strange clutch of guests who, once ensconced, never want to leave. There's Hazel, a shy artist, and her sweet, silent daughter Gracie. Sandra, a brash American, wants to know everything about everyone. Then there's wise old easy-going PJ, who's seemingly part of the furniture. But Erin's fragile happiness is thrown off-balance by the arrival of A-list Hollywood actor Sebastian Grey. Erin finds herself drawn to this handsome enigmatic man, who used to walk with a swagger but now prowls the country lanes with haunted eyes. What trauma could have brought about this devastating change? Sebastian isn't the only one in the Gatehouse with a secret. Why is Hazel cast so adrift? Where does PJ go each week without fail, and what really brought Sandra to Dunbarra? As Erin finds herself embroiled in her guests' secrets she starts to ask herself: will she be ready to reveal her own?	2010	POCKET BOOKS						ZZZ000000
9780671037369	The food pharmacy,dramatic new evidence that food is your best medicine	Jean Carper		Onion as a heart drug? Broccoli to prevent cancer? Garlic to prevent blood clots? The Food Pharmacy shows how simple foods, consumed by us all, can be used in the fight against ill-health. Once considered folklore, the discoveries being pioneered by our leading scientists are proving that food is our largest and most complex pharmacy. Jean Carper outlines how each food behaves as a drug and how best to use them. Eating cabbage, raw or cooked, only once a week may cut your chances of colon cancer by sixty-six percent; honey helps heal wounds and is also an effective cure for diarrhoea. Brimming with important revelations and practical advice, The Food Pharmacy takes the most healthful and healing foods available in your local supermarket and shows us how we can take charge of our health.	2000-05-02	Pocket						ZZZ000000
9780671037352	Food,your miracle medicine : how food can prevent and treat over 100 symptoms and problems	Jean Carper		Food: Your Miracle Medicine is a book which everyone should own. Jean Carper first explained the potential of food to prevent and treat numerous diseases in her classic The Food Pharmacy and in The Food Pharmacy Cookbook. But it was with Food: Your Miracle Medicine that she has made a quantum leap in her revelations about the power of food. Over 100 symptoms and conditions from a minor stuffy nose to a potentially fatal cancer are covered in this authoritative and easy-to-follow A-Z self-help guide.	2000-05-02	Pocket						ZZZ000000
9781847396426	The Crucifix Killer	Chris Carter		In a derelict cottage in L.A, a young woman is found savagely murdered. Naked, strung from two wooden posts, the skin has been ripped from her face - while she was still alive. On the nape of her neck is carved a strange double-cross: the signature of a psychopath known as the Crucifix Killer. But that's not possible. Because, two years ago, the Crucifix Killer was caught and executed. Could this be the work of a copycat? Or is Homicide Detective Robert Hunter forced to face the unthinkable? Is the real Crucifix Killer still out there, taunting Hunter with his inability to catch him? Robert Hunter and his rookie partner are about to enter a nightmare beyond imagining ...	2010	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781847391049	Hello, I Must Be Going,Groucho and His Friends	Charlotte Chandler		{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}} \viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang2057\fs18 W\fs20 hen Groucho Marx was well into his eighties, Charlotte Chandler approached him about writing a profile of him for a magazine. Groucho invited Charlotte to meet and that meeting grew into a friendship that lasted until Groucho's death in August 1977. Groucho was surrounded by a group of friends - some old timers like George Burns and Jack Benny - some younger comedians, like Woody Allen, who revered Groucho. Charlotte was present for most of these meetings and these conversations form the basis of HELLO, I MUST BE GOING. Some are hilarious, some are poignant, all of them are fascinating. \par If you ever wondered what it was like to spend some time with Groucho Marx, one of the wittiest men ever, this is your book. \par \par }	2007-08-20	Pocket Books						ZZZ000000
9781849830102	An Angel Healed Me,True Stories of Heavenly Encounters	Theresa Cheung		Theresa Cheung is an expert in the field of angels and divine healing. This, her latest collection of amazing true stories, focuses on the physical and emotional help people have experienced from unexplained or ethereal sources at times when they have been at their most vulnerable. With chapters such as 'Manifest a Miracle' and 'An Angel at My Bedside', the book tells of remarkable incidents where angels have appeared in hospital wards, at difficult births, during near-death experiences, and when someone actually dies, easing their journey from the corporeal to the spirit world. The common thread running through all these miraculous stories of healing from the inside out is that every angelic encounter provided the recipient with a strength, courage and a power they never knew they had.	2010-05-03	POCKET BOOKS						ZZZ000000
9781847391568	Resistance	Matthew Cobb			2010	POCKET BOOKS						HIS000000
9780743416016	Shadowmasque	Michael Cobley		300 years after the end of the Great Shadowking War, evil is seeping out into the world once more. Emperor Magramon is dead and his only son, Ilgarion, will finally ascend to the Khatrimantine throne, guided by the Archmage Tangaroth and protected by the Iron Guard. But dark undercurrents are moving beneath the surface of life in Sejeend, the imperial capital, and the agents of an old and malign power are plotting and waiting. Only the Order of Watchers, a band of renegade mages, has any inkling of what is afoot and their investigations lead to grotesque and violent confrontations. But Ilgarion is obsessed with the empire's enemies, imagined or otherwise, and his pursuit of them can only bring about turmoil. Into this web of uncertainty Corlek Ondene, former captain of the Iron Guard, unknowingly walks and sets in motion a string of clashing events. Can Tashil, Dardan, the Countess Ayoni, and the other Watcher mages, root out the source of evil before its terrifying hunger is set loose? And can the poet Calabos, elderly leader of the Watchers, keep his real identity a secret through all the nightmarish encounters he will undergo? For the faces of Night dance with the faces of Day, but the weaver of Fate dances alone.	2006-08-07	Pocket						FIC009000
9781847396709	By the Sword	Richard Cohen			2010	POCKET BOOKS						HIS000000
9781847393081	Poor Little Bitch Girl	Jackie Collins			2010	Simon + Schuster UK						FIC027000
9780743408851	Seven habits of highly effective people	Stephen R. Covey			1999	Pocket Books						ZZZ000000
9781416511250	The Mercy of Thin Air	Ronlyn Domingue		Two strands: first the story of Razi Nolan, growing up in New Orleans in the 1920s, smart, fearless, set on breaking the comfortable family mould by making a career as a doctor. Then she falls in love with Andrew O'Connell and her plans become complicated. She is never able to tell Andrew what she has decided about her future as, one summer morning, she accidentally drowns. By choice, and from where she narrates, she stays between this world and the unknown; every memory of her life remains perfectly intact. More than seventy years later, Razi finds Andrew's once-treasured bookcase at a garage sale. She watches a young couple take it home, Amy and Scott, burdened with secrets of their own. As their once close relationship unravels, Razi remembers her past with Andrew and how she comes to understand what their love ultimately taught her, how he coped after her death, and how the story of Amy and Scott reflects so much of her own.	2006-08-31	Simon + Schuster Uk						ZZZ000000
9781847395214	The Longshot	Katie Kitamura		Cal was the one. The kid had everything a fighter needed and if he didn't become a champion then Riley would have no one to blame but himself... Cal and his long-standing friend and trainer Riley are on their way to Mexico for a make-or-break rematch with the legendary Rivera, who has never been beaten. Four years ago, Cal became the only fighter to ever take Rivera the distance, even though it nearly ended him. Only Riley, who has been at his side for the last ten years, knows how much that fight changed everything for Cal. And only Riley really knows what's now at stake, for both of them...	2010-08-01	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781847390417	The Book of Love	Kathleen McGowan			2010-02	Simon + Schuster UK						FIC030000
9780671015817	Further along the road less traveled,the unending journey toward spiritual growth : the edited lectures	Morgan Scott Peck			1997-09-01	Pocket Books						ZZZ000000
9781847394262	Little Daughter	Zoya Phan&DAMIEN LEWIS			2010	POCKET BOOKS						BIO000000
9781847372628	Achieving the Impossible	LEWIS GORDON PUGH			2009-11-01	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781847393104	Bloodprint	Kitty Sewell		Following a devastating tragedy that claimed the life of her husband, Madeleine Frank has fled the Florida Keys for the safe surroundings of Bath. But as a psychotherapist trying to help patients heal after traumatic events, she knows only too well that it's impossible to recover from some losses. Just as she's starting to forget the scars of her past, Madeleine is thrown off-balance by the arrival of a new patient. Sensing something familiar in this damaged and hostile woman, Madeleine is disturbed to discover that strains of her patient's childhood eerily echo her own darkest secret. The increasingly complex relationship between Madeleine and her client, Rachel, will unleash a terrifying series of events which neither could have predicted - and which neither can control. And at the heart of the terror lies the fate of a child.	2010-06-01	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781849830188	Talking to Zeus,My Year in a Greek Garden	Jane Shaw		Jane Shaw was working as a volunteer in Chelsea's famous Physic Garden when she earned a placement to work for a year on a very special organic garden in Greece. But this was to be no easy-going break in the Mediterranean. The five-acre plot, which Jane swiftly named 'Alcatraz', was devoid of creature comforts, perched on a steep, remote hillside that was blindingly hot in summer and freezing in winter, and overseen by a 74-year-old, passionate, mercurial eccentric English lady called Joy. On arrival, Jane is immediately drawn into the intrigue of village life, such as the ongoing feud with the nouveau riche ex-pat neighbour with a sports car, whom Joy suspects has dug an illegal bore hole to water his terraced lawns. But most of all she is beguiled by the vibrant energy of the landscape, the folklore, the food and the numerous engaging characters who flock to Joy as the wise matriarch of the locale. The story arcs through a year of seasons in the garden as Jane learns to love its wild beauty and to relish the hard work and care it needs. This is a charming, wildly entertaining and joyful portrait of a very special place, and will appeal to anyone who loves gardening, or who has enjoyed books such as Driving Over Lemons.	2010-05-27	POCKET BOOKS						ZZZ000000
9781847390592	Speak No Evil	Martyn Waites		Anne Marie Smeaton is back in her hometown, trying to live a normal life with her partner and teenage son. But that's impossible for Anne Marie, because 40 years ago, when she was eleven, she killed a little boy. She is trying to make peace by telling her story to journalist Joe Donovan. But by dredging up repressed memories, Anne Marie is unleashing old nightmares. Suffering from horrifying visions, she sometimes does things she has no memory of afterwards, So when a teenager on her estate is murdered and she wakes up with blood on her hands, Anne Marie naturally fears the worst. Desperate, she turns to Donovan for help. But Donovan may have his own reasons for helping her...	2009-07-07	Pocket Books						ZZZ000000
9781847392114	Bushisms: The Farewell Tour	Jacob Weisberg		{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}} \viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang2057\f0\fs20 "This business about graceful exit just simply has no realism to it at all." Let the nostalgia begin: we may never see words from the White House quite like these, ever again. \par \par "I think-tide turning-see, as I remember-I was raised in the desert, but tides kind of-it's easy to see a tide turn-did I say those words?" \par \par Ah, yes. And we'll miss them when you're gone, Mr. President. Here's the last chance to collect pearls of accidental wit: \par \par "One has a stronger hand when there's more people playing your same cards." \par \par "And I suspect that what you'll see, Toby, is there will be a momentum, momentum will be gathered. Houses will begat jobs, jobs will begat houses." \par \par "We shouldn't fear a world that is more interacted."\f1\fs18 \fs20 \par \par \i Bushisms: The Farewell Tour \i0 is readers' last chance to join the fun in this lasting testimony to the power of the mismangled English language.\fs18 \par }	2007-11-17	POCKET BOOKS						HUM006000
9781849831581	Day by Day Armageddon	J. L. Bourne		May 16th. 1201 hrs. We are now under siege. Beyond the silo access doors, we have a small army of beaten and battered undead to contend with. They only want one thing... Day by Day Armageddon is the handwritten journal of one man and his struggle for survival. Trapped in the midst of global disaster, he must make decisions that could mean life, or which could condemn him eternally to walk as one of them. Enter, if you dare, into his world. The world of the undead.	2010-06-24	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781416577348	Where Are You Now?	Mary Higgins Clark			2009-01	Simon + Schuster Inc.						ZZZ000000
9781847393234	The Reluctant Hero	Michael Dobbs		When Harry Jones discovers that former friend Zac Kravitz's life is in danger, a debt of honour sends him on a perilous rescue mission to Ta'argistan, a mountainous and landlocked former Soviet republic bordering Russia, China and Afghanistan. Muscling his way onto a delegation of MPs who happen to be paying the state a visit, Harry finds an unlikely ally in the stubbornly independent Martha, and together they devise a plan to break Zac out of the grim prison Bodima. But when the attempt backfires and he finds himself stuck in prison in Zac's place, little by little Harry realises that all is not as it seemed and that he has been lured into a web of international conspiracy.	2010	Pocket Books - Uk						ZZZ000000
9781416577430	Charley's Web	Joy Fielding			2008-01-01	Simon + Schuster Inc.						FIC000000
9781847399830	The Red Dahlia	Lynda La Plante		Anna Travis and James Langton return, and must work together to capture one of the most terrifying killers they have ever encountered. A young girl is found dumped on the banks of the Thames. Horrifically mutilated and drained of blood, her death is an ominous mirror image of an unsolved 1940s case in Los Angeles known as 'The Black Dahlia'. Detective Inspector Anna Travis must race against time to catch this copycat killer, dubbed 'The Red Dahlia' from the flower his victim wore in her hair. But there are no suspects and a media frenzy is spiralling out of control. Anna turns to her mentor, the volatile Detective Chief Inspector James Langton, but the frictions of their romantic relationship are complicating the case. As Anna and Langton close in on the prime suspect, they uncover a shocking web of sadistic sexual evil - and a family's murderous secrets...	2010-01-07	POCKET BOOKS						FIC030000
9781847399397	Bad Day in Blackrock	Kevin Power		On a late August night a young man is kicked to death outside a Dublin nightclub and celebration turns to devastation. The reverberations of that event, its genesis and aftermath, are the subject of this extraordinary story, stripping away the veneer of a generation of Celtic cubs, whose social and sexual mores are chronicled and dissected in this tract for our times. The victim, Conor Harris, his killers - three of them are charged with manslaughter - and the trial judge share common childhoods and schooling in the privileged echelons of south Dublin suburbia. The intertwining of these lives leaves their afflicted families in moral free fall as public exposure merges with private anguish and imploded futures.	2010	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781847396358	Daughter of Dust,Growing Up an Outcast in the Desert of Sudan	Wendy Wallace		Leila understands from early on that she is not part of normal Sudanese society. Her mother cannot care for her, so she is banished to a strict orphanage, along with other children born outside marriage. At school, Leila and her best friend Amal are called 'daughters of sin'. Her pretty sister, Zulima, is married off to a much older man, while the nannies say an abandoned girl is lucky to get an offer of marriage at all. At the age of ten, both Leila and Amal endure female circumcision. Despite appalling prejudice Leila remains outgoing and brave and manages to get an education. She goes on to marry, have four children, and divorce, yet even grown up she continues to know the stigma of being abandoned. Undaunted, she founds her own charity to help those shunned as outcasts and continues to work tirelessly today to dispel prejudice. This beautifully written memoir perfectly evokes the heat and colour of the North African desert and tells of the strengths and friendships that are born out of adversity.	2010	Simon & Schuster, Limited						BIO000000
9781848090514	Gutted	Tony Black		When the gangland owner of a pit bull that killed a three-year-old girl is found gutted on an Edinburgh hill Gus Dury is asked to investigate, and soon finds himself up to his neck in the warring underworld of the city s sink estates. Amidst illegal dog fights, a missing 50 grand and a police force and judiciary desperate to cover their links to a brutal killing, Gus must work fast to root out the truth, whilst the case sinks its teeth ever deeper into him.	2009-06-04	Random House						FIC000000
9781862309456	Dinosaur Chase!	Benedict Blathwayt		Fin is a dinosaur unlike any other teased for his spindly little legs, bony tail and feeble fluffy arms. But despite his odd appearance, when a gang of four big, bullying dinosaurs chase him into the woods, Fin outwits them one by one. All except the meanest, fiercest dinosaur of all who follows him right to the top of the mountain, where Fin takes a giant leap of faith and discovers . . . HE CAN FLY!Comes with a story CD read by Kevin Whately, complete with music and sound effects.	2010-08-24	Random House						JUV002060
9780091920692	Untitled Airports/Export	Janelle Brown		Claudia and Jeremy are a young, bohemian couple with a case of real estate fever. With the assistance of an adjustable rate mortgage they've just purchased their first home and they world is their oyster. But this is summer 2008, and the credit crunch is round the corner. In a matter of weeks Claudia's film becomes a box-office flop, Jeremy's band stalls and - worst of all - they find themselves unable to pay the mortgage, with the bank threatening repossession. The life they've been dreaming of comes tumbling down around them. Claudia takes a teaching job in attempt to placate the bank, and suddenly everything their relationship has been built on looks precarious. Jeremy sees her 'selling out' as a betrayal of their bohemian values, and when his glamorous ex-girlfriend Aoki, a famous painter, returns to LA, Claudia starts to realise that her relationship is in danger of disintegrating unless she does something to save it.	2010-08-02	Random House						FIC000000
9781400062942	Nuclear showdown,North Korea takes on the world	Gordon G. Chang		“If we lose, I will destroy the world,” said Kim Jong Il, supreme leader of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. Kim’s regime insults all of us. Its very existence is an affront to humanity’s sense of decency and challenges accepted notions of politics, economics, and social theory. More important, North Korea threatens us.The Great Leader, as Kim now calls himself, can change the course of history with an act of unimaginable devastation. He possesses an arsenal of nuclear weapons and the ballistic missiles to deliver them. Today he can hit most of the continent of Asia and even parts of the American homeland. In a few years–probably by the end of this decade–the diminutive despot will cast his shadow across the globe: He will be able to land a nuke on any point on the planet. Even now, everyone is at risk. North Korea has said it might sell weapons to others, thereby making itself the first “nuclear Kmart.” Who wants to live in a world where anyone with enough cash and a pickup truck can incinerate a city?For six decades, America has tried every tactic to stop Kim’s Korea, but it has failed each time. The current approach–providing aid and assurances of security in return for an end to weapons programs–mimics the failed diplomacy of the 1990s. Negotiations, sponsored by China, have yet to produce an enduring solution. Unfortunately, Kim has paid no price for destabilizing the global order. In fact, many countries, including America, reward him for his fundamental challenge to the international system. Perhaps that is why the world is now further away from a solution to the Korean nuclear crisis than it was a decade ago. In a contest that will be decided by finesse more than power, Kim is winning. If he ultimately prevails–and time is running out for Washington–his success will probably result in a quick erosion of American power. The world’s strongest nation does not have much of a future if it cannot defend its most vital interests against a reviled autocrat like Kim from a small country like North Korea.The current conflict with Kim Jong Il is a crisis like no other, perhaps the twenty-first century’s moment of greatest consequence. This is where the world writes its history for the next hundred years. Nuclear Showdown is the first and only major study to look at all dimensions of this crisis. Gordon G. Chang proposes solutions that go beyond the conventional suggestions seen elsewhere.	2006	Random House						ZZZ000000
9780224079204	Epileptic	David B		The Most Acclaimed European Graphic Novel Of The Last Ten Years, Epileptic Is David B.'S Story Of His Brother'S Battle With Epilepsy - But It Turns Into A Penetrating And Sometimes Lacerating Self- Examination On The Author'S Part, As He Delves Into His Own Complex Emotions And His Family'S Troubled History, As Well As His Own Youthful Fantasy Life. Particularly Pointed Is His Description Of The Family Journey From One Attempted Cure To Another, Including Acupuncture, Spiritualism And Macrobiotics. David B.'S Drawing Is Utterly Extraordinary, Balancing Literal Representation And Expressionist Psychological Distortion.	2006-03-01	Jonathan Cape						ZZZ000000
9781862303522	The Spook's Sacrifice	Joseph Delaney		As the Spook s apprentice Tom s first duty is to protect the County from the dark. But now Mam needs his help in her homeland of Greece. One of the most dangerous of the old gods, the Ordeen, is about to return there, bringing slaughter and devastation. Meanwhile, the Devil himself is still loose and if he and the Ordeen join forces, a new age of darkness will descend. Mam has summoned a powerful group to her side but among them are Tom s old enemy, the Pendle witches, including the assassin Grimalkin, and the cunning clan leader Mab Moldheel. Can Tom go against all the Spook has taught him and ally himself to the witches? What is the secret that Mam is keeping from him? And what sacrifices must be made in the battle against the dark?	2010	Transworld Publ. Ltd UK						ZZZ000000
9780224080620	The deportees and other stories	Roddy Doyle		For the past few years Roddy Doyle has been writing stories for IMetro Eireann/I, a newspaper started by, and aimed at, immigrants to Ireland. Each of the stories took a new slant on the immigrant experience, something of increasing relevance and importance in today's Ireland. The stories range from 'Guess Who's Coming to the Dinner', where a father who prides himself on his open-mindedness when his daughters talk about sex, is forced to confront his feelings when one of them brings home a black fella, to a terrifying ghost story, 'The Pram', in which a Polish nanny grows impatient with her charge's older sisters and decides in a phrase she has learnt to 'scare them shitless'. Most of the stories are very funny in '57% Irish' Ray Brady tries to devise a test of Irishness by measuring reactions to Robbie Keane's goal against Germany in the 2002 World Cup, IRiverdance/I and 'Danny Boy' others deeply moving. And best of all, in the title story itself,Jimmy Rabbitte, the man who formed The Commitments, decides it's time to find a new band, and this time no White Irish need apply. Multicultural to a fault, The Deportees specialise not in soul music this time, but the songs of Woody Guthrie.	2007	Jonathan Cape						ZZZ000000
9780224083195	We Were Young and Carefree	Laurent Fignon		'One of the most charismatic and flamboyant cyclists in recent history' Daily Telegraph Laurent Fignon is one of the giants of modern cycling. Twice-winner of the Tour de France in the early eighties, Fignon became the star for a new generation. In 1989 he took part in one of the most fiercely-contested Tours of all time. Over the course of 3,285 kilometres he lost out to his American arch-rival, Greg LeMond, by an agonising eight seconds on the final Parisian time trial. Fignon does not mince his words. In this forthright and unflinching account the former champion spares neither friends nor opponents, nor even his own image. In doing so he gives cycling fans a tantalising glimpse of what really went on behind the scenes of this epic sport u the friendships, the rivalries, the betrayals, the scheming, the parties, the girls, and, of course, the performance-enhancing drugs. Laurent Fignon lived cycling at its peak. He enjoyed a truly exceptional career, winning over eighty titles from 1982 to 1993. The highs were matched by lows of serious injury, periods of self-doubt, and accusations of cheating. Fignon's story bestrides a golden age in cycling: a time before the scandals and the shadow of doping, a time when cyclists were afraid of nothing.	2010-07-15	Random House						SPO000000
9780091906139	My Life So Far	Jane Fonda		'There are always regrets in life, among them things we've done that we wish we could take back and erase. I have significant ones that will haunt me forever and which I hope I have been brave enough to confront in this book.'So says Jane Fonda in the preface to My Life So Far, a powerful account of an extraordinary woman. Oscar winner, controversial political activist, groundbreaking fitness guru, wife, mother, lover, philanthropist - just some of the roles Fonda is known for. Born into Hollywood aristocracy in 1937, her childhood was marked with unhappiness and tragedy. Her relationship with her father Henry Fonda was never loving even though she followed his profession, studying acting as a teenager with Lee Strasberg in New York, then living in Paris. Her subsequent roles earned her numerous nominations and awards, including two Oscars for Klute and Coming Home. As a film producer her credits include Nine to Five and On Golden Pond, but in the 1980s she revolutionised the fitness industry with a series of workout videos. Her political protests against the Vietnam War caused much controversy in the States, and she continues to be an active advocate on environmental issues, human rights and the empowerment of women and girls. The flowering of her feminism in the second half of her life proves that Jane Fonda, perhaps more than any other, is a spokesperson for women of her times.In this candid book, written by Fonda herself, there are messages for women of all ages as she holds a mirror up to her own life but lets us see ours reflected there. Now in her 60s, Fonda looks back over her life but also looks forward to the future. With unflinching honesty she addresses, amongst other things, her tragic relationship with her mother; her tortured one with her father; her lovers and husbands, from Roger Vadim to Ted Turner; her passions and political views. The result is rare in its readability and sheer page-turning force.Jane Fonda is an utterly unique woman and this is a once-in-a-lifetime read.	2006	Ebury						ZZZ000000
9781849390477	Dinosaur Time	Michael Foreman		It all started with the new egg timer. It was round, looked like a spaceship and it was magnetic. Tom pressed the blue button and, with a Whizz! and a Bang! he was transported across a zillion days and a zillion nights, back into Dinosaur Time!	2010-08-24	Andersen						ZZZ000000
9780812967630	Blood of Victory.	Alan Furst		In the autumn of 1940, Russian émigré journalist I. A. Serebin is recruited in Istanbul by an agent of the British secret services for a clandestine operation to stop German importation of Romanian oil - a last desperate attempt to block Hitler’s conquest	2003-01-01	Random House						ZZZ000000
9781842709474	The Grump	Sarah Garson		A humorous snapshot of family life from the highly talented author and illustrator of Daydream Dan. The Grump is very scary -- he leaves a mess wherever he goes, gobbles up everything in sight, and has a deep, rumbling growl. But he may turn out to be not such a scary monster after all. . . . "From the Hardcover edition."	2009-09-22	Andersen						JUV000000
9780434018482	All the Sad Young Literary Men	Keith Gessen		A charming yet scathing portrait of young adulthood at the opening of the twenty-first century, All the Sad Young Literary Men charts the lives of Sam, Mark, and Keith, as they overthink their college years, underthink their love lives, and struggle through the encouragement of the women who love and despise them to find a semblance of maturity, responsibility, and even literary fame. Heartbroken in his university town, Mark tries to focus his attention on his graduate work concerning Russian revolt, only to be lured again and again to the free pornography on the library computers. Sam binds himself to the task of crafting the first great Zionist epic even though he speaks no Hebrew, has never visited Israel, and is not a practicing Jew. Keith, thwarted by inherited notions of greatness and memories of his broken family, finds solace in the arms of the selfless woman who most reminds him of his past. At every turn, at each character s misstep, All the Sad Young Literary Men radiates with comedic warmth and biting honesty and signals the arrival of a brave and trenchant new writer.	2008	William Heinemann						ZZZ000000
9781862306622	You Do!	Kes Gray&Nick Sharratt		Daisy's mum tells her: 'Don't pick your nose!''You do!' says Daisy, pointing out the time mum was picking her nose on the way to Gran's. And each time Mum tries to reprimand Daisy for a bad habit, Daisy has an example of when Mum did it, too. If you liked Eat Your Peas and Really, Really, you will love this book!	2010-07-01	Random House						ZZZ000000
9780852652169	The Guardian University Guide 2011	Guardian		Which is the best university for me?How do I go about choosing a course?When will I need to start filling out my application?How much will my degree cost?If you're thinking of applying to university and have more questions than answers, The Guardian University Guide is the book for you. Fully revised and updated, it has all the information you need to make the right decisions about your degree.- Profiles of more than 150 universities and higher education colleges in the UK- Unique Guardian subject ratings that include data from the National Student Survey, telling you what students really think of their course- No-nonsense advice on the whole process, from requesting your first prospectus to meeting UCAS deadlines- A dedicated finance chapter that details not only what you can expect to pay but also the help that is available through grants, bursaries and awardsPacked full of the things you really need to know, The Guardian University Guide is essential reading for every would-be student.	2010	Random House						ZZZ000000
9780099433095	Ella's Big Chance,A Fairy Tale Retold	Shirley Hughes		Winner of the Kate Greenaway Medal - a spectacular re-telling of Cinderella from one of the world's best-loved author/illustrators Mr Cinders was a dressmaker, with a shop in town. After his wife died, he was left to bring up their daughter, Ella, on his own. They lived happily until Mr Cinders married again. Poor Ella was treated horribly by her stepmother and two bullying stepsisters, but found solace in her friend, Buttons. One day, everyone except Ella is invited to a grand ball given by the Duchess of Arc for her handsome son. But, on this very special evening there is more than a little magic in the air... This outstanding re-telling of the Cinderella story is set in the 1920s, and the paintings feature Shirley Hughes's own costume designs, inspired by the great French couturiers of the period. A delightful, surprise ending completes this enchanting, imaginative adaptation.	2005-04-07	Red Fox						ZZZ000000
9781849920551	White Time	Margo Lanagan&Margo		Time out of time, people call it., but they're wrong. It's all time, like white light is all colours, or white noise is all pitches of noise coming at you together.In this transcendent collection of short stories, Lanagan deftly navigates a new set of worlds in which the boundaries between reality and possibility are paper-thin . . . and sometimes disappear altogether. Prepare to be unsettled, intrigued and dazzled by what a master storyteller can do in a few short pages.	2010	RHCB						ZZZ000000
9781847945518	Perfect Presentations	Andrew Leigh&Michael Maynard		A useful guide for anyone preparing to speak in public,Perfect Presentationsexplains how to plan and structure talks, offers tips on conquering nerves, and gives suggestions for the most effective way to deliver material. It is indispensable for both beginners and seasoned professionals.	2009-04-21	Random House						ZZZ000000
9780812978735	The Castle in the Forest	Norman Mailer				Random House Inc.						ZZZ000000
9781846550317	Kennedy's brain	Henning Mankell		When archaeologist Louise Cantor's son Henrik is found dead in his flat, she refuses to believe it was suicide. Despite traces of sleeping tablets in his system, several clues that only a mother knows lead her to believe something more sinister took place. However Louise soon realises that Henrik had kept many things back from her and is shocked to learn he had contracted HIV. While looking through his bundles of papers, she discovers he was obsessed with the conspiracy theory that JFK's brain disappeared prior to the autopsy along with the vital evidence regarding bullet exit wounds. The only lead is a letter and photograph from Henrik's girlfriend in Mozambique. Louise's quest to unravel the mystery surrounding her son's death takes her to Africa; a continent rife with disease, poverty and corruption. Struggling to cope the oppressive heat and sickness, Louise sees fear in every face, even unexpectedly in the clinics set up by an American businessman. In Kennedy's Brain Mankell confirms his status as a master of suspense, and delivers a timely and riveting thriller which will have readers on the edge their seats until the very end.	2007	Harvill Secker						ZZZ000000
9781842708392	Elmer and Grandpa Eldo	David McKee		Elmer is on his way to visit his Grandpa Eldo. He has great fun reminding Eldo of all the things they used to do together, but is Eldo quite as forgetful as Elmer thinks? He may be old but he is an elephant after all. And elephants never forget. Do they?	2010-08-24	Andersen						JUV000000
9780091928575	The Runaway Wife	Susy McPhee		In this poignant yet darkly witty novel, Marion Bishop’s life has fallen apart and she has begun to contemplate the unthinkable. But it’s while being mugged that she realizes she’s perhaps not quite so ready to die as she’d thought: an awkward realization when you have a knife at your throat.	2009-10-27	Ebury Press						ZZZ000000
9781842709436	Bedtime Without Arthur	Jessica Meserve		Bella has a very special bear named Arthur. He is brave and strong, and knows karate, so he can protect her from monsters at night, while she is asleep. One night, Arthur goes missing. Everyone searches high and low, but he is nowhere to be found, and now Bella can't sleep for fear the monsters will get her. When she runs to her baby brother's room in the middle of the night, she spots a furry nose poking out of his cot. It's Arthur! Bella is so angry with her brother, that she takes Arthur back. But will she really leave her little brother on his own with the monsters, or will she be a brave and kind older sister, and learn to overcome her fears?	2010-08-24	Andersen						ZZZ000000
9781846552205	What I Talk About When I Talk About Running	Haruki Murakami		In 1982, having sold his jazz bar to devote himself to writing, Murakami began running to keep fit. A year later, he d completed a solo course from Athens to Marathon, and now, after dozens of such races, not to mention triathlons and a slew of critically acclaimed books, he reflects upon the influence the sport has had on his life and on his writing. Equal parts travelogue, training log, and reminiscence, this revealing memoir covers his four-month preparation for the 2005 New York City Marathon and settings ranging from Tokyo s Jingu Gaien gardens, where he once shared the course with an Olympian, to the Charles River in Boston among young women who outpace him. Through this marvellous lens of sport emerges a cornucopia of memories and insights: the eureka moment when he decided to become a writer, his greatest triumphs and disappointments, his passion for vintage LPs, and the experience, after fifty, of seeing his race times improve and then fall back. By turns funny and sobering, playful and philosophical, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running is rich and revealing, both for fans of this masterful yet private writer and for the exploding population of athletes who find similar satisfaction in distance running.	2008-08-07	Harvill Secker						ZZZ000000
9788184000726	Femina Handy Hints	Femina		Put too much salt in your soup?Got an ugly stain on your favourite white dress?Want to fix scratches on your furniture?Handy Hints is a collection of useful, practical and everyday tips from Femina s longenduring and popular column. It offers effective solutions to annoying problems thatstumble our way without a warning in our daily lives and need instant uncomplicatedsolutions. A homemaker s ultimate friend, it gives you creative and simple ideas to:" Turn your ordinary tawa into a non-stick one" Remove rust, grease, ink, mud or paan stains from clothes" Prevent your razors from rusting" Clean a dog s or cat s hair from your blanket or furnishings" Avoid laugh lines and wrinkles" Fix patchiness from old photographsHandy Hints is packaged to be every homemaker s delight and is a must-have for today surban man and woman. Get your copy today!		Random House Publishers India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780440239963	Eldest	Christopher Paolini		Fantasy-roman. Eragon bliver optaget i Ingeitum-klanen efter at have undsluppet et Urgal-overfald; afsluttet oplæring kan han hjælpe Varden-folket i kampen mod imperiet.	2006	Laurel-Leaf						ZZZ000000
9780099443872	Small Gains	K. M. Peyton		A tragic saga set at the turn of the 18th century; a poverty-stricken family struggles to survive against unimaginable odds. Set just after the Napoleonic wars, Small Gains is the story of Clara, a true heroine who struggles to keep her head above water in a time of poverty and prejudice. Nat, the cruel but incredibly attractive son of the local rich family, turns both Clara and her family's lives upside down, both in the world of racing and in the flushes of first love. And with the threat of tuberculosis hanging over them all, Clara faces up to her extraordinary life and loves with certainty and passion. This is a powerful novel - the story that Jane Austen never told.	2004	Red Fox						ZZZ000000
9780434010578	Revolutionaries,A New History of the Invention of America	Jack Rakove		Rather than simply celebrating the 'triumph of liberty', Jack Rakove's new history of the American Revolution will stress the ambiguous legacy of the revolution, a legacy that ranges from liberty and democracy to slavery. He will explore the complex and contested genesis of the United States, showing how the evolution was by no means inevitable and grew out the actions and interactions of many individuals, both radical and conservative, republicans, moderates and those loyal to the crown. Throughout he will investigate the complex legacy of the Revolution for notions of American nationalism and identity, issues that are all too alive and relevant today.	2010	William Heinemann						ZZZ000000
9781846053535	Rules of Deception	Christopher Reich		August 2008 Buzz Book Doctor Jonathan Ransom thought he knew everything about his wife Emma until she was killed in a tragic skiing accident in the Swiss Alps. They had been married for eight years, eight blissful years in which they had travelled the world together. But the day after her death a mysterious letter addressed to her arrives at their hotel. When he opens it, his beliefs begin to unravel -- fast. . In the envelope is a railway baggage check to a suitcase that reveals an Emma far removed from the down-to-earth nurse who has been his constant and loyal companion all those years. In it he discovers the clues to a double life. Was she having an affair? When is your wife not your wife? And when she is not your wife, who is she? The answers begin right outside the train station where two policeman are waiting - to kill him. There are more answers as Jonathan escapes and the action sweeps him through Switzerland on a quest to discover the truth abut Emma. He is pursued by ruthless killers, entangled in an international conspiracy that touches all the world's Security Services and which will end in a denouement which is as breathtaking as it is totally unexpected.	2008-06-05	Random House						ZZZ000000
9781846053542	Rules of Vengeance	Christopher Reich		It is six months since Jonathan Ransom foiled the attack on an Israeli jet that threatened to plunge the world into war. He has spent the last six months in hiding in South East Asia avoiding having to confront his wife s double life and the lie that was their eight-year marriage. Now Emma has initiated a reconciliation which Ransom reluctantly goes along with. They meet in London and vow to start over with no more secrets between them. But only minutes after they reunite, they bear witness to a terrible act of violence. A band of gunmen ambush a convoy of limousines carrying the U.S. Secretary of State and the Saudi Arabian Oil Minister to a secret meeting. Caught in the midst of the attack, Jonathan and Emma take matters into their own hands. When the violence subsides, the Saudi Minister has been killed, all of the terrorists are dead, and Emma is missing. Despite their actions, Jonathan and Emma fall under suspicion. Pursued by MI5, Jonathan knows that his only path to freedom lies in tracking down his wife. To do so, he must learn once and for all the truth behind her identity, and whether she has renounced her ways as a spy. Or if he, Jonathan Ransom, is the ultimate pawn in a game far beyond his imagining.	2009-08-06	Century						ZZZ000000
9781846053283	Who Dares Wins,Two Brothers. One Mission. And a Whole World of Trouble...	Chris Ryan		Two brothers. One mission. And a whole world of troublea Sam and Jacob Redman. Two brothers, SAS through and through. They fight alongside each other; they watch each other's backs. They are ruthlessly professional in the field of war, fiercely loyal wherever they are. But when Jacob is booted from the Regiment for a moment of madness, he disappears. Not even his family knows where he is, or even if he's still alive. All that is about to change. On his return from a brutal mission in Afghanistan, Sam is ordered to conduct another dangerous operation into an inhospitable part of the world. He soon learns, though, that his unit are not being told everything by their government paymasters; and so he is forced to choose between his duty to the men around him and his loyalty to the brother that he loves. Is Jacob part of a plan that threatens world peace? As the body count rises, only Sam can stop these events from reaching their terrifying conclusion.	2009-11-24	Random House UK						ZZZ000000
9780812975819	Prep	Curtis Sittenfeld			2006-01-01	Random House Inc.						FIC000000
9781845965990	Voices Against War,A Century of Protest	Lyn Smith		Based on nearly 200 personal testimonies from the Imperial War Museum's Collections, this landmark book tells the stories of those of those who participated in anti-war protest from the First World War 1914-18 to the ongoing conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. Voices Against War is a compelling, emotional and very moving human story, essential for understanding war in its entirety.	2010	Mainstream Publishing Company, Limited						ZZZ000000
9780091935207	Healthy Sleep Habits, Happy Twins,A Step-by-Step Programme for Sleep-Training Your Multiples	Marc Weissbluth		With two or more babies to contend with - and half the parental energy to draw on - it's difficult to establish sleep schedules for multiples. But it's essential if the whole family is going to thrive. Healthy Sleep Habits, Happy Twins is a step-by-step programme for sleep training twins and multiples. Introducing new parents to his unique 'sleep training' techniques - a process for instituting a daily routine and teaching infants to soothe themselves - Dr Weissbluth provides the first step-by-step guide to implementing them with more than one baby. This practical and informative guide will: - Explain how fraternal and identical twins may sleep train differently - and what to do about it - Describe ways to get your babies to synchronise their internal clocks and fall asleep at the same time - naturally - Reveal the common mistakes parents of twins make to get their children to sleep Helping the whole family get some much-needed rest, Healthy Sleep Habits, Happy Twins is a lifesaver for sleep-deprived new parents.	2010-08-02	Ebury Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781842708804	Old Dog	Jeanne Willis		You can't teach an old dog new tricks. The Young Pups don't want to visit Grandpa he is so boring, and only ever wants to talk about the olden days. They don't believe Grandpa was ever young or fun, so Grandpa sets out to prove them wrong, and show them that there is life in the old dog yet! From the Hardcover edition.	2010-02-04	Andersen						JUV000000
9780434020829	Savages	Don Winslow		Part-time environmentalist and philanthropist Ben and his ex-mercenary buddy Chon run an independent Laguna Beach-based marijuana operation, reaping significant profits from an established clientele. But they may have come up against something that they can't handle - the Mexican Baja Cartel wants in, and saying no is unacceptable. When they refuse to back down, the cartel kidnaps Ophelia, the boys' playmate and confidante. They agree to pay the exorbitant ransom, but hatch an alternate plan to get her back, get revenge, and then disappear.	2010	Random House						FIC002000
9781862308336	George, the Dragon and the Princess	Chris Wormell		The captivating follow-up story to the much-loved classic George and the Dragon Far, far away over the high, high mountains in an old castle wall, in a tiny, tiny hole there lives a little mouse called George. He's very small and rather timid and he can be a bit clumsy too. But when a huge and terrifying dragon attacks the castle, George springs into action. Because, as fans of George and the Dragon know, George has a very special talent.	2009-09-22	RED FOX						ZZZ000000
9780753522547	Confidence in a Minute	Tony Wrighton		Youre about to discover the key to instant confidence. Offering quick-fix confidence boosts based on the principles of NLP (Neuro-Linguistic Programming), this easy-to-use, down-to-earth guide will enable you to overcome the key barriers to confidence that can affect all areas of your work and personal life, from big presentations to awkward social situations. Youll discover how to: -visualise success (rather than failure)-master body language-prepare effectively (rather than exhaustively) -harnass your nerves, and much, much more. With Tony Wrighton's help youll feel more confident in minutes, not weeks or months.	2010	Virgin Books Limited						PSY000000
9781847945570	Perfect Relaxation	Elaine Van Der Zeil		An invaluable guide to learning how to remain calm and powerful in challenging situations, the guide covers everything from focusing the mind and thinking positively to stretching out tense muscles. It offers stress-beating instant calming techniques and daily exercises to combat tension.	2009	Random House UK						ZZZ000000
9788184000764	Zigzag Way, The	Desai&Anita		Eric is a buttoned down Boston boy, a misfit in his family of hearty fisherfolk.Uncertain he will ever complete the book on immigration he has been funded to write, heimpetuously decides to follow his bossy girlfriend to Mexico. There, he is seduced by the pageantryof this colourful new country and its old world charm, and stumbles on an astonishing discovery-his grandfather was one of the Cornish miners who worked the local mines more than a hundredyears ago, and once had another wife. Soon, Eric will find himself abandoning his own tentativefuture project in search of his family s other lives.The Zigzag Way is the story of twentieth century Mexico, through civil unrest and personal calamity;of the exploitation of the Mexican Indians, and their dubious saviours, such as the formidable DoñaVera, widow of a mining baron, and Eric s own grandmother, a young Cornish girl whose grave lies ina hillside cemetery. And in unravelling their dark, often violent, histories on the Día de los Muertos,the day locals celebrate and remember their dead, Eric comes face to face with his own story, its pastand present; even, the afterlife.Haunting and luminous, The Zigzag Way is a magical novel of strange, elegiac beauty.		Random House Publishers India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184000634	Adventure of the Missing Dancing Girl, The	Sunila Gupte		The year is 2500 BCE: four high-spirited girls and boys are on their way to theauspicious Surya Mela. Kartik, Xerxes, Kaveri and Nami have set off from their village for the bigfair held in Lothal, a port town in Meluhha (Bharat). On the way, a daring robbery takes place-sacred treasures have been stolen from Mohenjo Daro s temple, including the famous dancing girlstatue-and immediately, they are caught up in its coils. In the city they meet young Amu Daryafrom faraway Mesopotamia, a world utterly different from theirs, who is looking for his missingfather, last seen in this part of the Indus Valley. When Amu warns them of the grave danger they rein, the five become fast friends. But soon, they are entangled in forces much darker than they couldever have expected. Will the fearless fivesome succeed in upholding the honour of Mohenjo daro?An amazing tale full of white parrots, elephant rides, river caravans and secret maps, The Adventureof the Missing Dancing Girl is a glorious adventure story set in the time of the Indus Valleycivilsation.	2009	Random House Publishers India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184000559	Baulsphere	Mimlu Sen		Author's journey with Paban Das Baul through the itinerant Baul's route in West Bengal, India.	2009-04-01	Random House Publishers India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184000115	Follow the Hindu moon,a guide to the festivals of South India	Soumya Sitaraman			2007-12-01	Random House India						ZZZ000000
9781849411677	Gargoylz,Make a Movie	Jan Burchett&Sara Vogler		Max has got his hands on a video camera and he and Ben have BIG plans to make their very own movie - with the Gargoylz in starring roles, of course! But will bully, Barry the Basher, spoil the show or can the boys outwit him with the help of the Gargoylz and a super cunning secret plan? A commercial and collectable new series for young readers, featuring fun and fascinating characters and accessible, entertaining storylines, with the irresistible bonus of a squishy gargoyle toy in the front of every book. GARGOYLZ ARE VERY NAUGHTY AND WON'T KEEP STILL FOR LONG. THEREFORE, THE TOY INCLUDED MAY NOT BE EXACTLY AS SHOWN. 12th book in series	2010	RHCB						ZZZ000000
9781849410809	Ride to the Rescue	Jan Burchett&Sara Vogler		Knights, dungeons and battlements - Cavel Castle has it all! Max, Ben and the Gargoylz can't wait to explore. But the castle has Gargoylz too - and they have tricks of their own! Will the castle Gargoylz make friends with their mischievous visitors? Find out in four new adventures inside! GARGOYLZ ARE VERY NAUGHTY AND WON'T KEEP STILL FOR LONG. THEREFORE, THE TOY INCLUDED MAY NOT BE EXACTLY AS SHOWN.	2010	RHCB						ZZZ000000
9781849411837	Summer Fun	Feb Burchett&Jan Burchett&Sara Vogler		It's time for the summer f te at Max and Ben's school and the Gargoylz are eager to join in. They're soon busy helping with the Hoopla, tumbling in the Tombola and lurking in the Lucky Dip! Suddenly the school f te is a whole lot more exciting than anyone had planned! GARGOYLZ ARE VERY NAUGHTY AND WON'T KEEP STILL FOR LONG. THEREFORE, THE TOY INCLUDED MAY NOT BE EXACTLY AS SHOWN.	2010	RHCB						ZZZ000000
9780307455314	Killer Heat	Linda Fairstein		In 'Killer heat', assistant district attorney Alex Cooper confronts a serial killer whose deadly exploits lead her through the little-known islands surrounding Manhattan. It's August in the city and just as she’s claiming victory in a rape trial, she gets	2008-01-01	Random House Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780307277749	Marie Antoinette,The Journey	Antonia Fraser		France's beleaguered queen, Marie Antoinette, wrongly accused of uttering the infamous "Let them eat cake," was the subject of ridicule and curiosity even before her death; she has since been the object of debate and speculation and the fascination so often accorded tragic figures in history. Married in mere girlhood, this essentially lighthearted, privileged, but otherwise unremarkable child was thrust into an unparalleled time and place, and was commanded by circumstance to play a significant role in history. Antonia Fraser's lavish and engaging portrait of Marie Antoinette, one of the most recognizable women in European history, excites compassion and regard for all aspects of her subject, immersing the reader not only in the coming-of-age of a graceful woman, but also in the unraveling of an era.	2006-09-12	Anchor Books						ZZZ000000
9780099536949	All We Ever Wanted Was Everything Export	Janelle Brown			2009-05-01	Random House						ZZZ000000
9780099474289	Nuclear showdown,North Korea takes on the world	Gordon G. Chang		Asia Expert Gordon Chang Follows Up His Successful And Controversial Debut The Coming Collapse Of China, With The First Book To Discuss The Full Extent Of The North Korean Nuclear Threat, Its Origins, International Implications, And Solutions.The United States Is The Mightiest Nation In History, Yet For Six Decades One Of The World'S Weakest States Has Challenged The Superpower And Kept It At Bay. Today, That Country Also Threatens To Change The Course Of Human Events With An Act Of Unimaginable Devastation. Nuclear Showdown Analyses The Failed Society That Has Become The Gravest Threat To America And International Order: North Korea. Chang S Insightful Book Reveals The Full Horror Of The Crisis Threatening To Turn Asia Into The World S Next Battleground.How Can North Korea Be Stopped? No One Seems To Have An Answer. For More Than Half A Century, Policymakers Have Failed When It Comes To Subjugating Kim Il Sung And His Son, Kim Jong Il. Nuclear Showdown Proposes A Solution That Can Defuse The Standoff Once And For All.	2007-05-04	Random House						ZZZ000000
9780099301257	The empty raincoat,making sense of the future	Charles Handy		In this extraordinary, life-affirming book, Charles Handy reaches for a philosophy beyond the impersonal mechanics of business organizations, and beyond material choices. He presents a powerful alternative vision, where life and work are regrounded in a natural sense of continuity, connection and purposeful direction. 'The empty raincoat is to me, the symbol of our most pressing paradox. If economic progress means that we become anonymous cogs in some great machine, then progress is an empty promise. The challenge must be to show how paradox can be managed.' - from 'The Empty Raincoat'	1995	Arrow Business Books						ZZZ000000
9780099548416	Gods of management	Charles Handy		This Is A Sparkling And Witty Allegory Of The Four Types Of Organisation. The Club Culture, Ruled Over By Zeus; The Role Culture, Whose Patron Saint Is Apollo; The Task Culture, Owing Allegiance To Athena; And The Existential Culture, Whose People Come Under The Orbit Of Dionysus. It Is Required Reading For Everybody Who Wants To Be Survivor In A World Of Changing Organisational Culture.	1995	Arrow						ZZZ000000
9780099227724	The Hungry Spirit	Charles Handy		With his characteristically very personal anecdotal style, Charles Handy analyses how materialistic caoitalism is self-limiting, how efficiency may be the enemy of a cohesive society, and examines the false certainties of science and religion. He then builds a new theory of meaning, based on the research for identity the role of the arts and the idea of immortality. Unconvent-ional organisation is his model for business and the individual, requiring new learning systems for a better future.	1998	Arrow						ZZZ000000
9780099481881	Myself and Other More Important Matters	Charles Handy		The author ofThe Age of Unreason,The Empty Raincoat, andThe Elephant and the Flea, shares more of his best-selling brand of wisdom concerning the big choices in life. In Charles Handy’s most ambitious book yet, the well-known business guru draws on the lessons of his own life to help us map out the main stages of our lives, and shows us how to navigate through the tough decisions we have to make at every phase. He gives us his personal thoughts on life’s big questions and turning points, mining his own experience to tell us what he’s learned along the way. From lessons his father taught him at the Vicarage in Kildare where he grew up, to what he learned in Borneo in his days working for Royal Dutch Shell, and later, in America where corporate scandals have shaken our understanding of what is ethical and what is acceptable in business, and finally in Italy, where on a whim he decided to buy and fix up an old house in Tuscany. Throughout the book, he asks us to look at what we value — is it money? Family? Time? What is the role of work in our life? What do we find fulfilling? As our working lives blend ever more into the rest of who we are, Charles Handy has emerged as an invaluable social thinker. It is hard to imagine a better or wiser guide to life’s big questions.	2007-03-05	Arrow						ZZZ000000
9780099510178	The Seven Year Itch	Josie Lloyd&Emlyn Rees		MEET JACKDadness. Women have a sixth sense for it. To them, you're like an old bull in a field at the side of the motorway, harmlessly chewing the cud, watching the world race by, nothing like the wild buffalo stock from which you came. And that's how it should be, of course, after seven years of marriage to the woman you love. But, lately, as I've looked around, all I've seen is temptation. From random women in the pub, to my foxy new boss... they've left me doubting whether I've really been put out to pasture at all... MEET AMYMotherhood, I've discovered, is the great leveller. I could be a celebrated fashion designer (instead of the finding, cleaning, bum-wiping domestic robot I've become), but having kids automatically makes me the same as all the other mums in the park. And being 'the same' makes me want to do something terribly rash -- like rediscover the impulsive person I used to be. Don't get me wrong, I love Jack and our son, but everyone else seems to be having so much more fun than me--and so much more sex... Can they resist The Seven Year Itch?	2007-06-26	Arrow						FIC027000
9780099416722	The Villain,The Life of Don Whillans	Jim Perrin		A fascinating, thought-provoking biography of a climbing legend. Don Whillans has been an icon for generations of climbers. His first ascent of Annapurna’s South Face with Dougal Haston in 1970, remains one of the most impressive climbs ever made – a standard to which all contemporary Himalayan climbers aspire. But Perrin examines the tough reality behind Whillans’ formidable achievements – the character of the man himself. Despite his skill and daring, Whillans was a savage-tongued, hell-raising scrapper – turned down for a Queen’s Birthday honour, because of a violent fracas with the police. Coming out of a world miles away from the environment of the upper class climbers who dominated the sport, Whillans’ forceful, uncompromising personality gave him superstar status – the flawed heroism of a Best, a McEnroe, or an Ali. From the Hardcover edition.	2006-06-06	Arrow						ZZZ000000
9780767922586	The book of hard choices,how to make the right decisions at work and keep your self-respect	James A. Autry&Peter Roy		Examining the serious ethical dilemmas faced by managers and employees in the workplace, a practical guide offers effective approaches to resolving such complex issues as hiring and firing decisions, whistle-blowing, and more, drawing on interviews with twenty leaders in a variety of fields who trace their own moral deliberations that led to their choices. 25,000 first printing.	2006-12-26	Morgan Road						ZZZ000000
9781400048311	The map of innovation,creating something out of nothing	Kevin O'Connor&Kevin J. O'Connor&Paul B. Brown		How did Kevin O’Connor help create DoubleClick, the innovative marketing technology company...two software companies...dozens of products...and now the “disappearing” DVD, a product that will turn the home video market on its head? Sheer brilliance? While O’Connor is very smart indeed, he credits his success to applying Thomas Edison’s famous saying that “genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.” In other words, the breakthrough product or service that is the result of sheer genius alone is the exception. Great ideas that form the basis of new companies or that can make a hero of someone toiling in the corporate world are within reach of us all. “But wait,” says O’Connor, “ideas are cheap.” Just as important is doing something with them—a process that will turn the best ideas into something that people need. In other words, O’Connor argues convincingly, innovation can be systematically forced. The Map of Innovation is O’Connor’s step-by-step approach to devising lucrative new products and services and bringing them to market, through a process that has proven itself time and again in many different industries. Too often, people trying to innovate focus on things that don’t matter or waste their time trying to find answers to questions that can’t be answered. O’Connor shows why the map of innovation centers on getting right the five make-or-break fundamentals: creating a large number of viable ideas; picking the right idea to pursue; creating a highly focused strategy to bring the idea to market; getting the money to fund the strategy; and hiring the best people. With Kevin O’Connor, the proof of the value of methodical innovation is in the pudding. He helped start companies that have employed thousands of people and created billions in shareholder value. Anyone can get lucky once, but for success to strike three times and to include many successful products, there has to be a method and map, and any company, big or small, working on any product or service can benefit from O’Connor’s time-tested tactics. From the Hardcover edition.	2003-08-12	Crown Business						ZZZ000000
9781400046003	When you say yes but mean no,how silencing conflict wrecks relationships and companies, and what you can do about it	Leslie A. Perlow		We live in a culture—especially at work—that prefers harmony over discord, agreement over dissent, speed over deliberation. We often smile and nod to each other even though deep down we could not disagree more. Whether with colleagues, friends, or family members, the tendency to paper over differences rather than confront them is extremely common. We believe that the best thing to do to preserve our relationships and to ensure that our work gets done as expeditiously as possible is to silence conflict. Let’s face it, most bosses don’t encourage us to share our differences. Indeed, many people are taught that loyal employees accept corporate values, policies, and decisions—never challenging or questioning them. If we want to hold on to our jobs and move up in our organizations, stifling conflict is the safest way to do it—or so we believe. And it is not just with our bosses that we fear raising a dissenting opinion. We worry about what our peers and even our subordinates may think of us. We don’t want to embarrass ourselves or create a bad impression. We don’t want to lose others’ respect or risk rejection. We often associate conflict with its negative form—petty bickering, heated arguing, a bloody fight. But conflict can also be a source of creative energy; when handled constructively by both parties, differences can lead to a healthy and fruitful collaboration, creation, or construction of new knowledge or solutions. When we silence conflict, we avoid the possibility of negative conflict, but we also miss the potential for constructive conflict. Worse yet, as Leslie Perlow documents, the act of silencing conflict may create the consequences we most dread. Tasks frequently take longer or never get done successfully, and silencing conflict over important issues with people for whom we care deeply can result in disrespect for, and devaluing of, those same people. Each time we silence conflict, we create an environment in which we’re all the more likely to be silent next time. We get caught in a vicious “silent spiral,” making the relationship progressively less safe, less satisfying, and less productive. Differences get glossed over, patched over, and suppressed . . . until disaster happens. “Saying yes when you really mean no” is a problem that haunts organizations from start-ups to multi- nationals. It exists across industries, levels, and functions. And it’s exacerbated by a down economy, when the fear of losing one’s job is on everybody’s mind and the idea of allowing conflict to surface or disagreeing with others seems particularly risky. All too often, the conversation at work bespeaks harmony and togetherness, even though passionate disagreements exist beneath the surface. Leslie A. Perlow is a corporate ethnographer, an anthropologist of corporate culture. Anthropologists like Margaret Mead spend years in the field studying exotic cultures. Perlow does the same, although the field for her is the office and the exotic people are us—those who work in the world of organizations. But the end result is no less surprising or rich in insight. Whether it’s a Fortune 500 firm, small business, or government bureaucracy, Perlow provides a keen understanding of the hidden issues behind what people say (and don’t say). And more important, she shows how to create relationships where individuals feel empowered to express their genuine thoughts and feelings and to harness the power of positive conflict.	2003-05-20	Crown Business						ZZZ000000
9780385501262	Journey of Light,Stories of Dawn After Darkness	Peter Shockey&Stowe D. Shockey		Drawn from real life and brimming with wisdom, this collection of original stories combines the inspiration of Chicken Soup for the Soul, the charm of Life’s Little Instruction Book, and the immediacy of Tuesdays with Morrie.What is the most precious gift we can leave to the next generation? For Peter Shockey and Stowe D. Shockey, financial security, happy memories of loving times, and an understanding of what constitutes a well-lived life provided a starting point for thinking about their own legacy. But they also wanted to be sure that the wisdom they gained in their lifetime would be shared with their friends, family, and future generations. In Journey of Light they offer the ultimate lessons of their own lives and gems of wisdom gathered from people whose lives influenced them along the way. The stories in Journey of Light encompass the full spectrum of human experience. Built on the struggles of Stowe's own Dickens-style childhood, they recount moments of light and dark, joy and frustration, pain and recovery. What unites them is the realization that the journey through life is lit by the Light of God. Interviews with people who have returned from near-death experiences reveal a common phenomenon that many of them refer to as the ripple effect. Upon seeing their lives “flash before their eyes,” they understood that their actions, like ripples from a pebble cast into a pond, radiated out to touch the lives of those closest to them. Their stories and those of others in Journey of Light illustrate the interconnections between individual lives and show that one person’s decision to share God’s Light can help and heal countless others.	2007-02-20	Doubleday						ZZZ000000
9780375429330	Cracking the GRE with DVD, 2010 Edition	Princeton Review		If you’re planning to pursue a master’s degree or Ph.D., the GRE will probably be an important part of your graduate school application. Cracking the GRE with DVD contains everything you need to prepare for this crucial test. This new 2010 edition of our popular guide offers proven techniques from the test prep experts at The Princeton Review. It includes over 300 practice questions in the book and exclusive free access to 4 practice tests, additional practice questions, and expert advice online. Plus it comes with a supplemental DVD with video tutorials from The Princeton Review’s top instructors. In Cracking the GRE with DVD we’ll bring you the key strategies and skills you need to ace the Verbal, Math, and Essay sections. We’ll teach you how to think like the test writers and•Master specific strategies for answering every question type, including the newer question types like “Enter a Number” •Solve even the toughest questions in Text Completions, Reading Comprehension, Algebra, and more•Practice, practice, practice with questions just like those you’ll see on the real GRE, and learn from your mistakes with detailed explanations for all answers	2009-06-09	Random House Information Group						ZZZ000000
9780375429262	Cracking the GMAT, 2010	Geoff Martz&Adam Robinson		With an eye on business school, thousands prepare for and take the GMAT every year.  The experts at The Princeton Review provide an essential tool for success with Cracking the GMAT.  The test prep guide with DVD offers proven, detailed guidance and advice for the math, verbal and essay sections of the exam, with over 200 practice questions in the book and exclusive free access to 4 sample practice tests and expert advice online.  Additionally, the book features a supplemental GMAT DVD, including video tutorials from The Princeton Review’s top instructors. As with all of The Princeton Review’s study guides, you’ll get insider test-prep techniques to help you master the exam. In Cracking the GMAT with DVD, we’ll teach you how to think like the test writers and ·Solve complex sentence correction problems by recognizing key errors·Crack tough data sufficiency questions using simple techniques·Practice online with full-length tests, lessons, and drills ·Get the most out of your prep time with the study plan that’s right for youIn the guide, you’ll find plenty of practice GMAT problems to help you master our proven techniques. Our practice questions are just like those you’ll see on the real GMAT—but with detailed answers and explanations for every question.	2009-06-09	Random House Information Group						ZZZ000000
9780375429255	Cracking the GMAT 2010	Geoff Martz&Adam Robinson		Thousands of business school applicants study for and take the GMAT annually.  The experts at The Princeton Review provide an essential tool for success on this crucial exam with Cracking the GMAT.  The test prep guide offers proven, detailed guidance and advice for the math, verbal and essay sections of the test, and this new edition for 2010 includes over 200 practice questions and exclusive free access to practice exams and further review online.  As with all of The Princeton Review’s study guides, you’ll get insider test-prep techniques to help you master the exam. In Cracking the GMAT, we’ll teach you how to think like the test writers and·Solve complex sentence correction problems by recognizing key errors·Crack tough data sufficiency questions using simple techniques·Practice online with full-length tests, lessons, and drills ·Get the most out of your prep time with the study plan that’s right for youIn the guide, you’ll find plenty of practice GMAT problems to help you master our proven techniques. Our practice questions are just like those you’ll see on the real GMAT	2009-06-09	Random House Inc						ZZZ000000
9780375429323	Cracking the GRE	Karen Lurie&Magda Pecsenye&Adam Robinson		Are you hoping to pursue a master’s degree or Ph.D.? If so, the GRE will probably be an important part of your graduate school application. You’ll find everything you need to prepare for this crucial test in Cracking the GRE. This new 2010 edition of our popular guide offers proven techniques from the test prep experts at The Princeton Review. It includes over 300 practice questions in the book and exclusive free access to 2 practice tests, additional practice questions, and expert advice online. In Cracking the GRE we’ll bring you the key strategies and skills you need to ace the Verbal, Math, and Essay sections. We’ll teach you how to think like the test writers and•Master specific strategies for answering every question type, including the newer question types like “Enter a Number” •Solve even the toughest questions in Text Completions, Reading Comprehension, Algebra, and more•Practice, practice, practice with questions just like those you’ll see on the real GRE, and learn from your mistakes with detailed explanations for all answers	2009-06-09	Random House						ZZZ000000
9780375429224	Cracking the SAT 2010	Adam Robinson&Princeton Review&John Katzman		The SAT is a critical exam for college applicants, and more than 2 million students take the test each year. In Cracking the SAT the experts at The Princeton Review provide the information and strategies you need to succeed on the math, verbal and essay sections of the exam. This new 2010 edition of our popular guide for the SAT offers proven techniques from the test prep experts, as well as 3 practice tests in the book and exclusive free access to another practice test and additional review and practice questions online. In Cracking the SAT you’ll learn how to think like the test writers and •Master specific strategies for answering every question type•Boost your vocabulary with our exclusive “Hit Parade” — a list of words that appear most frequently on the SAT•Practice, practice, practice with questions just like those you’ll see on the real SAT, and learn from your mistakes with detailed explanations for all answersPlus you’ll get a customized study plan for your schedule and access to optional online essay grading.	2009-06-09	Random House Information Group						ZZZ000000
9780375429200	Cracking the TOEFL IBT 2010	Princeton Review&Douglas Pierce&Neill Seltzer&Sean Kinsell		The TOEFL iBT (Test of English as a Foreign Language Internet-Based Test ) is a crucial exam for students from around the world who want to attend college or graduate school in the United States. The Princeton Review offers the most complete and effective preparation for the competitive and popular TOEFL iBT with this test-prep guide for the exam. In Cracking the TOEFL iBT 2010 Edition, you’ll learn how to think like the test writers and •Use our preparation strategies and test-taking techniques to raise your score•Focus your reading and listening to identify the key parts of passages, lectures and conversations•Hone your listening skills with audio exercises on CD •Improve your command of spoken English and your use of English grammar and vocabulary•Write top-scoring essays by responding to the specific questions asked and organizing your ideas clearly Cracking the TOEFL ibT, 2010 Edition includes a full-length practice test with audio prompts and questions just like those on the actual exam. It also includes more than 175 practice questions.	2009-05-05	Random House						ZZZ000000
9781846040917	Starbook	Ben Okri		We Are Listeners At The Oracle. Those Who Truly Hear Are Touched And Changed. At One Level, Starbook Tells The Delicate Story Of A Prince And A Maiden Who Are Both Tested By Trials In A Mythical Land Where Art, Initiation And Dynamic Stillness Are Supremely Important.At Another Level, This Rich And Stimulating Novel Opens Up The Nature Of Reality, Where The Essence Of Life Is Revealed, And The Source Of Enchantment Can Be Ours Where Beauty, Regeneration And Fulfilment Are Perhaps Possible. A Dazzling Achievement Of The Imagination, And A Profound Work Of Literature Of The Kind That Won Ben Okri The Booker Prize For The Famished Road, His New Novel Is A Pleasure To Read, With An Unforgettable Radiance Of Its Own. For, No Matter Where We Live And Who We Think We Are, We All Have Access To The Oracle, And A Vision Of Life Far Greater Than Ourselves, Which Comes From The Book Of Life Among The Stars .	2007	Rider						ZZZ000000
9780609801277	The law of love	Laura Esquivel&Margaret Sayers Peden		This romantic, innovative, and wildly comic "New York Times" bestseller by the author of "Like Water for Chocolate" tells a cosmic love story, a Mexican "Midsummer Night's Dream" that stretches from the fall of Montezuma's Mexico to the 23rd century. Includes eight sections of full-color illustrations.	1996	Crown Publishers						ZZZ000000
9781400034154	The emperor of Ocean Park	Stephen L. Carter		Na de dood van een vooraanstaand rechter probeert zijn zoon aan de hand van een serie aanwijzingen die zijn vader heeft nagelaten uit te vinden wat er is gebeurd.	2003-01-01	Vintage Books						ZZZ000000
9780307278005	The year of magical thinking	Joan Didion		In this book, Joan Didion explores an intensely personal yet universal experience - a portrait of a marriage - and a life, in good times and bad - that will speak to anyone who has ever loved a husband or wife or child. Several days before Christmas 2003, John Gregory Dunne and Joan Didion saw their only daughter, Quintana, fall ill with what seemed at first flu, then pneumonia, then complete septic shock. She was put into an induced coma and placed on life support. Days later - the night before New Year's Eve - the Dunnes were just sitting down to dinner after visiting the hospital when John Gregory Dunne suffered a massive and fatal coronary. In a second, this close, symbiotic partnership of forty years was over. Four weeks later, their daughter pulled through. Two months after that, arriving at LAX, she collapsed and underwent six hours of brain surgery at UCLA Medical Center to relieve a massive hematoma.	2006	Vintage books						ZZZ000000
9780679740858	Byron,Child of Passion, Fool of Fame	Benita Eisler		In this masterful portrait of the poet who dazzled an era and prefigured the modern age of celebrity, noted biographer Benita Eisler offers a fuller and more complex vision than we have yet been afforded of George Gordon, Lord Byron. Eisler reexamines his poetic achievement in the context of his extraordinary life: the shameful and traumatic childhood; the swashbuckling adventures in the East; the instant stardom achieved with the publication ofChilde Harold's Pilgrimage; his passionate and destructive love affairs, including an incestuous liaison with his half-sister; and finally his tragic death in the cause of Greek independence. This magnificent record of a towering figure is sure to become the new standard biography of Byron.	2000-05-09	Vintage Books						ZZZ000000
9780307276919	Lunar Park	Bret Easton Ellis			2006	Vintage						ZZZ000000
9780099494072	Hunting and Gathering	Anna Gavalda		Anna Gavalda combines a genius for storytelling with vivid, exquisite writing and characters who leap from the pages of this irresistible novel which has sold half a million copies in France, and is being published in thirty countries. It is the captivating, quirky, funny, tenderly ironic story of a collection of misfits in contemporary Paris - a near-anorexic artist, a chef, his granny and a sad-sack aristocrat - who together become something more than the sum of their parts and make for a perfect novel. Camille is doing her best to disappear. She barely eats, works at night as a cleaner and lives in a tiny attic room. Philibert Marquet de La Durbellière is a stammering, erudite aristocrat who sells postcards outside a museum. One evening he overcomes his own excruciating reticence to rescue Camille, unconscious, from her freezing garret, and instal her in the large, ornate apartment he is caretaking downstairs. He already has an unlikely flatmate, the foul-mouthed, talented working-class young chef, Franck, who is made more obnoxious by guilt about the beloved grandmother he's had to put in a home. Together, this curious, damaged little quartet may be able to face the world... Gorgeously original, full of wry humour and razor-sharp observation, redolent of Paris, its foibles, its food and its neglected corners, HUNTING AND GATHERING is a universal story about despair, love and the virtues of ensemble-playing in a naughty world. It's a big novel that you will not want to put down.	2007-07-06	Vintage						ZZZ000000
9780375724756	Isaac's Storm.,A Man, a Time and the Deadliest Hurrican in History.	Erik Larson		At the dawn of the twentieth century, a great confidence suffused America. Isaac Cline was one of the era's new men, a scientist who believed he knew all there was to know about the motion of clouds and the behavior of storms. The idea that a hurricane co	1999	VINTAGE BOOKS						ZZZ000000
9780307278302	Mask Market	Andrew H. Vachss		Burke, the relentless urban mercenary, returns in this riveting new thriller by bestselling author Andrew Vachss. Two decades ago, Burke "recovered" a teenage runaway from a pimp. Now she's on the run, again. After seeing the man who hired him to find her gunned down by a professional hunter-killer team, Burke realizes he could be next. The master urban survivalist knows he has to finish the job to learn the truth, only now he's looking for a predator, not a victim. The search will force Burke to walk down the one dark alley that has always terrified him -- his past.	2007-08-28	Vintage Books						ZZZ000000
9781847373632	The Duel : Pakistan On The Flight Path Of American Power	Tariq Ali		Born in Lahore, Tariq Ali's grandfather was Prime Minister of the Punjab and his uncle was head of Pakistan's Military Intelligence. While Ali has written extensively about the country, his latest offering The Duel sees him assess the prospects of the contending groups in Pakistan, drawing on extensive first-hand research and personal knowledge of many of the key players involved. With customary verve and acuity, he considers the causes and consequences of Pakistan's rapid spiral into political chaos and explores a number of controversial topics, including America's complex relationship with Pakistan and the power each country wields over the other. Pakistan is the sixth most populous country in the world, it's the only Islamic state to have nuclear weapons, and its border with Afghanistan extends over 1000 miles. It's also the likely hide-out of Osama bin Laden. It has been under military dictatorship for 33 of its 50-year existence, yet it is the linchpin in the United States' war on terror, receiving over $10 billion of American aid since 2001 and purchasing more than $5 billion of US weaponry in 2006 alone.	2008-09-01	Simon & Schuster						ZZZ000000
9780684840154	Seven habits of highly effective families	Stephen R. Covey&Sandra Merrill Covey			1997	Simon & Schuster						ZZZ000000
9781847370723	Extreme measures	Vince Flynn		With Mitch Rapp away on assignment in Pakistan, CIA Director Irene Kennedy turns to his protege, Mike Nash. Nash has served his government honourably for sixteen years, first as an officer in the Marine Corps, then as an operative in an elite counterterrorism team run by Mitch Rapp, never wavering in his fight against the jihads and their culture of death. Fighting the War on Terror in secret, he has been forced to lie to everyone he cares about, including his wife and children. He has soldiered on secure in the knowledge that his hard work and lethal tactics have saved the lives of thousands. But the one thing he never saw coming was that his own government was about to turn on him . . .	2009-01-05	Simon & Schuster						ZZZ000000
9781847375247	The age of absurdity,why modern life makes it hard to be happy	Michael Foley		The good news is that the great thinkers from history have proposed the same strategies for happiness and fulfilment. The bad news is that these turn out to be the very things most discouraged by contemporary culture. This knotty dilemma is the subject of The Age of Absurdity - a wry and accessible investigation into how the desirable states of wellbeing and satisfaction are constantly undermined by modern life. Michael Foley examines the elusive condition of happiness common to philosophy, spiritual teachings and contemporary psychology, then shows how these are becoming increasingly difficult to apply in a world of high expectations and 'always-on' communications technology. The common challenges of earning a living, maintaining a relationship and ageing are becoming battlegrounds of existential angst and self-loathing in a culture that demands conspicuous consumption, high-octane partnerships and perpetual youth. In conclusion, rather than denouncing and rejecting the age, Foley presents an entertaining strategy of not just accepting but embracing today's world - finding happiness in its absurdity.	2010	Simon & Schuster Uk						ZZZ000000
9781847377845	Paul Newman	Simon & Schuster&Limited			2010-01	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781847370280	The Elegant Solution,Toyota's Formula for Mastering Innovation	Matthew E. May		One million. That's how many new ideas the Toyota organization receives from its employees every year. These ideas come from every level of the organization - from the factory floors to the corporate suites. And organizations all over the world want to learn how they do it. Now Matthew May, Senior Advisor to the University of Toyota, reveals how any company can create an environment of every day innovation and achieve the elegant solutions found only on the far side of complexity. A tactical guide for team-based innovation, THE ELEGANT SOLUTION delivers the formula to the three principles and ten practices that drive business creativity. Innovation isn't just about technology - it's about value, opportunity and impact. When a company embeds a real discipline around the pursuit of perfection, the sky is the limit. Dozens of case studies (from Toyota and other companies) illustrate the power and universality of these concepts; a unique 'clamshell strategy' prepares managers to ensure organizational success. At once a thought-shaper, a playmaker, and a taskmaster, THE ELEGANT SOLUTION is a practical field manual for everyone in corporate life.	2007-01-02	Simon & Schuster						ZZZ000000
9781847376930	The Time of My Life	Patrick Swayze&Lisa Niemi		In September 2009 movie star Patrick Swayze lost his long and bravely fought battle against pancreatic cancer. Dedications soon came flooding in from Swayze's many friends in film and television as well as from his legions of adoring fans. His was a life richly led and this memoir, completed just weeks before his death, is a testament to the strength and passion of this remarkable man. It was January 2008 when Patrick Swayze was given the worst news of his life. What he hoped was just a stomach ache was actually stage four pancreatic cancer. This book isn't just the story of Patrick's fight against cancer. In the public eye from the early 1980s, this is the story of a remarkable life and career. Intended as a low budget, straight-to-video production, Dirty Dancing became a cult hit and remains one of the most enduring films of the 80s. Ghost cemented Patrick as a hugely bankable star, in a role that has had a considerable cultural impact. Most recently Patrick returned to the public's adoring arms in TV's The Beast. This book will chronicle Patrick's personal life, too -- including his treatment for alcoholism following the death of his father and sister's sudden death. What remained a constant in Patrick's life was his marriage and Patrick and Lisa's love story is inspiring, honest, heartfelt and transcends the typical celebrity marriage. This is a book that anyone who has faced cancer or a terminal illness can turn to: Lisa and Patrick have shown the world that cancer isn't just a diagnosis given to one individual, but a disease that can bring a household together or pull a family apart. Bold, honest and inspiring, Patrick Swayze's memoir is the story of a remarkable man's life and career and of his refusal to give up without a fight.	2009-10-05	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781847382962	Island	Sarah Singleton			2010	Simon & Schuster Children's						ZZZ000000
9780743295437	The bloodstone papers	Glen Duncan		En forfatter med engelsk-indiske rødder beslutter sig for at fortælle sin fars historie - mest i et forsøg på at glemme sine egne problemer. Researchen udvikler sig imidlertid til et afslørende detektivarbejde, da han støder på den englænder, der i sin tid i Indien forrådte hans far og sendte ham i eksil i England.	2006-05-31	Scribner						ZZZ000000
9781847384805	Ambition	Kate Brian		The higher the climb, the further the fall . . . For Reed Brennan, being elected president of the exclusive Billings Hall has changed her life. But she didn't count on being dumped by her boyfriend, Josh, or being held responsible for a fire that destroyed Easton Academy's oldest building. Now the administration wants to shut Billings down. Forever. Reed needs to come up with a plan . . . and fast! But with the police asking questions about Cheyenne Martin's death, Reed is rapidly becoming public enemy number one. Someone wants to see Billings, and Reed, go down. And they'll do anything to make it happen...	2009-08-03	Simon & Schuster Children's						ZZZ000000
9781847382184	Inner Circle	Kate Brian		Once you're in, there's no way out... It's a new school year, and Reed Brennan returns to prestigious Easton Academy, ready to put the dramatic events of last year behind her. When the headmaster forbids Billings Hall from holding its traditional secret initiation ceremony, Reed is relieved. She champions the new rules and welcomes the new recruits to Billings Hall. But there's one Billings resident who's adamant that the old ways should be kept alive - no matter what, or who, stands in her way...	2008-06-02	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781847383419	Pushed	Franklin W. Dixon		Frank and Joe travel to New York City over Thanksgiving to go undercover at the Haven, a shelter for runaway teens. One of the Haven's young residents was recently pushed to his death off a subway platform. It's up to the Hardy Boys to get to the bottom of this shocking case before the killer claims another victim.	2008-07-07	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780743273107	The official Fahrenheit 9/11 reader	Michael Moore			2004-10-31	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9780689871580	Mr. Fixit's opposites	Richard Scarry		Lowly worm knows all about shapes. He can bend into any one! And with help from his Busytown friends, Lowly can show readers all about sizes too!	2004	Little Simon						ZZZ000000
9781439158838	Peaks and Valleys,Making Good and Bad Times Work for You--At Work and in Life	Spencer Johnson			2009	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781409505020	Second Book of Know How	Struan Reid		A new collection of projects taken from the classic Usborne Know How series. Includes all new activities such as building flying models making action games and toys, and using batteries and magnets to make games and models. All activities are fully illustrated with step-by- step instructions. Ages 5+.	2009	Usborne						ZZZ000000
9780746087978	Big Book of Know How	Kate Knighton			2007-10-31	Usborne Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780439106757	The Mutation	Katherine Applegate		Morphing into killer whales, the animorphs discover a whole new world where humans with gills exist in the deep waters below. Original.	1999-12-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439115193	The Revelation	Katherine Applegate		The Animorphs have met Visser Three and Visser One. But they haven't met Visser Two. Until now. And the Animorphs are about to break every rule they've ever followed.	2000-09-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439070324	The Separation	Katherine Applegate		Rachel is falling apart. Literally. Her newest morph the ability to regenerate its limbs, but when Rachel demorphs there's a lot more Rachel than when she started out. One more Rachel, to be exact. Rachel is an okay person to have around. But two could be considered overkill. Especially two Rachels with completely opposite personalities: one is pathetically weak; one is super strong and super nasty.Now the Animorphs have to figure out a way to put Rachel back together again. Because if it's up to the "twins, " Rachel the weak will surrender to Visser Three. Rachel the super bold will try to single-handedly take him down. And twice the trouble may be twice as much as the other Animorphs and Ax can handle....	1999	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590191258	Chemical chaos	Nick Arnold		This series looks at the nastier side of science. Chemical Chaos tells the stories of experiments that went horribly wrong, reveals the secrets of some very strange scientists, and shows readers how to try some experiments for themselves.	1997-02-01	Hippo						ZZZ000000
9781860074080	Snapping Turtle Guides: Dickens	Nicola Barbar		Describing the life and times of this great novelist and his masterpieces, Dickens takes a detailed look at the writer's stormy private life, his relationships with his contemporaries, such as George Eliot, and the lasting relevance of Dickens in the mode	2003	Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						LIT004120
9780439862738	Hitler Youth,Growing Up in Hitler's Shadow	Susan Campbell Bartoletti		The story of a generation of German young people who devoted all their energy to the Hitler Youth and the propaganda that brought Hitler his power, and the youths that resisted the Nazi movement. "I begin with the young. We older ones are used up. But my magnificent youngsters! Look at these men and boys! What material! With them, I can create a new world."-Adolf Hitler, Nuremberg,1933. By the time Hitler became Chancellor of Germany in 1933, 3.5 million children belonged to the Hitler Youth. It would become the largest youth group in history. Susan Campbell Bartoletti explores how Hitler gained the loyalty, trust, and passion of so many of Germany's young people. Her research includes telling interviews with surviving Hitler Youth members.	2006	Scholastic, Incorporated						ZZZ000000
9780439498395	Three Girls In The City #1,Portrait	Jeanne Betancourt		NYC, 2002. Three13 year-old girls meet at a summer photo class: Carolyn, fresh from Wyoming, motherless and scared; Joy, who has everything plus a bad attitude, and Maya from Harlem, strong, proud and surprised to find herself liking these 2 mismatched girls. Just as these 3 discover they're friends despite their differences, Carolyn's father decides to send her back 'home' to Wyoming. Then, in her first flush of street-smart confidence, Carolyn gets scarily lost on the subway - and it's Joy and Maya who find her - and show her dad that New York City is the home they've been looking for.	2003	Scholastic Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9781409508588	World History Encyclopedia	Jane Bingham&Fiona Chandler&Sam Taplin		A brand new edition of this comprehensive encyclopedia, tracing the extraordinary history of our world, from the Big Bang to the 21st Century.	2010-01-01	Usborne Publishing, Limited						ZZZ000000
9780746087169	Usborne Illustrated Thesaurus	Jane Bingham			2007	Usborne Publishing, Limited						ZZZ000000
9780439545686	Clifford y la hora de dormir	Norman Bridwell		Clifford the small red puppy exasperates his mother by thinking of many ways to postpone bedtime. On board pages.	2003-07-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439551106	Clifford y los opuestos	Norman Bridwell		Clifford the Small Red Puppy learns about the differences between slow/fast; first/last; up/down; wet/dry; and more! Clifford, el cachorrito, aprende la diferencia que existe entre lento y rapido, arriba y abajo, mojado y seco y mucho mas.	2003-07-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590047104	Where's The Big Red Doggie?	Norman Bridwell		In a sturdy die-cut Clifford book, babies can point to and identify their favorite objects and animals before locating Clifford peeking from behind the house, in a truck, or through the window.	1998-11-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439250382	Clifford: El Dia de Las Sorpresas,The Show And Tell Surprise (clifford Y El Dia De Las.)	Teddy Margulies		Emily Elizabeth y Clifford buscan algo que la nina pueda llevar a la escuela para mostrar a sus companeros de clases. Desafortunadamente, no tienen mucha suerte porque algunos companeros de Emily Elizabeth se les adelantan. Que haran? Emily Elizabeth no tendra otra opcion que llevar a la escuela algo que es muy, pero que muy especial... A Clifford! Al final del libro, hay una pagina de actividades para reafirmar la compresion de la lectura.	2002	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439545655	Clifford Va a la Escuela de Perros	Norman Bridwell		Emily Elizabeth is taking Clifford to dog school. His teacher tries to show Clifford how to heel. But the leash is too short and she's swept off her feet. Then she tells Clifford to sit. He sits-on top of a passing stranger! Poor Clifford-he just can't get anything right! But when Emily Elizabeth forgets to look both ways before crossing the street, Clifford comes to her rescue. And Emily Elizabeth realizes that, although he's not the most well-trained dog, he's perfect just the way he is. Emily Elizabeth lleva a Clifford a la escuela para perros. Su maestra intenta ensenarle como correr. Pero la correa es muy corta y ella termina volando en el aire. Luego, le dice a Clifford que se siente y el se se sienta sobre una persona! El pobre Clifford no logra hacer nada bien. Pero cuando Emily Elizabeth olvida mirar para los dos lados antes de cruzar la calle, Clifford la rescata.	2004-07-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590458726	Clifford Counts Bubbles	Norman Bridwell		Clifford the small red puppy counts from one to ten while playing with bubbles.	1992-09-01	Scholastic Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780590401234	Los Trucos De Clifford	Norman Bridwell&Argentina Palacios		A Spanish version of Clifford's Tricks, where Clifford and another dog try to see who canperform tricks better.	1994-12-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781407109305	In the Deep End	Kate Cann		Coll and Art are back together again, and the question of sex is also back on the agenda. But it's different now - Coll feels the time is right. She is unprepared for the powerful new emotions that sex produces, though, and has to make sure she keeps her head above water...	2009-06-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780746087480	The Snow Storm	Heather Amery			2008	Usborne Publishing, Limited						ZZZ000000
9780746061893	Farmyard Tales Snowy Christmas Jigsaw Book	Heather Amery&Stephen Cartwright		Following the huge success of the Farmyard Tales Christmas Jigsaw Book, illustrated by Stephen Cartwright, this attractive jigsaw features four jigsaw puzzles to entertain very young children	2004-10-01	Usborne						JNF026010
9780590405867	Super Puzzle Challenge	Pretzel			1983-02	Scholastic Paperbacks (Mm)						JNF021040
9780746098455	Story of Exploration	Anna Clayborne		Filled with stories of the world's greatest explorers, including Columbus and Magellan's great journeys, Lewis and Clarks's routes through the American West, Dr Livingstone's exploration of Africa and Scott's expedition through Antarctica.	2009-07-31	Usborne Publishing, Limited						JNF025000
9781846967108	Nascar	David Clayton		Packed full of amazing images and edgy designs, these leisure reads for struggling or reluctant older readers help promote literacy and strengthen reading and comprehension skills	2008-11-27	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781407114811	Wicked World Cup 2010	Michael Coleman		This international guide gives footie fans the coolest commentary on the brilliant Brazilians, the awesome Argentinians, the invicible Italians and the fantastic French. PLUS discover the secret of wicked wonders Pelé, Beckham, and the English heroes of 1966 Get ready for Wicked World Cup 2010	2010-04-05	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9788176555883	Mystery Plays	Tom Conklin				Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781407110332	10 Best Ghost Stories Ever	Michael Cox		The ten best ghost stories ... ever| Including... Body Snatchers - join Dr Fettes on a midnight trip to the graveyard Night Mail - take a ride on board a spectral stagecoach Turn of the Screw -une in to Al Mighty's chat line for a spine-chilling tale of children with some very ghoulish 'friends'	2009-10-05	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439997560	Elvis and His Pelvis	Michael Cox		You've probably heard of Elvis...He is dead famous for:...being the King of Rock 'n' Roll...having trouble fitting into his spangly white jumpsuits...causing a riot with a wiggle of his pelvis.But have you heard that Elvis...escaped from tornadoes by hidiing in a cave...flew halfway across America for 22 giant sandwiches...had a tooth stuck in his lung?Yes, even though he's dead, Elvis is still full of surprises. Nowyou can get the inside story with Elvis's lost diary, peek inthe pages of 'The Hillbilly Herald', and check out our exclusiveguide to Elvis impersonating.	2001-02-16	Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780439959186	Horror Stories	Michael Cox		Ten of the most thrilling horror stories are retold ...with a twist!The Hound of the Baskervilles - can Sherlock Holmes save the Baskervillefamily from the fangs of the demon-dog? Crime-busting showWuff Justice follows the investigation...Dracula - take a trip to Transylvania and meet the toothy count.He's starring in an all-singing, all-dancing musical spectacular...The Pit and the Pendulum - Wicked Interiors Magazine takes us ona terrifying tour of the deepest, darkest, deadliest dungeon of themall. It's torture!You've never read them like this before...	2004-10-15	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590481151	Gremlins Don't Chew Bubble Gum	Debbie Dadey&Marcia T. Jones		Eddie, Melody, and Liza are suspicious of the new school secretary when strange things begin happening in and around Bailey Elementary School.	1995	Scholastic Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9780590444774	Santa Claus Doesn't Mop Floors	Debbie Dadey&Marcia Thornton Jones		The Bailey Elementary third graders are at it again . . . and the janitor has had it. His replacement, Mr. Jolly, keeps the school magically clean and as cold as the North Pole. Now the kids are beginning to suspect Mr. Jolly may be . . . Santa Claus! Illustrated.	1991	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590470711	Frankenstein Doesn't Plant Petunias	Debbie Dadey&Marcia Thornton Jones		The Bailey School Kids notice that Frank is very tall and has a lot of scars, and despite the fact that he plants petunias, they wonder if he could be Dr. Victor's man-made monster. Original.	1993-07-01	Scholastic Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9780439678100	Ghostville Elementary #11,The Treasure Haunt	Marcia Thornton Jones&Debbie Dadey&Guy Francis		The Read-a-Thon is On! The kids at Sleepy Hollow Elementary are having an all-night reading marathon. Their goal is to read more books than any other school and earn a brand-new computer. But when the kids read about a treasure hidden in their own school basement, the Read-a-Thon turns into a treasure hunt. Cassidy wants the treasure and the computer, but one thing stands in her way: Nighttime is ghost time! And there's a whole lot of haunting going on. Readers beware!	2005-12-01	Scholastic Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9780439424394	New ghoul in school	Marcia Thornton Jones&Debbie Dadey&Jeremy Tugeau		The new boy in Nina, Jeff, and Cassidy's class is strange! He's see-through. He floats above his chair. And he never seems to leave the classroom. Could the new boy be a new GHOST?Nina and her friends are afraid to find out. And so are the other ghosts! Could this mean more fun for the class in the basement...or more haunting?	2004-01-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439424400	Happy Haunting!	Marcia Thornton Jones&Debbie Dadey&Jeremy Tugeau		Welcome to fright night! Mr. Morton's third graders have invited family and friends to visit their classroom. Cassidy, Jeff, and Nina are all set to turn the school basement into a haunted house for the festival. The problem is...the basement is already haunted! And these ghosts don't like visitors!Can Cassidy and her classmates stop the ghosts before they crash the party? Or will their parents find out that the school is haunted...for real?	2004	Scholastic Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9780439560030	Hide-and-spook	Marcia Thornton Jones&Debbie Dadey		Cassidy feels left out. She can't run or kick or swing a bat nearly as well as her friends, Jeff and Nina. Field Day is going to be a nightmare! And to make matters worse, Cassidy finds a creepy old doll in the school basement. She tries to hide it away, but it keeps coming back to haunt her. Even the classroom ghosts are scared boo-less! That's when Cassidy realizes that even though she can't catch a ball, she is really good at something - getting rid of ghosts! Ready or not, here she comes!	2004	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439681209	Beware of the Blabbermouth!	Marcia Thornton Jones&Debbie Dadey		The secret is out! Well, all of the third-graders' secrets are out. A tattletale is loose in the basement of Sleepy Hollow Elementary and suddenly rumors are spreading about everyone. Now the class is playing the blame game. Is Cassidy the blabbermouth? Is Jeff the Big Mouth? Or is someone--or something--else spying on the basement class? Nina is ready to do whatever it takes to catch the snitch. But would she be willing to tell on her best friends?	2005-06-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780746085134	Mysteries and Marvels of Nature	Elizabeth Dalby			2007-04-27	Usborne Publishing, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781865098302	Living in Space	Sharon Dalgleish				Blake Education						ZZZ000000
9781846960314	Sikhism	Anita Ganeri&David Dalton			2006-10-01	Ticktock						ZZZ000000
9781407104201	Horrible Histories: Awful Egyptians	Terry Deary		Step back to an awfully ancient time when pharaohs were phoul, servants suffered and everyone believed in an awesome afterlife. Discover the dire details of mummy-making, the truth about Tutankhamun and his creepy curse and find out why people worshipped a dung beetle. History with the nasty bits left in!	2008-11-03	Scholastic						JNF025120
9780439944014	Measly Middle Ages	Terry Deary			2007-05-07	Scholastic Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9781407102962	Tomb of Treasure - An Awful Egyptian Adventure	Terry Deary		Phoul Pharaoh Tutankhamun has died and is about to be buried. It'smaster-thief Antef's big moment - can he and his crew of criminalspull off the biggest tomb-robbery of all time and empty Tut'stomb of its richest treasures?Find out in this Awful Egyptian adventure, it's got all the goreand so much more!	2008-07-07	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439943307	Warriors	Terry Deary		Terry Deary tells the terrible truth about fighting men from around the world, including Roman soldiers, Greek soldiers, Vikings, Samurai and native American warriors.	2007-03-05	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781407110226	Ireland	Terry Deary		It's history with the nasty bits left in! Want to know: · why wax models were captured and made Prisoners of War? · which warriors went to battle naked? · how to make yourself invisible? Find outthe tragic truth about Ireland's foul famines, savage sieges and wretched rebellions, and the incredible Irish people who lived and died in them.	2009-05-04	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781409508137	World Geography Encyclopedia	Jane Bingham		A bright, modern map section with over 30 double-page maps and a detailed country-by-country gazetteer, makes this the ultimate geography reference tool.	2009	Usborne						ZZZ000000
9780439999090	Roald Dahl and his chocolate factory	Andrew Donkin&Clive Goddard		He's dead famous for writing loads of brilliant books for children, telling terrifying tales of the unexpected and creating a fantastic chocolate factory. But have you heard that Roald was a fighter pilot and a spy in World War II? In this book, you can discover the real Roald Dahl.	2002	Hippo						ZZZ000000
9780746087886	The world wars	Ruth Brocklehurst&Henry Brook			2007-09-28	Usborne						JNF025130
9781846966217	Be a Demolition Expert	David Dreier		These six books provide an exciting way to learn . Readers use real life data to solve problems, while playing the part of a science expert.	2009-03-01	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781860076343	How to improve at tennis	Jim Drewett			2005-07-01	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9780746098233	World Atlas of Dinosaurs	Susanna Davidson&Rachel Firth			2008-06-27	Usborne Publishing, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781407102849	The Puzzle Ring	Kate Forsyth		Hannah Rose Brown is twelve years old when she finds out that her family is cursed. Desperate to find the truth about her father's disappearance, she travels to her ancestral home in Scotland, and discover a chain of dark secrets that plunge her into different worlds, timeframes and dangers... Another magical historical novel from the author of THE GYPSY CROWN	2009-06-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9788176559782	Baby Food	Saxton Freymann				Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184770704	Dog Food	Saxton Freymann			2002	Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780746089453	What's Science All About?	Various		A fantastic new science book, explaining physics, chemistry and biology in an informal, fun and informative way. Written in a conversational style, this book offers children an approachable source of information on key subjects. Fun yet simple experiments give children working examples to learn from. Humorously illustrated by Adam Larkum.	2010-04	Usborne Publishing, Limited						ZZZ000000
9780545177160	Double Negative	Charlotte Fullerton		In lots of ways, Ben Tennyson is just a regular teenage boy going about his everyday life. But recently his girlfriend Julie has noticed that something seems different about him. Even his parents begin to notice.So when Ben sneakily uses his access into Plumbers' HQ to steal some top secret alien intel, Gwen and Kevin decide to shadow him -- and the jig is up. Can Gwen, Kevin, and Julie figure out what happened to the *real* Ben -- and get him back?	2010	Scholastic Inc.						ZZZ000000
9781407109268	Horrible Geography of the World	Anita Ganeri		Geography with the gritty bits left in! Inside you'll find out what happens when a volcano turns nasty whether you'd survive at the frozen poles, how a frog can help you get a drink in the desert. Hold on tight as you embark on a whistle-stop trip around the globe, taking in everything from the perishing poles to desperate deserts, stormy weather to earth-shattering earthquakes. Crammed full of far-out facts, it's the ultimate Horrible Geography guideto the Planet. Geography has never been so horrible!	2009-05-04	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781846966187	Be an Earthquake Scientist	Suzy Gazlay		These six books provide an exciting way to learn . Readers use real life data to solve problems, while playing the part of a science expert.	2009-03-01	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9780746099094	Big book of big machines	Harriet Castor		A great book for children fascinated by big machines and vehicles.Large, bright illustrations and clear labels and text, answer even the most inquisitive child's questions.Types of vehicle include planes, helicopters, diggers, cranes, racing cars, tractors and trucks.	2008-10-31	Usborne						ZZZ000000
9780439492270	The witch hunters	H. B. Gilmour&Randi Reisfeld		After an intense trip to Coventry Island, Cam and Alex are back in Marble Bay, and things are back to normal...or so it seems. One of the Six-Pack--Cam's group of bffs--is suddenly displaying some weirdly witchy powers. And a shady stranger in town is out to put a stop to all things magickal--and that includes the twins. Who is this creepy witch-hunter...and will the girls be able to thwart his twisted plan in time?	2003-06-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780746080382	Big Book of Science Things to Make and Do	Fiona Watt&Rebecca Gilpin		Over 50 fun projects that fly, fling, spin, swim, whoosh, zoom and ooze. Colourfully illustrated with step-by-step instructions and short explanations of the science involved. Links to 50 websites with online experiments, games and activities. Over 800 colourful stickers to decorate the projects. [Résumé de l'éditeur].	2007	Usborne						JNF051000
9788184771282	Fundoo: The Mystery Of Mindnet	Anirudda Sen Gupta				Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780439690454	The little red sled	Tisha Hamilton		Clifford loves his new sled. After the biggest snowfall of the year, he can't find it anywhere! Did Clifford lose the sled ... or was it stolen?	2005	Scholastic Inc.						ZZZ000000
9781846960741	Fish	Honor Head		A new series that covers all the key information for the study of life cycles, but features a range of wild animals and plants that many young children may not be familiar with, such as giant anteaters and warthogs. Each book features six different animals, or plants, from that classification group.	2007-09-01	Ticktock Media Limited						JNF003090
9780439918664	How Strong Is It?,A Mighty Book All about Strength	Ben Hillman		22 full-color, full-page spreads convey the power and strength of the most ordinary things in a unique and amazing way.  Did you know that if the strands of a spider's web were increased to the width of a pencil -- a pencil! -- it would be able to stop a 747 plane in mid-flight? That's strong, and it's the kind of oh wow! information brought to life with a stunning visual punch this series is known for. Other examples include:  -How strong is gravity? -How strong is a shark bite? -What is the strongest magnet? The strongest glue? -How strong is the world's strongest animal -- and what is it?	2008-01-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781846966200	Be a Crime Scene Investigator	Lorraine Jean Hopping		These six books provide an exciting way to learn . Readers use real life data to solve problems, while playing the part of a science expert.	2009-03-01	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9780439044004	The Bride of Frankenstein Doesn't Bake Cookies	Debbie Dadey&Marcia Thornton Jones&John Steven Gurney		There are some pretty weird grown-ups living in Bailey City. But is the strange new cookie chef at the ice rink really the Bride of Frankenstein?The Bailey School Kids are going to find out!	2000	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439044011	Sea Monsters Don't Ride Motorcycles	Debbie Dadey&Marcia Thornton Jones&John Steven Gurney		There are some pretty weird grown-ups living in Bailey City. But is the winning rider at the motorcycle races really a sea monster?The Bailey School Kids are going to find out!Howie ran his hand through his hair and gulped. "What would happen if a sea monster and the Loch Ness Monster clashed right here on Sheldon Beach?"Eddie sat back down on the sofa and laughed. "That would be great. Maybe we could get front row tickets".Howie rolled his eyes. "Will you stop fooling around? I'm serious"."This is no place to be serious", Eddie told his friend. "We're at the beach. We're supposed to have a good time"."That's right", Melody agreed."After all", Liza added, "sea monsters don't ride motorcycles".	2000	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439955850	Children Of The Lamp: The Blue Djinn Of Babylon	P. B. Kerr		When 12 year-old Djinn twins, Philippa and John Gaunt, are plunged into their second fantastic adventure, they need all their magical skill, courage and intelligence to survive. Their adversary is the terrifying Blue Djinn who lures Philippa to a secret kingdom in ancient Babylon. John must embark on an epic journey across the globe to rescue her.	2006	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439165914	Scholastic dinosaurs A-Z,the ultimate dinosaur encyclopedia	Don Lessem		Scholastic Dinosaurs A to Z presents an enormous amount of dinosaur information for budding paleontologists and amateur fossil hunters. Arranged alphabetically, this book contains more than 700 entries of every creature that has scientifically been deemed a dinosaur as well as those that are commonly mistaken for dinosaurs. This easy-to-navigate organization allows readers of all ages to glean as much or as little information about each animal as they need. (cont'd)	2003-09-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781407109169	Great Escape	Elizabeth Lindsay		Natty is missing Ned, her life-sized, talking magic pony and the exciting adventures they have together. When her friend Penelope's little cousin loses her pet rabbit Flopper, Natty knows exactlywho to call on for help. Soon she and Ned are on the trail of Flopper the rabbit and another fantastic adventure has begun...	2009-03-02	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781846967191	Tank Power	Anthony Loveless		Packed full of amazing images and edgy designs, these leisure reads for struggling or reluctant older readers help promote literacy and strengthen reading and comprehension skills.	2008-12-04	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781860074646	Astronomy	Terry Mahoney		This book takes a fascinating look at the study of the universe and how astronomy helps to unravel the secrets of space and time.	2003	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846965609	Planes	Frances Ridley		Six great readers' filled with must-have vehicle information and superb photographs. Each double page spread focuses on just one vehicle: what is it used for, what it can do, physical characteristics and statistics	2007-08-16	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846965647	Rescue vehicles	Frances Ridley		Six great readers' filled with must-have vehicle information and superb photographs. Each double page spread focuses on just one vehicle: what is it used for, what it can do, physical characteristics and statistics	2007-08-16	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846966460	How to Improve at Karate	Ashley Martin		New fantastic titles in this best selling series of How To guides for sports enthusiasts. Each book gives the player or athlete the key information about their sport - from the most basic skills to advanced techniques and the manoeuvres used by top sports stars.	2008-03-01	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9780746090015	Treasury of Animal Stories	Anna Milbourne			2008-06-27	Usborne Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780439996105	Oliver Cromwell and His Warts	Alan MacDonald		Oliver Cromwell is dead famous for giving King Charles I the chop, clobbering Cavaliers with his Roundheads and having some rather revolting warts. But did you know that he cancelled Christmas, banned swearing and went to a party covered in poo?	2000	Hippo						ZZZ000000
9780439236393	Robin Hood	Ann McGovern&Tracy Sugarman		OUTLAW!Robin Hood is an outlaw living in the heart of Sherwoood Forest. In a time when laws are unfair and the poor must go hungry, Robin Hood is a friend of the poor. He takes money from the rich and helps all those who come through Sherwood Forest.Although Robin Hood is a hero to the people, he is wanted as an outlaw and a criminal by the king and his men. Can Robin Hood avoid being caught by the king?	2001	Scholastic Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780746084540	Hop, Skip and Jump	Fiona Watt			2007-11-27	Usborne Publishing, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781409510116	Encyclopedia World Religions	Clare Hickman&Susan Meredith			2010-01	Usborne Publishing, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846969539	Body Talk	Anita Naik		Packed full of essential information, this series of books for older and teenage readers are both a fascinating read and a valuable resource.	2009-04-02	Ticktock Media Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780439792127	True Ghost Stories: Totally Haunted Kids	Allan Zullo			2005	Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781846967160	Fishing	Gary Newman			2008-11	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9780545100748	39 Clues,Card Pack #1 Non Prize	Scholastic Inc.		This set contains 16 cards game and a clue finder guide.	2008	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439353694	Everything New Under the Sun	Anne Mazer		Abby's best friend, Jessica, is away for the rest of the school year and Abby's other good friends seem to be spending more time with each other than they are with her. So when Grandma Emma invites Abby to come for a visit over spring vacation, Abby is thrilled--there has never been a better time to get away from home. But Abby's cousin Cleo is also spending the week with Grandma Emma. At first, Abby and Cleo don't get along at all. But working as a team on a bookmaking project shows them how much they have in common and brings them closer together.	2003	Scholastic Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780590629805	The Message	Katherine Applegate		Unable to ignore the strange dreams that she and her friends have experienced since they developed morphing powers, Cassie wonders if a dream that draws her to the sea is a cry for help or a trap. Original.	1996	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781846965043	At the Dentist	Melanie Joyce		Join Fred Bear and his cuddly friends as they enjoy the many exciting new experiences that all young children will need to tackle in the first years of their lives. The battered group of old toys will put pre-schoolers at ease and turn first experiences into much anticipated adventures.	2007-07	Ticktock Media						ZZZ000000
9781846965050	At the Doctor's	Melanie Joyce		Join Fred Bear and his cuddly friends as they enjoy the many exciting new experiences that all young children will need to tackle in the first years of their lives. The battered group of old toys will put pre-schoolers at ease and turn first experiences into much anticipated adventures.	2007-10-18	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846965098	At the Hospital	Melanie Joyce		Join Fred Bear and his cuddly friends as they enjoy the many exciting new experiences that all young children will need to tackle in the first years of their lives. The battered group of old toys will put pre-schoolers at ease and turn first experiences into much anticipated adventures.	2007-07	Ticktock Media						ZZZ000000
9780439560009	Dracula Doesn't Play Kickball	Debbie Dadey&Marcia Thornton Jones&John Steven Gurney		Just when you thought it was safe to go out on the playground...Drac is back!There are some odd grown-ups living in Bailey City. But could the school's new playground monitor really be the most famous vampire of all? The Bailey School Kids are going to find out!	2004	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590189842	Frankenstein Doesn't Slam Hockey Pucks	Debbie Dadey&Marcia Thornton Jones&John Steven Gurney		The Bailey School Kids begin to worry when they meet the coach of the new junior hockey team, the creepy assistant from the science museum, who bears a startling resemblance to Frankenstein's monster. Original.	1999	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590472982	Pirates Don't Wear Pink Sunglasses	Debbie Dadey&Marcia Thornton Jones		Suspense, humor, and the appealing Bailey School kids make this an irresistible early chapter book. At Camp Lone Wolf, the Bailey kids suspect that the camp director is a werewolf. What's more, the newest member of the camp staff, Captain Teach, thinks he's a pirate. Line drawings.	1994-06-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590189859	Trolls Don't Ride Roller Coasters	Debbie Dadey&Marcia Thornton Jones		Although Eddie and his friends are having a great time at the spring carnival, riding the rides seems a lot less interesting when they realize a tiny woman selling T-shirts is really a troll scaring kids. Original.	1999-03-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439215831	Vikings Don't Wear Wrestling Belts	Debbie Dadey&Marcia Thornton Jones		There are some pretty weird grown-ups living in Bailey City. But could the professional wrestler in town for WestleBaileyLive be a real-lie Viking? The Bailey School kids are going to find out!	2001-08-01	Scholastic Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9780439959599	The Cobra King of Kathmandu	P. B. Kerr		Fiery magic in a land of ice|Midnight intruders and murder by snakebite sweep John and PhilippaGaunt headlong into their third fantastic adventure.In snowy Nepal, the Children of the Lamp face the ultimate test oftheir amazing djinn powers. Can they uncover the venemous secretsof an evil Snake Cult to find the long-lost talisman of the CobraKing?Praise for CHILDREN OF THE LAMP: "Pure, action-packed fun" THE TIMES	2007-01-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9788184773934	Classic Love Stories	Compilation		Extracts from eleven classic novels by best-known authors.	2009	Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780439585590	The Snow Dog	Lisa Ann Marsoli&Steve Haefele			2004-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439332460	The big egg hunt	Suzanne Weyn&Jim Durk&Norman Bridwell		It's the day of Birdwell Island's people-and-pups egg hunt. People and their pooches pair up to look for colored eggs.Everyone's having fun...except T-Bone. He can't seem to find a single egg! Then, mysteriously, eggs start appearing right in front of him! Is it Easter luck? Or are his friends helping him along so that he can enjoy the egg hunt, too? Find out in this egg-citing adventure!	2002-03-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439418331	La Semana Atareada de Clifford,Le Semana Atareada De Clifford	Norman Bridwell		It's Sunday, and Clifford and Emily Elizabeth are going to visit her grandma. But Clifford can't find Mr. Squeaky, his favorite toy mouse! Emily Elizabeth and Clifford return to the places they visited the previous week to look for Mr. Squeaky. On Monday, they went to the playground--no Mr. Squeaky. On Tuesday, they went to the farmer's market--no Mr. Squeaky. Mr. Squeaky isn't at the amusement park they visited on Wednesday, either. Eventually, they find Mr. Squeaky at Grandma's, but not before they look in a pig pen at a farm, and in the water under the dock. Clifford had a busy week! Es domingo y Emily Elizabeth quiere ir con Clifford a visitar a su abuela, pero Clifford no encuentra a Don Chillon, su raton favorito. Emily Elizabeth y Clifford buscan a Don Chillon en todos los lugares que visitaron durante la semana, pero no lo encuentran. Finalmente, se llevan una gran sorpresa cuando descubren que Don Chillon esta en casa de la abuela!	2002-09-01	Scholastic Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780439690461	Spring garden sticker storybook	Guy Davis			2005-01-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781902626468	Mission Xtreme 3D Dinosaurs,Top Secret Mission to Explore a Lost World Full of Pre-Historic Creatures	Chris Madsen		Your mission: to go back in time with amazing deep view 3D and roam with the dinosaurs! From fast sprinters to long-necked nibblers and a whole host of swimming, flying and bone-crunching dinosaurs - they're all in here. Packed with information, 3D pictures and an interactive Question and Answer section on each page. This is a must for all true dino fans.	2003-04-29	Red Bird Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780590849043	Dragons Don't Cook Pizza	Debbie Dadey&Marcia T. Jones		Mrs. Jeepers's class is visiting the new Jewel's Pizza Castle and trying to discover the secret to the best-tasting pizza in town. Could it be that behind the guarded kitchen door is a fire-breathing dragon?	1997	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781846967849	Everyday French	Sue Finnie & Daniele Bourdais&Ticktock Media Limited			2008-11-27	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846967832	Everyday: Spanish	Sue Finnie & Daniele Bourdais			2008	TickTock Books						ZZZ000000
9781846965067	First Day at School	Melanie Joyce		Join Fred Bear and his cuddly friends as they enjoy the many exciting new experiences that all young children will need to tackle in the first years of their lives. The battered group of old toys will put pre-schoolers at ease and turn first experiences into much anticipated adventures.	2007-10-18	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9788184770193	For Kids By Kids (2008)	Anupa Lal				Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780439963954	The Haunting of Alaizabel Cray	Chris Wooding		Presents a dark fantasy set in a parallel London stalked by demons. Wych-hunters such as Thaniel Fox keep all kinds of demons at bay. One night he rescues a young woman, the beautiful and vulnerable Alaizabel. But Alaizabel is nursing a dark secret, one that even she does not understand, a secret that could unleash the most terrible evil of all.	2006	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439943819	Pirates and Their Caribbean Capers	Michael Cox		You've probably heard of a few pirates... · Horrible Henry Morgan and his flaming fire ships · Awful Anne Bonny and her flaming temper · Barmy Blackbeard and his - er - flaming black beard. But have you heard that: · Henry Morgan ate his own shoes? · Anne Bonny scared strong men shirtless? · Blackbeard guzzled his rum with a dash of dynamite? Now you can get the inside story from pirates' long-lost log-books, read the terrible truth about real pirate life and find out all about the biggest, baddest buccaneers who ever sailed the bounding main| Horribly Funny ~ Horribly Gripping ~ Horribly Famous	2007-05-07	Scholastic						JNF025000
9781407104256	Angry Aztecs	Terry Deary		It's history with the nasty bits left in!Want to know: Why the Aztecs liked to eat scum? When the world is going to end? How to play a really violent ball game?Discover all the foul facts about the Angry Aztecs - all the goreand more!	2008-06-02	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781407104218	Barmy British Empire	Terry Deary		It's history with the nasty bits left in!Want to know:· How a war started when a Brit insisted on sitting on a stool?· Who wore a necklace made of 50 human skulls?· Why a Brit soldier used his own coffin as a wardrobe?Discover all the foul facts about the Barmy British Empire - allthe gore and more!	2008-04-07	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590113205	The frightful First World War	Terry Deary&Martin Brown		The details of the dreadful war that affected everyone, from peace-loving protesters to the suffering soldiers. There are ropey rhymes and sad songs, rotten rules and sinister superstitions. Here is the horror and the hardships of World War I, which lasted for four years.	1998-11-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590543767	Rowdy Revolutions	Terry Deary		Terrifying tales of rebellions and revolutions from the earliest days of horrible history to the pitiful present day. Read on for information about nobbled nobles, loathsome lords, weary workers and furious farmers and discover how to plan your own rowdy revolution.	1999	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439977401	The Villainous Victorians	Terry Deary		Terry revisits one of the best-selling subjects on the list, andgives us more of the grim truth about the nasty nineteenth century.	2004-09-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590552899	The awesome Egyptians	Terry Deary&Peter Hepplewhite&Martin Brown		History with the nasty bits left in. Awful information about phabulous Pharoahs, mean mummies, revolting recipes for 3000 year old sweets, and more. History has never been so horrible! For 9-12 year olds.	1993-06-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781407112008	Planet in Peril	Anita Ganeri		The next title in the colour Horrible Geography Handbooks series. From climate change to carbon footprints How to Save the Planet is a Horribly useful guide the environmental issues children are most concerned about and offers oodles of ideas of things readers can do to help to save the planet.	2009-06-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781407108377	Horrible Histories. Horribly Hilarious Joke Book	Terry Deary		Hundreds of horribly hilarious historical jokes in one laugh-out-loud book make this a must-have book for any Horrible Histories fan. Literally laugh your head off at this comical collection of nasty bits.	2009-06-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590738712	The Magic School Bus Taking Flight,A Book about Flight	Gail Herman&Joanna Cole		How do things fly? When Ms. Frizzle and her class are shrunk inside Wanda and Tim's model airplane, they discover how wings and moving air affect flight in a series of high adventures.	1997	Scholastic Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780439977296	The Phantom X	Kjartan Poskitt		Is maths making you miserable? Are you alarmed by algebra and flummoxedby formulas? Do equations make you quake? Look no further:The Phantom is here to banish algebraic agony for good.Find out what Grizelda the Grisly buys on a shopping trip to theSlaughter-o-Mart, face another diabolical challenge from ProfessorFiendish, and enter the Murderous Maths testing laboratory in thedisturbing disguise of a Pure Mathematician. Meanwhile, the gangstersdiscover that, sometimes, x = a big, fat nothing.	2003-11-01	Hippo						ZZZ000000
9781846965074	The New House	Melanie Joyce		Join Fred Bear and his cuddly friends as they enjoy the many exciting new experiences that all young children will need to tackle in the first years of their lives. The battered group of old toys will put pre-schoolers at ease and turn first experiences into much anticipated adventures.	2007-10-18	Ticktock Media Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780439628150	Clifford's really big movie,on the road	Ruth Koeppel		Worried that the Howards think he eats too much, Clifford runs away from Birdwell Island with Cleo and T-Bone. They join a traveling animal show in order to win a lifetime supply of Tummy Yummies dog food, leading them on an amazing adventure that crosses America. The world outside of Birdwell is more than ready for the Big Red Dog . . . but is Clifford really ready for the big wide world without Emily Elizabeth by his side?Kids can help Clifford win the big carnival contest . . . and return home safely to his family . . . by placing the included stickers on the correct pages.	2004-01-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781902626567	Predators and Their Prey,Mission Xtreme 3D	Chris Madsen			2004-08-01	Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781846960352	Cretaceous life	Dougal Dixon		(back cover) Explore the thrilling world of Cretaceous Life animals. Dramatic, scientifically accurate color illustrations plus a wealth of factual details based on archaeological findings will give you a vivid picture of the exotic creatures that inhabited the Earth during the Cretaceous Age. Inside youall find: Fantastic fossils Detailed artworks Animal fact files A prehistoric timeline	2006-10-26	TickTock Books						ZZZ000000
9781846960321	Early life	Dougal Dixon		(back cover) Explore the thrilling world of Early Life animals. Dramatic, scientifically accurate color illustrations plus a wealth of factual details based on archaeological findings will give you a vivid picture of the exotic creatures that inhabited the Earth hundreds of millions of years ago. Inside youall find: Fantastic fossils Detailed artworks Animal fact files A prehistoric timeline	2006-10-26	Ticktock Media						ZZZ000000
9781846960376	The ice age	Dougal Dixon		The most recent Ice Age is the period during which modern man and mammals appeared. " Prehistoric World Books " combine dramatic, scientifically accurate color illustrations with a wealth of factual details based on archaeological findings to give young readers a vivid picture of the exotic succession of animals that inhabited the Earth in the prehistoric era. Dating back to perhaps 300 million years ago, with the earliest-known life forms, the six titles in this series carry the history of animal life forward to man-like creatures such as homo erectus, and finally to prehistoric homo sapiens, or human beings like ourselves, whose origins date back an estimated 200,000 years. Individual species are presented on two-page spreads that show large illustrations of the animal when it was alive, photos of reconstructed fossil skeletons, and a list of descriptive factual details. These books are great sources for elementary school class projects, or simply for fun reading.	2006-10-26	Ticktock						ZZZ000000
9781840263367	Microfacts Racing Cars	Design Eye Publishing Limited			2004-01-13	Design Eye Publishing Limited						ZZZ000000
9781860075858	Science of protecting the planet	Jeremy Smith			2005-01-01	Ticktock Media						ZZZ000000
9781860075865	Searching for Life in Space	Clint Twist			2005-01-01	Ticktock Media						ZZZ000000
9780439569897	Sleeps for the winter	Eva Moore		Ms. Frizzle always takes her class on cool trips. This time, they head to Animal Land Park, and the bus turns into a bear. When it starts to get cold, the bear goes to sleep. What should the class do?Hop on the Magic School Bus and learn all about how different kinds of animals survive through the winter.	2005	Scholastic Inc.						ZZZ000000
9781845100971	Flags	Top That! Publishing PLC		Each title combines a bestselling reference topic with every child's favourite addition ' stickers! The series builds into an invaluable homework reference library with popular subjects to appeal to every taste.	2004	Top That! Publishing PLC						ZZZ000000
9780439959575	Storm Thief	Chris Wooding		Orokos is a city of chaos, lashed by probability storms that re-order the world wherever they strike. Three of its denizens discover a map that holds the key to the secret at the heart of Orokos, but there are others who would do anything to get their hands on that power.	2006	Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780439741125	Training Bruce Wayne	Holly Kowitt&Christopher Nolan		Before Batman could protect Gotham City, he had to learn the skills to become a great warrior. This Reader retells Bruce Wayne's training segment of the exciting new motion picture BATMAN BEGINS, told with full-color stills from the movie!	2005-06-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780746062340	Christmas Fairy Things to Make and Do	Rebecca Gilpin			2004-10-18	Usborne						ZZZ000000
9780746078945	Usborne Activities: 50 Easter Things To Make & Do	Rogers				Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780746061220	Children's Encyclopedia	David Hancock			2004	Usborne						ZZZ000000
9780746076347	Christmas Snap	Usborne			2006-08-25	Usborne						ZZZ000000
9780746099551	Encyclopaedia of Planet Earth	Anna Claybourne&Anna Claybourne Rebecca Treays&Gill Harvey		A dynamic and comprehensive introduction to physical geography, which explores our world's most dramatic features.Clear photographs and graphic illustrations help children to explore the structure of the earth.Internet-linked to help readers build on their knowledge by accessing relevant websites.	2009	Usborne Publishing, Limited						JNF051080
9780746095850	Illustrated Animal Stories	Lesley Sims		A gorgeous gift for young children, this beautiful treasury of Usborne Young Reading and First Reading titles will delight and entertain with its collection of classic animal stories.Contains twelve classic animal stories from around the world.Each story is bursting with colourful and lively illustrations.Usborne's Young Reading and First Reading series are developed in conjunction with experts from Roehampton University and are designed to encourage independent reading. Each story has clear, engaging text and is accompanied by original illustrations.	2008-10-28	Usborne Publishing						JUV045000
9781409510147	Science Encyclopedia	Kirsteen Rogers&Laura Howell&Alastair Smith&Phillip Clarke&Corinne Henderson		An outstanding science resource which can be enhanced by visiting any of over 1,000 recommended, regularly reviewed web sites, or which stands alone as a complete, self-contained reference tool. Covers the whole field of science, including physics, chemistry, biology, information technology, earth sciences and astronomy. With up-to-date information on new fields such as genetic engineering, nanotechnology and the safeguarding of the environment. Each recommended web site is accompanied by a brief description of what you will find there and why we think it is worth visiting, from dissecting a frog to designing your own rollercoaster. Thematically arranged with an intelligent system of cross-referencing and an extensive reference section including charts, glossary and a full index.	2010-03-01	Usborne Publishing, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781409508496	Yummy Little Cookbook	Rebecca Gilpin&Catherine Atkinson		Packed with recipes for delicious goodies including chocolate truffles, coconut mice, peppermint creams and fruit bread, this will give cooks both young and old plenty of inspiration in the kitchen.	2010-01-01	Usborne Publishing, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846967054	Vampire Castle	Anne Rooney		Packed full of amazing images and edgy designs, these leisure reads for struggling or reluctant older readers help promote literacy and strengthen reading and comprehension skills.	2008-07-03	Ticktock Media Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781860078569	Desert	Ticktock Media Limited			2006-01-01	Ticktock Media Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781860078514	Farm	TickTock Books&Ticktock Media Limited			2006	Ticktock Media						ZZZ000000
9781860078545	Garden	Ticktock Media Limited			2006-01-01	Ticktock Media						ZZZ000000
9781846967061	Zombies on the Loose	Anne Rooney		Packed full of amazing images and edgy designs, these leisure reads for struggling or reluctant older readers help promote literacy and strengthen reading and comprehension skills.	2008-07-03	Ticktock Media Limited						JNF008000
9781846960529	Let's explore Jupiter	Helen Orme&David Orme		One of 12 brilliant books that explore our Solar System and give young readers a fantastic introduction to the subject of astronomy. Superb photographs and illustrations show budding young astronomers how the planets look up close, while the simple, fact packed text brings the subject matter to life and makes even the trickiest information easy to read.	2007-02-08	Ticktock Media Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781846960550	Let's explore Neptune	Helen Orme&David Orme		One of 12 brilliant books that explore our Solar System and give young readers a fantastic introduction to the subject of astronomy. Superb photographs and illustrations show budding young astronomers how the planets look up close, while the simple, fact packed text brings the subject matter to life and makes even the trickiest information easy to read.	2007-02-08	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846960567	Let's explore Pluto and other dwarf planets	Helen Orme&David Orme		One of 12 brilliant books that explore our Solar System and give young readers a fantastic introduction to the subject of astronomy. Superb photographs and illustrations show budding young astronomers how the planets look up close, while the simple, fact packed text brings the subject matter to life and makes even the trickiest information easy to read.	2007	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846960482	Let's Explore the Sun	Helen Orme&David Orme		Let's Explore the Sun investigates the latest discoveries about the Sun, describes its birth and eventual death, and highlights its importance to all objects in the solar system. Book jacket.	2007-02-08	Ticktock Media Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781846960543	Let's Explore Uranus	Helen Orme		One of 12 brilliant books that explore our Solar System and give young readers a fantastic introduction to the subject of astronomy. Superb photographs and illustrations show budding young astronomers how the planets look up close, while the simple, fact packed text brings the subject matter to life and makes even the trickiest information easy to read.	2007-02-08	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846960505	Let's Explore Venus	Helen Orme&David Orme		One of 12 brilliant books that explore our Solar System and give young readers a fantastic introduction to the subject of astronomy. Superb photographs and illustrations show budding young astronomers how the planets look up close, while the simple, fact packed text brings the subject matter to life and makes even the trickiest information easy to read.	2007-01	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781860075568	Skin, Muscles and Bones	Steve Parker			2004	Ticktock Media Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781846960109	How to Improve at Golf	Peter Parks		New fantastic titles in this best selling series of How To guides for sports enthusiasts. Each book gives the player or athlete the key information about their sport - from the most basic skills to advanced techniques and the manoeuvres used by top sports stars.	2007-11	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9780545152969	Into the Gauntlet	Margaret Peterson Haddix		Throughout the hunt for the 39 Clues, Amy and Dan Cahill have uncovered history's greatest mysteries and their family's deadliest secrets. But are they ready to face the truth about the Cahills and the key to their unmatched power? After a whirlwind race that's taken them across five continents, Amy and Dan face the most the difficult challenge yet- a task no Cahill dared to imagine. When faced with a choice that could change the future of the world, can two kids succeed where 500 years worth of famous ancestors failed	2010	Scholastic, Incorporated						ZZZ000000
9781860078606	People of the world	Dee Phillips			2006	Ticktock Media Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780439376426	Ricky Ricotta's Mighty Robot vs. the Jurassic Jackrabbits from Jupiter,the fifth robot adventure novel	Dav Pilkey		General Jackrabbit and his Robo-Rabbits from Jupiter attempt to take over the world on Ricky Ricotta's birthday.	2002-09-01	Blue Sky Press						ZZZ000000
9780439994576	Fashion Show Fun	Caroline Plaisted		The girls are flicking through a magazine when they see a fantasticcompetiton to design an outfit. The winner gets her design madeup and displayed in Girl's Dream-the Glitter Girls' MOST favouriteshop-and a day as a model!They're desperate to win such an amazing prize, but will their designsbe good enough, and can they all be winners...?	2002	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439994064	Magical makeovers	Caroline Plaisted		The Glitter Girls are the coolest group of girls, and they've gotto find something super-brilliant to do for the school fete. Luckily,they've come up with the most original idea of all-they'regoing to offer makeovers for everyone. The whole school will be queuingup to get the Glitter treatment! All they need is a few essentialaccessories-the prettiest sparkly hair slides, the shiniestlip-gloss-the Glitter Girls have got it sorted!	2001-10-19	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439997478	Vicious circles and other savage shapes	Kjartan Poskitt&Philip Reeve		Is maths making you miserable? Are you perplexed by polygons and addled by angles? Do you sometimes wonder where to stick your compasses? Then maybe this book can help.	2002	Hippo						ZZZ000000
9780439011532	More murderous maths	Kjartan Poskitt		Find out how to escape the evil clutches of Professor Fiendish, why maths could save us from the destruction of life on Earth, and meet Pythagoras, who got so upset about maths that he murdered someone. Plus, One Finger Jimmy and the rest of the gang are here to show how dangerous maths can be.	1999	Hippo						ZZZ000000
9780439011563	Murderous maths	Kjartan Poskitt		Find out about how maths could help you rescue someone in deadly peril, how not to shoot yourself with a cannon, and meet famous mathematicians who were really hard. And watch out for One Finger Jimmy, Chainsaw Charlie and their gangster friends, who are living proof that maths can be murderous.	1999	Hippo						ZZZ000000
9780439943284	Codes,How to Make Them and Break Them	Kjartan Poskitt		Will show readers how to encode/decode their own messages in as manyw ays as possible.E xamples of differently coded messages will also fit in well witht he diverse range of the usual MM characters.C ontents would include:- Disguised codes (e.g. see the last para of synopsis)- Scrambled codes (where the order of letters is mixed up)- Substitution codes (where letters are replaced by other letterso r symbols or just 14 21 13 2 5 18 19 )- Some history of how codes have been used in the past, from ancientR oman times to cracking the WW2 German Enigma machine.- Other message systems such as morse code, flags and also activityi deas such as making cut-out stencils that work with code grids.Although the other MM books deliberately avoid exercises or settingq uestions, this title lends itself to setting messages that needd ecoding by the reader, possibly leading up to a mega messaget o decode at the end.Can you see this very last paragraph is coded? (Read all the fourthw ords). The book demonstrates other codes you've probably neverr eally been aware of. Stop waiting therefore and go for it.	2007	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439959018	Perfect Sausage and Other Fundamental Formulas	Kjartan Poskitt		Is maths making you miserable? Are you forever getting your sumsin a muddle and floundering with your formulas? Get back on trackwith The Perfect Sausage.Find out how Pongo McWhiffy makes a perfect fried egg, how to getyour fair share of the gangsters' leftover pizza and what makesmoney really interesting. Meet the Gollarks' evil allies as theyprepare for another invasion and join the Pure Mathematicians ina high-speed car chase. Can the Mathsmobile take the pace? Meanwhile,back at the Last Chance Saloon, Brett Shuffler brings the housedown and Riverboat Lil meets her match.	2005	Hippo						ZZZ000000
9780439080835	The Case of the Stolen Baseball Cards	James Preller&John Speirs&R. W. Alley		When Eddie's baseball cards are missing, Jigsaw steps up to the plate. He's no rookie detective! Solving this case is sure to send Jigsaw and Mila straight to the Detective's Hall of Fame.	1999-07-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439999502	Horatio Nelson and His Victory	Philip Reeve		You've probably heard of Horatio Nelson...H e is dead famous for:* courageously winning the Battle of Trafalgar* carelessly losing and arm and an eye* being stuck up a very high columnB ut have you heard that Horatio:* nearly got killed by a polar bear* ate rats and maggots* was pickled in a barrel of brandy?Y es, even though he's dead, Horatio's still full of surprises. Nowy ou can get the inside story with Horatio's secret logbook, reads candalous snippets from The Solar Orb and relive the excitemento f the greatest sea battle in history-aboard the Victory.	2003-03-21	Scholastic Children's Books						ZZZ000000
9780439963930	Infernal Devices	Philip Reeve		Nearly twenty years after the events of Mortal Engines and Predator's Gold, Tom and Hester have finally settled down. The wild adventures of their past are now little more than stories to tell their daughter, Wren, who relishes their adventures just a little bit too much. Her foolhardiness gets her kidnapped-and worse, whisked right back into the very world her parents thought they'd left behind. To rescue her, Tom and Hester must jump headfirst back into danger. Their pursuit will reunite them with enemies they thought they'd left behind forever, will ask of them sacrifices that no parent can make, and will cost one of them everything that matters most.	2006-03-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439977340	Predator's gold	Philip Reeve		Fleeing from an Anti-Tractionist sect, the Green Storm, Tom and Hesterare left drifting in the frozen Ice Wastes, slowly dying ofcold after the Jenny Haniver's engines have failed. They are savedat the last minute, finding Anchorage, a once-beautiful ice citythat has fallen on hard times. Crippled by plague, there are barelyfifty souls on Anchorage now, and the teenage margravine hasmade a desperate choice. They are heading for America, the DeadContinent...	2004-09-01	Scholastic Children's Books						JUV000000
9788184771343	The Tricky Tales Of Vikram And The Vetal	Deepa Agarwal				Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781846967092	Lost At Sea	Frances Ridley		Packed full of amazing images and edgy designs, these leisure reads for struggling or reluctant older readers help promote literacy and strengthen reading and comprehension skills.	2008	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9780545100755	The 39 Clues #01 The Maze Of Bones	Rick Riordan		What would happen if you discovered that your family was one of the most powerful in human history? What if you were told that the source of the family's power was hidden around the world in theform of 39 clues? What if you were given a choice - take a million dollars and walk away ... or get the first clue and begin the search? At the reading of their grandmother's will, Dan and Amy are given this choice - and they take the clue. Immediately, they are caught in a dangerous race against their own family members. The hunt is on...	2008-09-09	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781846967481	Secrets of Manga and Comics	Eddie Robson		Packed full of amazing images and edgy designs, these leisure reads for struggling or reluctant older readers help promote literacy and strengthen reading and comprehension skills.	2009-01-01	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9780545101493	Scholastic Encyclopedia Of The Presidents And Their Times	DAVID RUBEL&James M. (FRW) McPherson		The Scholastic Encyclopedia of the Presidents and Their Times documents the tenure of each of the American presidents. It also includes information about the headlines, people, and fads that were defining America during each presidency. It is an easy-to-use resource that reflects events through the election of the next president in 2008.  Each profile includes a fact box that lists the president's birthday, birthplace, vice president, wife, children, and nickname. It also lists the president's full name and years he was in office. Following the fact box is a one-page description of each year that president served. In other words, there are eight pages about Clinton and four about Carter. Each page explains the key issues that the president addressed that year, as well as what was important to Americans at that time. A brief description of each presidential campaign is included as well.  Besides serving as a quick reference source for information on the presidents, this title offers insight into general American history as well. For example, if a child born in 1990 wanted to see who was president when she was born, she could look up the page for 1990. There she would find that Bush was president and one of the biggest issues he faced that year was the Gulf War. She would also discover that Nelson Mandela was released from prison in South Africa in 1990 and that hip-hop music was beginning to attract a strong following.  Two additional features follow the presidential profiles. The first is a table with the results of all American presidential elections. It includes the candidates' names, their parties, and the popular and electoral votes each recieved. The other feature is a history of the White House that includes several photos of the White House over the past 150 years.	2009-01-01	Scholastic Inc.						ZZZ000000
9781846960055	The Story Of Julius Caesar	Nick Saunders			2006	Ticktock						ZZZ000000
9781846969577	Too Fat? Too Thin?	Melissa Sayer		Packed full of essential information, this series of books for older and teenage readers are both a fascinating read and a valuable resource.	2009-03-01	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9780439155298	Discover Yourself	Lori Moore Stacy		Preteens can take the 25 quizzes in this book to explore their emotions, learn what makes them unique, and discover how to love and accept themselves. Questions explore friendship, crushes, and handwriting analysis.	2000-02-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9788184770407	Science In A Can	Steven Tomecek				Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781846967207	Clash C.S.I. - Trail of Blood	Darlene Stille		Packed full of amazing images and edgy designs, these leisure reads for struggling or reluctant older readers help promote literacy and strengthen reading and comprehension skills.	2008-07-03	Ticktock Media Limited						JNF030000
9781846967146	C.S.I Diamond Robbery	Darlene Stille		Packed full of amazing images and edgy designs, these leisure reads for struggling or reluctant older readers help promote literacy and strengthen reading and comprehension skills	2008-11-27	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9780590399906	Bride of the living dummy	R. L. Stine		Slappy the demonic dummy meets his match in a bride dummy of even worse designs who, like her counterpart, comes to life to make everyone's worst nightmares come true. Original.	1998-11-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590399890	Creature teacher	R. L. Stine		Twelve-year-old Paul Perez is sent to a boarding school where he learns that his new teacher, Mrs. Maaargh, is a monster who likes to eat children.	1998-11-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590399869	I Live in Your Basement!	R. L. Stine		When Marco gets hit by a bat while playing baseball, he begins to hear a voice that identifies itself as Keith, a resident of Marco's basement, who turns out to be a slimy monster. Original.	1997-11-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590568869	Vampire Breath	R. L. Stine		Exploring his basement, Freddy and his friend Cara discover a mysterious bottle labeled "Vampire Breath" and accidentally break it open, unleashing a very thirsty Count Nightwing on the town. Original.	1996-11-01	Scholastic Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780590399937	I am your evil twin	R. L. Stine		Monty is shocked to see his evil twin round the corner and confront him.	1998-11-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780590921664	Help!,I'm Trapped in the President's Body	Todd Strasser		When the president of the United States visits Jake Sherman's school, a crazy mistake involving a body-switching machine turns Jake into a very reluctant commander-in-chief. Original.	1997-01-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439147736	Help! I'm Trapped in a Professional Wrestler's Body	Todd Strasser		When Jake and his friends land ringside seats for WrestleInsanity, Andy foolishly switches bodies with Brainiac Bloom just before the match begins, and it's up to Jake to save him from Neutron Newman, the Human Bomb. Original.	2000-02-01	Scholastic Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9780439398817	Goodnight, My Duckling	Nancy Tafuri		As a mother duck leads her ducklings home, one dawdles and is left behind but, luckily, a friend is there to help the little duckling back to his nest in time for bed.	2005-02-01	Scholastic Press						ZZZ000000
9788176554787	India In My Pocket	Vaijayanti Savant Tonpe				Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781846967474	Bigfoot and Other Mysteries	John Townsend		Packed full of amazing images and edgy designs, these leisure reads for struggling or reluctant older readers help promote literacy and strengthen reading and comprehension skills.	2009-01-01	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846967139	Clash C.S.I. - Bank Robbery	John Townsend		Packed full of amazing images and edgy designs, these leisure reads for struggling or reluctant older readers help promote literacy and strengthen reading and comprehension skills.	2008-07-03	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846967115	Bone Detective	John Townsend		Packed full of amazing images and edgy designs, these leisure reads for struggling or reluctant older readers help promote literacy and strengthen reading and comprehension skills.	2008-07-01	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846967467	Werewolf Attack	John Townsend		Packed full of amazing images and edgy designs, these leisure reads for struggling or reluctant older readers help promote literacy and strengthen reading and comprehension skills	2008-11-27	Ticktock Media Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781409514237	Essential Atlas of the World	Stephanie Turnbull		An atlas introducing children to the basics of geography and mapping in an exciting and accessible way. A wealth of full-colour maps, facts, diagrams and photographs help children to understand the geography of the world and introduce them to the people who live there. Facilitates an understanding of the relationship between countries and continents and their varying characteristics, and gives an insight into how maps are created.	2010	Usborne Publishing, Limited						JNF038000
9780746047163	The Usborne Internet-linked children's world atlas	Stephanie Turnbull			2002-09-01	Usborne						ZZZ000000
9781846960307	Judaism	Anita Ganeri			2006-10-01	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846960260	Buddhism	Anita Ganeri			2006	Ticktock Media Limited						ZZZ000000
9781846960284	Hinduism	Anita Ganeri			2006	Ticktock Media Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781906427153	The Crowfield Curse	Pat Walsh		It's 1347 and fifteen-year-old Will, an orphan boy, lives at Crowfield Abbey. Sent into the forest to gather wood, he rescues instead, a creature from a trap - a hob, who shares with Will a terrible secret. Somewhere in the forest behind the abbey where he lives,is a grave. And buried deep in the snow is an angel. But how can an angel die? What has it to do with the monks of the Abbey? When two hooded strangers arrive at Crowfield asking questions about the angel's grave. Will is drawn into a world of dangerous Old Magic. The Crowfield Feather was short-listed for the Times Chidren's Fiction Competition in 2008. This is a stunning debut novel and the first of a two part series.	2010-01-04	Chicken House, The						JUV000000
9780439944991	Writing Without Pencils	Brenda Whittle		CREATIVE EARLY YEARS provides imaginative play-based ideas that fulfilthe early years curriculum in an inspirational way:* Imaginative play-based ideas* Cross-curricular activities* Covers Early Learning Goals and Stepping StonesYou don't need a pencil to write| WRITING WITHOUT PENCILS throwsaway traditional techniques and shows you how the children can:* Grow their name in cress* Write messages in torch-light* Write in icing on fairy cakes* Tell stories verbally* Write in the sky with toy aeroplanes	2007-01-08	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439963572	Boudica and Her Barmy Army	Valerie Wilding		You've probably heard of Boudica...She is dead famous for:- galloping to battle in a rattling chariot- being big and kinda scary- getting very, very angry with her Roman rulersBut have you heard that Boudica:- learned to use weapons when she was a little girl- chopped off the Emperor Claudius's head (well, sort of)- burned London to the ground?Yes, even though she's dead, Boudica's still full of surprises. Nowyou can get the inside story with Boudica's secret diary, getall the news from the Roman Messenger and the British Bugle and findout just how Boudica and her barmy army seriously put the windup the Romans.Dead Funny - Dead Gripping - Dead Famous	2005	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9781846960727	Birds	Brenda Williams		A new series that covers all the key information for the study of life cycles, but features a range of wild animals and plants that many young children may not be familiar with, such as giant anteaters and warthogs. Each book features six different animals, or plants, from that classification group.	2007-10-18	Ticktock Media Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781407103945	Malice	Chris Wooding		Everyone's heard of it, but nobody's read it... Seth and Kady have heard all the stories about MALICE - a secret comic about a strange and awful world full of traps and tricks, overseen by a sinister master of ceremonies, Tall Jake. But if rumours are to be believed, the children in this comic are real...	2009-02-02	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439680592	Haunted Kids,True Ghost Stories	Allan Zullo		Eleven tales, based in part on reported cases, of children's encounters with the supernatural.	1994-01	Scholastic						ZZZ000000
9780439680585	Haunted Animals	Allan Zullo		Presents nine tales involving a variety of animal ghosts.	1995-01-01	Scholastic India Pvt Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781847378804	Peter Bowles	Peter Bowles			2010-04-29	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781847387394	Suspicion	Kate Brian		Reed Brennan thought that a winter break in the islands with some of the Billings Girls, old and new, was just what she needed to recover from her traumatic last term at Easton. At first everything is perfect; relaxing, fun and elegant. But then things take a more sinister turn and suddenly Reed finds herself in danger once more. If Reed wants to survive her fateful vacation she must discover who is after her and why, before it's too late	2010-05-03	Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781416932437	Private	Kate Brian		One of the most infamous characters from Brian's Private series spins off into her own dark world of privilege. After the death of Thomas Pearson, Ariana Osgood is safely locked away in a mental institution. But she will stop at nothing to break out and rejoin the world of the wealthy.	2007-02-05	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781847375391	The Executioner	Chris Carter			2010-06	Simon + Schuster UK						ZZZ000000
9781847377876	The Shadow of Your Smile	Mary Higgins Clark		At age 83 and in failing health, Olivia Morrow faces a momentous choice. Should she reveal a family secret - that her cousin, Sister Catherine, a nun about to be beatified by the Catholic Church, had once been violated and given up her baby for adoption - or should she take the secret to her grave? Catherine's attacker, a world-renowned doctor and scientist, made a vast fortune for his medical inventions. Catherine's granddaughter, Dr. Monica Farrell, is his rightful heir, but Olivia would have to betray Catherine's wishes to reveal Monica's parentage. But there are people who are aware of Olivia's impending choice - those now squandering the money. To silence Olivia and prevent Monica from learning the secret, one of them will stop at nothing - even murder.	2010	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781847374615	So Stressed,A Plan for Managing Women's Stress to Restore Health, Joy and Peace of Mind	Stephanie McClellan&Beth Hamilton		So Stressed is also a landmark health book for women by two internationally respected female physicians. It combines insights from the authors' combined 50-plus years of clinical experience to reveal a unique view on stress and how it affects women's bodies and minds. McLellan and Hamilton reveal how stress disrupts the intricate balance of the female body to make it the root cause of an astoundingly wide range of physical problems. They have pulled together findings from around the world that substantiate their breakthrough view of stress as a previously unsuspected, widespread factor in chronic health conditions and premature ageing. They guide readers through the body in an accessible, interesting new way to show stress's effect on brain and pain, endocrine and immune systems, metabolism and heart, libido and reproductive systems, and basic wellbeing. Their cutting-edge findings make essential reading for women of all ages, and couldn't be timelier. This very important book will enable women everywhere to make lifestyle choices that will change - and possibly save - their lives.	2010-02-23	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781847377272	The Company of Shadows	Kresley Cole&Ruth Newman		Flicking through her friends' holiday snaps, Kate Benson receives a sudden shock. For there in the background is her husband, Charlie. Dark hair, blue eyes, familiar smile: there's no mistaking him. But that's impossible. Because Charlie died exactly a year ago. Determined to track down the man in the photograph, Kate follows the trail from Miami to Sicily, where her husband drowned in mysterious circumstances. But when she discovers serious discrepancies in the original investigation, Kate starts to question whether she ever really knew the man she loved so much. Was Charlie murdered? Was their marriage as perfect as Kate remembers? Who are the people following her? Who can she trust? And is Kate herself to be trusted? Because there are secrets in her past too . . .	2010	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781847376848	The Cookie Club	Ann Pearlman		On the first Monday of December, every year, twelve friends gather in the evening with batches of homemade cookies wrapped in beautiful packages. They drink wine, they eat and they take turns telling the story of the cookies they have baked. Somehow these stories are always emblematic of the year that has just passed, as complicated and rich as our own lives. Lives full of sisterly love and conflict, yearning for babies and grandchildren, passion and disillusionment with men, a secret decade long affair, the loss of a job, the death of a child . . . These women are as imperfect as real women, made heroic by their ability to resolve conflict, to endure and support each other. The Cookie Club is as involving, heartwarming and uplifting a story as you'll ever read.	2009-11-01	Simon + Schuster UK						ZZZ000000
9781847378668	The Leopard's Wife	Paul Pickering			2010	Simon + Schuster UK						ZZZ000000
9780743285889	Indian Summer,The Secret History of the End of an Empire	Alex von Tunzelmann		"At the stroke of midnight on August 15, 1947, one of the twentieth century's defining moments came as the sovereign nations of India and Pakistan were born, and 400 million people gained independence. With the loss of India, its greatest colony, the British empire gave up its centerpiece. Winston Churchill, who had done his best to sabotage India's independence, mourned Britain's loss of influence as the shift in power was felt around the world. In the new nations themselves, violence exploded: Muslims, Sikhs, and Hindus clashed in waves of slaughter, rape, and carnage. Millions were driven out or murdered as India's new leader, Jawaharlal Nehru, watched his dreams of "life and freedom" turn to chaos and destruction." "Such epic scenes are richly portrayed in Indian Summer, the debut of historian Alex von Tunzelmann, who brings grandeur to the days of empire, vivid life to battles, intimacy to human dramas, and clarity to the often ruthless politics that led to the partition of India and Pakistan. Von Tunzelmann's portraits of the protagonists set Indian Summer apart from previous accounts. Here, alternating between heroism and incompetence, is Britain's last viceroy, the resplendent Dickie Mountbatten, cousin to the king, a man determined to rekindle his family's faded glory. By his side is his wife, Edwina, one of the richest, most glamorous, and most scandalous women of her day. In India, she is transformed from a socialite to a heroine who risks her life repeatedly to help the victims of the partition wars. Despite her loyalty to her husband's goals, she finds the love of her life in a potentially disastrous liaison - with Prime Minister Nehru himself." "Indian Summer revolutionizes the image of Mohandas Gandhi, who rises to greatness despite his eccentricities. Gandhi's decisions compromise Nehru in his struggle against Mohammad Ali Jinnah, the Muslim leader who unites with Churchill to create the world's first modern Islamic democracy, Pakistan. For the first time, Indian Summer shows how Western treatment of the Muslim cause during this conflict set the stage for some of today's most incendiary international conflicts."--BOOK JACKET.	2007-07-02	Simon & Schuster, Limited						ZZZ000000
9780743285438	The Secret Man,The Story of Watergate's Deep Throat	Bob Woodward		WASHINGTON D.C., JUNE 1972: five men are arrested for a burglary at the Democratic National Committee Offices in the Watergate complex and so begins the most amazing chapter in twentieth century American politics. The ultimate outcome of which was the only resignation from office of a US president, Richard Nixon. In 1974, the two young Washington Post reporters who had broken the Watergate scandal and brought down a president released their gripping account of the events and the legend of 'Deep Throat' was born. Speculation about the shadowy character, who had led Woodward and Bernstein to the main protagonists behind the scandal, has been rampant ever since, but now one of the last great secrets has been revealed and in THE SECRET MAN Bob Woodward puts the final pieces of the puzzle together. In this explosive book Woodward describes how he and Mark Felt, who was number 2 at the FBI, first met, how Deep Throat guided Woodward and Bernstein through Watergate, and his ongoing relationship with Felt. THE SECRET MAN is the gripping final chapter to one of the most exciting periods in journalistic and political history.	2005-01-01	Simon & Schuster						ZZZ000000
9780743227896	Thoughts from the Seat of the Soul,Meditations for Souls in Process	Gary Zukav		The Journey Toward Authentic PowerThoughts from the Seat of the Soul is a beautiful collection of carefully chosen excerpts from Gary Zukav's celebrated bestseller The Seat of the Soul. Slip this lovely little book into your purse or bag and take it with you wherever you go. Turn the pages as you are drawn -- you can be inspired every day or once an hour, or you can meditate on your favorite thought all month. Use it as an oracle, or to stimulate deeper insight, joy, and appreciation of your life and the lives of others. This powerful volume is for those who are growing in consciousness and for those who want to. It is the perfect gift for someone you love or for yourself.	2001-10-16	Simon & Schuster						ZZZ000000
9780312943165	Losing You	Nicci French		It’s the morning of Nina Landry’s fortieth birthday. She’s supposed to have her kids ready to leave for the Christmas holidays with her new boyfriend. But her fifteen-year-old daughter, Charlie, is not yet home. She spent the night at a friend’s, and now she is nowhere to be found. As time passes slower and slower by the hour, Nina’s worry builds to panic. Has Charlie run away, or has something worse happened? And why won’t anyone—not the cops, not Charlie’s friends, not Charlie’s father—take her disappearance seriously? As day turns to night and a series of ominous revelations leads Nina from sickening suspicion to blood-chilling certainty, she comes to the desperate realization that she has no one to turn to…but herself.	2009-03-03	St. Martin's Press						ZZZ000000
9788120725850	Little Book of Success	J.P. Vaswani			2003-12-01	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070612112	Marketing planning,a systems approach	Mark E. Stern			1966	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070264762	202 Great Cover Letters	Betrus				Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070223981	The Hb Of Prog. Mgmt.	Brown				Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070599406	Investment analysis and portfolio management	Prasanna Chandra			2005-05-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070249073	Investment Analysis 3/E	Chandra			2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070599949	What Is Corporate Governance?	Colley			2005-03-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070601321	Balanced Scorecard: A Gd. For	Crager			2005-06-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070582385	The Business Style Handbook	Cunningham				Tata Mcgraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited						ZZZ000000
9780070264946	The Art Of Asset Allocation	Darst		A global leader and preeminent expert in asset allocation, David Darst delivers his masterwork on the topic. In a fully updated and expanded second edition of The Art of Asset Allocation, Morgan Stanley's Chief Investment Strategist covers the historic market events, instruments, asset classes, and economic forces that investors need to be aware of as they create asset-building portfolios. He then explains how to use modern asset allocation concepts and tools to augment returns and control risks in a wide range of financial market environments. This completely revised edition shows how to achieve asset balance with the author's proven methods, decades of expertise, relevant charts, practical tools, and astute analyses.		Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070223677	Power And Influence	Dilen- Schneider				Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070264779	Click : Ten Truths For Building Extraordinary Relationships	Fraser		Personal growth guru Stephen Covey calls George Fraser a masterful teacher. TV host and journalist Tony Brown calls him a visionary with the rare combination of leadership and management skills. And each year, tens of thousands of people attend his seminars and conferences to learn how to move beyond networking and start truly connecting to take their relationships to the next level. Now, for the first time in a book, Fraser shares the insider secrets that will help you to tap into the richest resource on the planet-other people-to achieve goals and share your talents in business and in life.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070222861	The Nonverbal Advantage	Goman				Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070223844	Finding Keepers	Pogorzelski				Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070583023	Short Cycle Selling	Kasper				Tata Mcgraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited						ZZZ000000
9780070264939	Evaluating training programs	Donald L. Kirkpatrick		Donald Kirkpatrick s four - level model for evaluating training programs has become the most widely used approach to training evaluation in the corporate, government and academic worlds. In the third edition of this classic bestseller, Kirkpatrick offers new ideas and procedures for continued quality evaluation of the four levels in today s modern workplace.	1975	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070597549	The Persuasive Presenter	Stephen Kozicki			2005-06-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070610873	World Out Of Balance	Laudicina			2005-11-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070264687	The Best B-Schools	Lavelle				Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070601048	How To Grow A Backbone	Marshall			2005-04-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070659728	Boost Your Hiring Iq	Martin			2007-08-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070601390	Tough Management	Martin			2005-06-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070597099	Big Business Marketing For Small Busines	Mcmurtry			2004-06-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070621091	Winning The Wealth Game	Sanjiv Mehta			2007-03-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070585362	Coffee: Retailing The Refreshing Brew	Coffee Board Of India				Tata Mcgraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited						ZZZ000000
9780070617605	What They Don't Teach You at B-school	Meenakshi Radhakrishnan-Swami			2007	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070474031	Futures markets,theory and practice	Sunil K. Parameswaran			2003	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070229525	Global Brand Integrity Mgmt.	Post				Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070265059	The 3 Financial Styles Of Very Successful Leaders	Prince		The 3 Financial Styles of Very Successful Leaders gives the answers to these and other questions of critical interest to senior managers and executives. More important, it describes a revolutionary approach to becoming a more effective leader and to leading your company to record profits and growth.Nationally acclaimed leadership expert and executive coach Ted Prince introduces the breakthrough concept of the financial signature, a set of personal financial traits that inform every leader's decision making.		Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070606876	Writing That Works	Pywell			2005-09-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070598287	The Power Of Strategic Thinking	Robert			2004-10-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070223967	Built To Serve	Sanders		Built to Serve shares real life stories from a regional, family-owned retailer about what it takes to create a fully engaged and productive workforce-lessons that will resonate with companies around the world, in every industry, large and small.Whether you're a leader, a manager, or an employee, you'll be inspired to create a workplace where people want to come to work, not just have to come to work. The result is the creation of competitive advantage that goes beyond selection and price, and that focuses on service to customers and to the community at large.		Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070597020	The Big Book Of Team Building Games	Newstrom & Scannell			2004-06-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070585256	The Leadership Solution	Shaffer			2003-12-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070248663	Stocks For The Long Run	Siegel		One of the seminal investing books of the modern era, Stocks for the Long Run has sold more than 300,000 copies in its first three editions. Now this bible for long-term stock market investing has been completely updated and revised to address the global economy and the very latest developments in indexing. Economic and financial markets expert Jeremy Siegel examines the relationship between the economy and stock prices, updates performance data on domestic and global stock markets, reveals the characteristics of the best long-term stocks, and offers specific instructions on constructing a well-diversified portfolio that will make you a better, smarter investor.		Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070533028	Jack Welch and the GE Way.	Rabert Slater		Jack Welch s innovative leadership strategies revived a lagging GE, transforming it into a powerhouse with a staggering $300 billion-plus market capitalization. In writing Jack Welch and the GE Way, author Robert Slater was given unprecedented access to Welch and other prominent GE insiders. What emerged is a brilliant portrait that tells you what makes Jack Welch tick. Learn how to work the Welch magic on your own company as you find out how he dismantled the boundaries between management layers, between engineers and marketers, between GE and its customers to streamline the process of getting products and services to market. Get details on Welch s far-reaching Six Sigma quality initiative, and discover how its principles and standards can save billions of dollars...how and why he has made GE a truly global company (and why you must think global as well)...and all the other Welch midas touch strategies you can put to work in your organization, at every level!	2003	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070264748	Escaping The Price-Driven Sale	Snyder		Brand allegiance is virtually nonexistent in today s hypercompetitive market. Great products and services no longer earn high margins they simply get a salesperson in the door. In an era of commoditization, buyer savvy, and cost controls, what matters is the expertise sellers bring to the table; expertise that enables them to deliver insight that creates value in the sales process itself. Escaping the Price-Driven Sale provides a groundbreaking strategy for identifying and delivering the customer insight that will command a premium price every time. Filled with timely market research and real-world examples, Escaping the Price-Driven Sale is a practical guide for sellers and management alike.Escaping the Price-Driven Sale is grounded in 30 years of research conducted in the field with global companies by Huthwaite, Inc. The leading sales performance improvement firm in the world, Huthwaite has studied thousands of sales interactions and continuously tests and applies its research each year with clients worldwide.		Tata McGraw-Hill						BUS058000
9780070264694	The War For Wealth	Steingart				Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070582590	Coaching For Improved Work Performance:	Fournies			2003-08-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070605855	Positively M.A.D	Treasurer			2005-09-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070611269	Right to Information Act, 2005,a primer	India&Yeshwantrao Chavan Academy of Development Administration. Right to Information Cell			2006-01-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070607989	They Just Dont Get It	Yerkes			2005-12-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070530935	A Manager S Guide To Creative Cost Cutting	Young				Tata Mcgraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited						ZZZ000000
9788126524631	The Chinese Tao Of Business: The Logic Of Successful Business Strategy	George T. Haley&Usha C.V. Haley&Chin Tiong Tan				Wiley India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788126524587	Always A Winner: Finding Your Competitive Advantage In An Up And Down Economy	Peter Navarro				Wiley India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788189906696	THE SPEAKING TREE-Inspiration Collection	Times Editorial		Inspirations keep life going on. Compiled from the BEST OF SPEAKING TREE this book contains a collection of inspirational articles that would appeal to your higher conscious and help you grow spiritually. The wise words in the book aim to soak-up all the negativity that life burdens us with thus enabling you to face life's daily struggle with strength and motivate you to achieve more. A perfect escape for the soul the book is a refreshing read for all.	2009	Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788189906573	Rolling Stones	Gautam Adhikari		This book is a perfect example for the above proverb. It is a compilation of writings by Gautam Adhikari, one of the senior most journalists of The Times of India. The articles in the book take a look at various political, social and cultural topics from a new perspective that many of us could have never thought of or expressed.Over the past three decades the author has travelled many places and written on issues that he felt close to his heart. This selection culled mostly from the Times of India and other publications is a result of his experiences.The Book is divided into several sections â€“ each broadly covering different aspects of public life â€“ to help easy reading.		Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788179915264	The Authentic Goa Cookbook	Deepa Suhas Awchat		Find all of Goa's sought after dishes in this new book. Stuffed crabs, stuffed tiger prawns, fried Bombay ducks and of course fish curry rice. With this definitive book on vegetarian and non-vegetarian Goan cuisine, your search for the best Goa Portuguesa cookbook ends here.		Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788126523849	Boards That Deliver	Ram Charan				Wiley India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788189906405	2009 ZODIAC GUIDE	Sunita Chabra		It gives you detailed predictions of the year based on your Sun Signs. They have been carefully analyzed and penned down by famous astrology expert Sunita Chabra. These predications are purely based on mathematical calculations of transiting planets. Read this book not out of fear or curiosity but out of conviction. The knowledge of difficult and lucky times in advance will help you plan accordingly for the year 2009. Sunita Chabra is an internationally acclaimed professional astrologer. She has blended the wisdom of ancient Vedic astrology with western and Hellenistic astrology. As the member of the research group for the critical study of Astrology (RGCSA) UK.She has taught and lectured at many astrological conferences across the world.She has worked for television and radio as anchor and columnist.	2009	Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788189906252	VAASTU-secrets for a Better Life	Dr Puneet Chawala		This book takes you through the interesting and fascinating world of Vaastu. Written in an easy and reader-friendly style, the book includes tips on how to harness and enhance positive energies both at home and workplace. How to improve the quality of daily living with case studies showing the effectiveness of this ancient science in modern day-to-day life situations.	2008	Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788190399524	The Best of Speaking Tree	Times Group		The Best of Speaking Tree holds memorable extracts from the daily column "The Speaking Tree" that appears in the edit page of the Times of India. Touching a wide range of topics related to life and beyond, the articles in these books enable us to face our daily struggles and consolidate our inner strength. Available in four inspiring volumes the books make for a collector's item and are excellent for gifting purposes.		Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788189906139	Like that only	Jug Suraiya&Ajit Ninan		Cartoons; originally published in Times of India, Indian newspaper.	2007	Bennett Coleman & Co.						ZZZ000000
9788189906085	SU-DOKU for MASTERS	Tgb Editorial		Test your skills in logic as you wade through the challenging puzzles offered to you in our Sudoku series. Be it Times Sudoku, Sudoku for Champs, Sudoku for Masters or the Gen-X Sudoku each book in this series dares you to test the limits of your ingenuity and patience. Available in various levels, designed according to your aptitude the Sudoku series is fun and addictive. So get ready. Arm yourself with a pencil and take the number challenge head-on.		Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788189906498	JALDI FIT -your Complete Fitness Plan	Namita Jain		JALDI FIT is a comprehensive wellness guide. It has details on exercises, nutrition and healthy informed lifestyle choices. With this book you get strength training and stretching guidance 5 days a week along with a follow-me DVD. The book also has sections devoted to battling obesity, raising your metabolic rate and combating osteoporosis. Authored by famous fitness expert Namita Jain, the book unfolds tried and tested exercise regime that she has evolved through her workshops. The DVD along with the book demonstrates exercises based on a 5-day workout plan that help shape and sculpt your entire body. Filled with fun and easy to do exercises, nutrition ideas and wellness tips this book is a one-stop-solution for all your fitness needs.	2008*	Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788189906702	CALLING THE CARDS-Tarot Predictions 2010	Maanya Kohli		Tarot is one of the most ancient forms of divination known to humankind. The mystical Tarot cards have the power to spell the future for you. In this book author Maanya Kohli uses her Tarot skills to give you detailed predictions for the year ahead based on your sun signs. A highly intuitive Tarot reader, Maanya Kohli, uses the tarot as a tool to get in touch with the higher self. She uses her knowledge of card reading to give in-depth predictions of the future and suggests effective and simple remedies to help you discover inner peace and happiness.		Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788189906474	LAXMAN REKHAS	Laxman		Cartoons, with legends, on the post-1947 sociopolitical conditions of India.	2005	Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788126523917	God Faith And Health	Jeff Levin			2009-10-01	Wiley India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788189906061	Experience India	Times of India (Firm)		For those who have set out to discover India, this book is a ready help. It weaves India in 25 innovative travel circuits. The first of its kind ever. A perfect guide to India's countless colours and an introduction to exploring the country's mountains, jungles and national parks. You can also find handy info of various hotels and restaurants in this book.	2007	Bennett Coleman & Co.						ZZZ000000
9788189906634	FACTS & BEYOND	Times Editorial		Are you the curious cat? Do you have a deep urge to know very bit of fact behind all that surrounds you? Dig into this book. Handpicked from Learning with the Times column, of the Times of India, the topics covered in the book are divided into specific sections such as economics, sports, medical science, etc. In all there are 15 chapters for you to choose from. This book is for all those with a never-ending thirst for knowledge. Information comes to you an interesting question-answer format. For an avid quizzer or for someone whom learning gives a great high, Facts and Beyond fits the bill.		Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788189906054	Fundoo T-Shirt Quotes	TGB Editorial		Fundoo T-Shirt Quotes will arm you with more than 500 innovative quotes you can use in different circumstances. You can get the quotes printed on your outfit or tattooed on your body. If you like, you can use them in your conversations to wriggle out of difficult situations. Own it. Love it.		Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788189906429	Higher Education	Education Times		In today's world, everyone aspires for higher qualifications, better education. But navigating through the maze of information available for higher education can be both confusing and daunting. This is where this book comes in. Packed with nuggets of information like new courses, emerging areas of research, student experiences, expert advice, institute directory, book list, funding tips and more. Higher education is not a destination but a journey. And this book is your perfect guide for it.	2009	Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788190399500	MOST POPULAR SMS JOKES	Tgb Editorial		Want to laugh your blues away? In the mood for humour or romance? Either way, check out our Most Popular SMS Jokes. The first of its kind, the book has a vast collection of popular jokes that are sure to tickle your funny bone. While you are about it, do have a blast and share the jokes with friends who are not with you, via SMS.		Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788189906580	Sacred Space	Times Editorial		With time always in short supply, few manage to delve deep into works of sages, philosophers and achievers. Sacred Space shares with you nuggets of wisdom from cultures around the world, revealing the common thread of profundity and humor that runs right through them. This volume is a compilation of thoughts published in the Sacred Space column of The Times of India over the years, organized thematically for ready reference. Available in two volumes.	2009	Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788189906511	The Speaking tree,celebrating the festivals of India	Times of India (Firm)		Selection by several authors previously published in the Speaking tree, column of the English daily, The Times of India.	2009	Bennett, Coleman & Co.						ZZZ000000
9788189906399	Srimad Bhagavad Gita	Unknown		Bhagvad Gita- is the most profound text in the canon of Hindu literature. A book, which most translators call "Song of the Lord." Times Group Books brings to you the sacred verses of The Bhagavad Gita with simple and profound explanations. The book serves as the perfect nourishment for your soul.		Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788189906665	A THOUGHT FOR TODAY-Vol 3	Times Editorial		A Thought for Today is a book of flaunts 365 novel and inspirational quotes carefully selected from the editorial page of the Times of India the book. This quote-a-day book will present you with a unique thought each day, so that you remain inspired and motivated through-out the year. Available in three variants each flaunting a new set of quotes- A Thought for Today- is a must read.		Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788189906313	TIMES GUIDE TO HOLLYWOOD BLOCKBUSTERS	Nikhat Kazmi		Times Guide to Hollywood Blockbusters brings you the magical world of Hollywood with all its success stories. Unlike all other guides in the market, this one talks only about hits, not misses; about films that need to be seen and savoured, not about those meant to be dismissed. Be rest assured, for the generalist out there, each and every title among the 1,000 films listed in these pages deserves a dekko. Simply because this compendium sifts the chaff from the grain, and reviews only films that have towered at the box office or won critical acclaim. For the specialist, there are 15 categories to choose from, making it easier for the diehard action, sci-fi, crime, horror, romance, classic, Oscar film buff to settle down with her staple fare. No desperate flipping, no endless searching, just choose your genre and follow the star rating system to pick your film. With our carefully calibrated rating system that varies from one to five stars, there is no way you can go wrong. While rating our films, we have taken into account the importance of both mass appeal and artistic excellence: the sensibilities of the frontbencher and the fastidious cineaste. So, you could find a Quentin Tarantino film sharing the same rating with a David Lean classic. Undoubtedly, we have been very strict with our ratings because we believe our viewers are an extremely literate cinema audience. So, you will find very few films with the perfect score of five stars. Happy reading and happy viewing!		Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788189906153	Times Food & City Guide-Hyderabad (City Guide FREE!)	TGB Editorial		The Times Food Guide- Hyderabad captures the blend of tradition and modernity in the city. From the typical Hyderabadi Biryani food joints to restaurants serving fusion food, we have covered all. Due space has been devoted to confectioneries, mithai shops and to watering holes. Times City Guide- Hyderabad traces the growth of the city and dwells especially on its cosmopolitan IT character of today. Objectively reviewed and grouped into sections like â€” Must Have, Must Do, Must Know and Must See the Times City Guides give you a comprehensive and detailed picture of various cities of India. Catering to both tourists and Indian nationals alike these guides help you know your city better.		Times Group Books						ZZZ000000
9788126523856	A Hidden Wholeness	Parker J. Palmer			2009	Wiley India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788126523887	Eboot Camp	Corey Perlman				Wiley India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788126525041	Beating Low Cost Competition: How Premium Brands Can Respond To Cut-Price Rivals	Adrian Ryans				Wiley India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788126523894	Financial Darwinism	Leo Tilman				Wiley India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780070586819	How To Manage Performance: 24 Lessons For Improving Performance (Mhpe Series)	Bacal			2004	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070586307	Dealing With Difficult People: 24 Lesson	Brinkman			2003-12-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070535268	How To Motivate Every Employee	Bruce			2003	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070534612	Leaning Into Six Sigma	Wheat			2003-05-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070585263	10 Things That Keep Ceos Awake And How To Put Them To Bed	Coffey				Tata Mcgraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited						ZZZ000000
9780070223912	Negotiate Your Way To Success	Steven P Cohen				McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070586796	How To Be A Great Coach: 24 Lessons For	Cook			2004-01-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070606920	What Is Value Investing?	Cunningham			2005-09-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070584143	Brand Warfare: 10 Rules For Building The Killer Brand	D Alessandro			2001	Tata Mcgraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited						ZZZ000000
9780070604780	Other People S Habits	Daniels			2001	Tata Mcgraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited						ZZZ000000
9780070601314	Networking For Career Success	Darling			2005	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070611863	Life in a tide pool	William M. Stephens		Explores the struggle for life of the plants and animals in a tide pool.	1975-08-01	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070586567	Why Custmrs Don'T Do What You Want Them	Fournies			2003-12-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070528932	Lean Six Sigma: Combining Six Sigma Quality With Lean Speed	George			2002-10-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070598881	Project Management	Heerkens			2005-03-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070611870	Civil engineering technicians' ready-reference manual	Wendell B. Stephens			1985-01	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070584846	The Brandmindset	Knapp			2003-11-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070530362	The Welch Way: 24 Lessons From The World	Krames			2002-10-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070586802	Making Teams Work: 24 Lessons For Workin	Maginn			2004-01-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070598850	Managing In Times Of Change: 24 Tools For Managers, Individuals And Teams (Mhpe Series)	Maginn			2005	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070585294	The Brand Marketing Book: Creating, Managing And Extending The Value Of Your Brand	Marconi				Tata Mcgraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited						ZZZ000000
9780070610972	The Ghosn Factor	Micoud			2005	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070598843	Persuasive Proposals And Presentations	Pierce			2004	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070586369	The Sales Success Handbook: 20	Richardson			2003	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070611658	Physical anthropology	Philip L. Stein&Bruce M. Rowe		Since the first edition of Physical Anthropology, over a quarter century ago, Stein and Rowe have been helping to teach physical anthropology to tens of thousands of students. In this new edition, these award winning teachers and authors continue to share their love of discovery with students in this balanced, objective introduction to physical anthropology that does not assume that students have any previous knowledge of the subject. Carefully streamlined, making it more accessible and affordable, this seventh edition provides students with a pedagogical program designed to facilitate comprehension. Every concept is carefully explained and illustrated, guiding students step-by-step through difficult material. Despite changes in organization and length, this text maintains its emphasis on three important themes. First, that anthropology is a holistic discipline, second, that human beings are an integral part of nature, and third, because humans depend on learned behavior, our maintenance of a balance with nature can be strengthened by an understanding of our evolutionary past. As always, Stein and Rowe use the most current data to unravel the mystery of the evolution of humankind, and to examine the dynamic relationship between humans and their environment.	1989-01	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070635296	Computer Security(Ibd)	Rothke			2006-01-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070601291	How To Plan And Execute Strategy: 24 Steps To Implement Any Corporate Strategy	Stettinius			2005-06-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070534629	The New Manager'S Handbook	Stettner			2003	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070223929	Plan & Conduct Effective Meeetings	Barbara J Streibel				McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070607675	New Markets, New Strategies	Trennert			2005-10-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070582453	Marketing Warfare	Ries			2003-08-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070598829	Finance For Non-Financial Managers: 24 Lessons To Understand And Evaluate Financial Health (Mhpe Series)	Wagner			2005	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070603431	Secrets Of Superstar Speakers	Walters				Tata Mcgraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited						ZZZ000000
9780070603370	Getting Organized At Work:24 Lessons To Set Goals, Establish Priorities, And Manage Your Time	Zeigler			2005	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780765354525	Checkmate	Karna Small Bodman		Dr. Cameron Talbot has invented a breakthrough technology to defend against cruise missiles. But she needs support from skeptical company officers, funding from a reluctant Congress, and help from the White House to develop her life-saving project. Lt. Col. Hunt Daniels, detailed from the Pentagon to the White House National Security Council to investigate Dr. Talbot’s work, sees the potential of the invention. The fact that he’s attracted to the brilliant scientist adds one more dimension to his interest in her work.But disaster is brewing overseas as militants in the disputed Kashmir region of India steal a series of missiles from sympathizers in the Pakistani military and launch one against India. At the same time, they send one of their agents to Washington, D.C., to steal Dr. Talbot’s technology so they can protect themselves when their enemies retaliate.The scientist and the NSC staffer find themselves enmeshed in terrorist plots and political wrangling at the highest levels. With scenes in the Oval Office, the Situation Room, Capitol Hill, Georgetown restaurants, and Washington dinner parties, as well as action in Kashmir, New Delhi, and at the Taj Mahal, the tension and intrigue escalate until two nuclear-armed countries stand at the brink of war.	2008-03-04	Tom Doherty Associates						ZZZ000000
9780743245029	The Forsyte Saga	John Galsworthy		The Forsyte Saga is John Galsworthy's monumental chronicle of the lives of the moneyed Forsytes, a family whose values are constantly at war with its passions. The story of Soames Forsyte's marriage to the beautiful and rebellious Irene, and its effects upon the whole Forsyte clan, The Forsyte Saga is a brilliant social satire of the acquisitive sensibilities of a comfort-bound class in its final glory. Galsworthy spares none of his characters, revealing their weaknesses and shortcomings as clearly as he does the tenacity and perseverance that define the strongest members of the Forsyte family.This edition contains the three original novels -- The Man of Property, In Chancery, and To Let -- and their connecting interludes, Indian Summer of a Forsyte and Awakening.	2002-09-03	Simon & Schuster						ZZZ000000
9781439198674	The Ark,A Novel	Boyd Morrison		In this explosive new thriller, a combat engineer and archeologist must find Noah's Ark and the relic inside before our civilization is wiped out.	2010	Simon & Schuster						ZZZ000000
9788187111153	Eggless Cakes	Rosalind Aloysius			1999-09	Sangam Books Limited						ZZZ000000
9788187111092	Eat and Stay Slim With Soups and Salads	Purobi Babbar			2000-01-18	Vakils, Feffer & Simons, Limited						ZZZ000000
9788187111566	Devi's emerald	Ruzbeh Nari Bharucha		Ruzbeh Bharucha, journalist-editor and the author of 'The Last Marathon', dwells into the lives of all those, who have witnessed and experienced the love and grace of Ma Mookambika and Swamiji. Spending time with Swamiji and His innumerable devotees, the author, with his casual drawl and loads of humour, has created a heart warming story, about astounding miracles, a loving Sage and the Universal Mother.	2002-12	Vakils, Feffer & Simons						ZZZ000000
9788187111627	Delicious encounters,revised edition with a section on exotic curries : innovative recipes for festive occasions, formal entertainment, impromptu dinners, Parsi, Indian, western flavours	Katy Dalal			2003	Vakils, Feffer, and Simons Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788187111740	Katy Dalal's seafood fiesta	Katy Dalal			2006-06-05	Vakils, Feffer and Simons						ZZZ000000
9788187111696	Vitality Cook Book,Fruit and Vegetable Recipes for Healthy Living	Katy Dalal			2005-11-25	Gazelle Book Services Limited						ZZZ000000
9788187111955	The Delights Of Vegetarian Cooking	Tarla Dalal				Vakils Feffer & Simons Pvt., Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788187111962	The Joys Of Vegetarian Cooking	Tarla Dalal			1983	Vakils, Feffer And Simons Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788187111290	Enduring Flavour,In Appreciation of East Indian Cuisine	Michael Fernandes			2002-08-15	Sangam Books Limited						ZZZ000000
9788187111191	Hinduism,an introduction	Shakunthala Jagannathan		Copiously Illustrated, Hinduism, An Introduction, Covers The Various Aspects Of Hinduism, Its Main Scriptures, Tenets And Beliefs, And Its Social And Cultural Ethos. Condition Good.	1984	Vakils, Feffer, and Simons						ZZZ000000
9788187111467	Balaji-Venkateshwara, Lord of Tirumala-Tirupati,an introduction	Nanditha Krishna		A Collection Of Folk Legends About Venkateshwara, The Sacred Tirumala Hills, His Miracles And The Rituals And Festivals Associated With Him-A Manifestation Of Vishnu. Contains Rare Photographs.	2000-11-01	Vakils Feffer & Simons						ZZZ000000
9788187111177	Kanha Tiger Reserve,portrait of an Indian national park	Carroll Moulton&Ernie J. Hulsey			1999-04	Vakils, Feffer, and Simons Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788187111771	UNDERSTANDING Ramayana as Rama Within	Giduturi Lakshmi Narayan			2006-01-01	Vakils, Feffer & Simons						ZZZ000000
9788187111672	Nanak: An Introduction	P. Nijhaawan		An Earnest Attempt To Understand Nanak`S Thought - Also Includes An English Rendering Of The Entire Japji - With Its Original Punjabi Text And Devnagiri Translations. 10 Chapters - Epilogue - 2 Annexures - Many Illustrations.	2004	Vakils, Feffer and Simons						ZZZ000000
9788187111214	Food Heritage of India	Vimla Patil			2000	Vakils, Feffer & Simons, Limited						ZZZ000000
9788187111450	Devi, the Mother-Goddess,an introduction	Devdutt Pattanaik			2000-12	Vakils, Feffer, and Simons Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788187111580	Lakshmi, the goddess of wealth and fortune,an introduction	Devdutt Pattanaik			2003	Vakils, Feffer and Simons						ZZZ000000
9788187111122	Vishnu,an introduction	Devdutt Pattanaik			1999-02-15	Vakils, Feffer and Simons						ZZZ000000
9788187111757	Strategic management process in Indian organisations,with case studies	Ashok Sanghvi			2006	Vakils, Feffer and Simons						ZZZ000000
9788187111702	Festival of light,Deepavali legends from around India	Katherine E. Allen (ill.)			2005-01-01	Vakils, Feffer & Simins						ZZZ000000
9788187111689	Lord of beginnings,stories of the elephant-headed deity, Ganesha	Radhika Sekar			2004-11-01	Vakils, Feffer & Simons Pvt. Ltd., India						ZZZ000000
9788184620030	Therapeutic Yoga	Dr.J.T.Shah			2009-05-01	Vakils						HEA025000
9780091924119	Divas & Door Slammers,The Secret to Having a Better Behaved Teenager	Charlie Taylor		Endless arguments? Communication by grunt? Seismic sulking? Lives ruled by FOMO (fear of missing out)?Sound like your teenager?Behavioural expert Charlie Taylor has the answers in this practical handbook which is full of simple, effective techniques for improving your teenagers behaviour. Charlie Taylors straight-talking, no-nonsense approach guides you away from knee-jerk parenting towards a more proactive and positive relationship with your teenager. With particular emphasis on the power of praise the basis of his acclaimed 6 to1 strategy and planning in advance for behaviour or communication hotspots, every parent can break the miserable pattern of constant confrontation, endless negotiation and repetitive nagging. With the insights and methods found in Divas and Door Slammers, including a handy Troubleshooting Guide, every household with teenagers can quickly transform from havoc to harmony.	2010	Random House UK						ZZZ000000
9780091929893	Homemade Kids,Thrifty, Creative and Eco-Friendly Ways to Raise Your Child	Nicola Baird		Modern living offers convenience, and as parents we need all the help we can get. Food is produced in abundance, and clothes are cheap enough for us to use and then discard. But is it necessary to be so wasteful? And is this really how we want to raise our children?Homemade Kids is full of top tips, inspirational ideas and practical advice that will help you to: make your home a more healthy, energy-efficient environment create toys and fun activities for your baby decide whether reusuable nappies are the right choice for you consider the best feeding and transport solutions for your familyRaising a healthy, happy child doesnt need to be a complicated process that puts a strain on the planet and your wallet. Homemade Kids takes you back to basics and reminds you of the simple pleasures of parenting.	2010	Ebury Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780307278630	American psycho	Bret Easton Ellis		Chokerende afsløring af den amerikanske drøms bagside. Hovedpersonen er en ung finansmand i New York, og romanen registrerer minutiøst hans overfladiske yuppietilværelse og hans natlige eskapader af pervers sex, vold og mord.	2006-09-15	Random House Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780099548836	The Scourging Angel,The Black Death in the British Isles	Benedict Gummer			2010-08-24	Random House of Canada, Limited						ZZZ000000
9781400077830	The curious incident of the dog in the night-time	Mark Haddon		Christopher John Francis Boone knows all the countries of the world and their capitals and every primary number up to 7057. he relates well to animals but has no understanding of human emotions. He cannot stand to be touched. And he detests the color yellow. Although gifted wit a superbly logical brain, fifteen-year-old Christopher is autistic and everyday interactions and admonishments have little meaning for him. He lives on patterns, rules and diagram kept in his pocket. Then one day, a neighbor's dog, Wellington, is killed and his carefully constructed universe is threatened. Christopher sets out to solve the murder in the style of his favorite (logical) detective, Sherlock Holmes. What follows makes for a novel that deeply funny, poignant, and fascinating in its portrayal of a person whose curse and blessing are a mind that perceives the world entirely literally.	2004-08	Vintage Books						ZZZ000000
9781400034079	Ash Wednesday,a novel	Ethan Hawke			2003	Vintage Books						ZZZ000000
9780099552185	Catch-22	Joseph Heller		Set in the closing months of World War II in an American bomber squadron off the coast of Italy, Catch-22 is the story of a bombardier named Yossarian who is frantic and furious because thousands of people he has never even met keep trying to kill him.	2010	Random House						FIC004000
9780099551829	The Last Enemy	Richard Hillary		"One of the classic works of World War II."--London Review of Books	2010	Random House						ZZZ000000
9781860467295	On identity	Amin Maalouf		This book offers a lucid inquiry into the precise meaning of one of the most misapplied words and concepts in our language, and one that has given rise to some of the most heated passions and crimes throughout history: identity. The notion of identity—be it religious, ethnic, national, or other—has been one of the fundamental questions of philosophy from Socrates to Freud. In this series of reflections, the author, a Lebanese who now lives in France, considers how we define ourselves and what identity has meant and continues to mean in different cultures.	2000-10-01	Harvill						ZZZ000000
9780753522523	Allen Ginsberg,Beat Poet	Barry Miles		In part thanks to early friendships with renegades such as Jack Kerouac, Neal Cassady, and William Burroughs, and his publication of the electrifying and brilliant "Howl," Allen Ginsberg occupies a significant and enduring position in American literature. Following Ginsberg's death in 1997, Barry Miles, drawing both on his long friendship with the poet and on Ginsberg's journals and correspondence, thoroughly updated and revised his immensely readable account of one of the 20th century's most extraordinary poets.	2010	Random House UK						ZZZ000000
9780753500590	Jack Kerouac,king of the beats : a portrait	Barry Miles		In conformist 1950s America, Jack Kerouac'sOn the Roadwas greeted with both delirium and dismay, but in Kerouac's hunt for the big experience and his longing for greatness, he has inspired each successive generation. Jack Kerouac is now an icon, and this provocative and intimate portrait of one of the twentieth century's most in influential writers, reveals a man full of contradictions, rarely at peace with himself. Barry Miles, friend and official biographer of Allen Ginsberg and William Burroughs, provides a meticulously researched exploration of the complex man and extranordinary writer whose creative mishmash of joyous incoherence, drug-induced ecstasy, genuine mysticism and constant craving has persuaded so many to take to the road.	2010	Virgin						ZZZ000000
9780753507070	William Burroughs,el hombre invisible	Barry Miles		William Burroughs remains one of the most complex and controversial American writers of the twentieth century. A long-time heroin addict, he preferred to live abroad, away from America's draconian drug laws. After killing his wife in a bizarre shooting accident, he moved to Tangier where he lived in a male brothel and wrote Naked Lunch. He also lived in London and Paris before returning to New York in 1974. Following his death in 1997, Barry Miles, a friend for over thirty years, has completely updated his riveting biography of this literary guerilla and tormented visionary.	2002	Virgin						ZZZ000000
9780753509043	PR Power,Inside Secrets For the World of Spin	Amanda Barry		Whether you are just starting out or have been running your own business for years, it's never too late to start harnessing the incredible power of public relations, or to get the most from your PR consultancy. Covers what to do if you're running the PR yourself and toolkit exercises and case studies of real businesses	2005-06-01	Virgin Books						ZZZ000000
9781852272371	Max Clifford,read all about it	Max Clifford&Angela Levin		The world's leading media guru tells all about the stories he has put in - and kept out - of the headlines over a forty-year career. Working with the world's leading celebrities on the biggest stories, Max Clifford knows the ins and outs of the public relations machine like no one else. A controversial, funny and compelling autobiography.	2005-10-01	Virgin Books						ZZZ000000
9780753512494	China rises,how China's astonishing growth will change the world	John Farndon		With a population of 1.25 billion people and an economy that is the second largest in the world, China is a country we all need to take notice of. This entertaining, informative, up-to-date book is the ideal guide to this fascinating country's present ndash; and its future. China is one of the world's oldest continuous civilizations and has produced some of the most significant human achievements of all time. With its current economic growth and increasing role in international affairs, it is fast becoming one of the most powerful and important countries in the world. But China refuses to conform to the expectations of the outside world. It is a communist state, but one in which business is booming. It is a nation that continues to support North Korea, even as it develops its relationships with the West. The Chinese government's controversial policies, from the one child policy to its history of repression of opposition groups and its policies towards Tibet and Taiwan, place it at odds with many of the world's most powerful nations. And yet as China's economy continues to grow, so will its influence and importance in the world. China Rises reveals the true nature of modern China and looks to the future to examine how China's growth will affect all of us. It will give readers a complete picture of this intriguing country ndash;as it is now and as it will develop in the future.	2007-09-06	Virgin						ZZZ000000
9780753510520	Diana,The Last Days	Martyn Gregory		As soon as the world heard the news of the death of Diana, Princess of Wales in a crash in Paris on 31 August 1997, many questions began to be asked by people who believed it was a conspiracy and not an accident. Was she pregnant with Dodi's child? Why did the ambulance take so long to get to the hospital? What were the roles of the 'blinding white flash' and the Fiat Uno? Were the blood samples taken from the driver switched before testing? Gregory answers all of these questions and more in an authoritative, exhaustively researched and utterly compelling book that reveals what really happened in Diana's last hours.	2007	Virgin						BIO014000
9780753504192	How to make it in the travel industry	Joanna Grigg			2001-02-22	Virgin						ZZZ000000
9780753513590	Dark Summit,The Extraordinary True Story of One of the Deadliest Seasons on Everest	Nick Heil		Everest the highest mountain in the world and the ultimate climbing challenge. In 2006, 11 people died attempting to reach the summit, the most fatalities since 1996. But unlike 1996, 2006 saw no surprise blizzard, only the constant dangers posed by unstable ice, merciless cold, thin air and human nature.Nick Heil tells the shocking true stories of David Sharp, a young British solo climber, who was passed by 40 mountaineers as he lay dying on the slopes of the mountain, and Lincoln Hall who was left for dead yet miraculously survived, and asks: what does climbing the worlds highest peak really mean for those who take on the challenge? And how far will they go in their single-minded pursuit of the ultimate mountaineering prize?	2008-05-01	Virgin Books Limited						SPO000000
9780753511367	Kakuro	Virgin		More challenging and more addictive than Su Doku, Kakuro is the new puzzle craze to spellbind the nation and this is the first Kakuro book to be published in the States. Kakuro has already become more popular than Su Doku in Japan, delighting millions with its blend of total simplicity and devilish complexity. Now the US has the chance to become hooked on Kakuro. In these bumper books of all-new Kakuro there are hundreds of puzzles divided into three difficulty ratings - including some fiendishly difficult ones . . .	2007-10	Virgin Books Limited						ZZZ000000
9780753509937	Do Something Different,Proven Marketing Techniques to Transform Your Business	Jurgen Wolff		Frustrated that people seem unaware of your business? Maddened that your competitors are making more money for a worse product? Take charge of the situation and create your own alternatives. Examines 14 key marketing principles to enhance sales and looks at 100 instructive and revealing case studies.	2005-06-01	Virgin Books						ZZZ000000
9780446400329	Collectors	David Baldacci		Een ex-CIA agent, die geheimen van de Amerikaanse regering verkoopt aan de hoogste bieder, wordt gedwarsboomd door vier excentrieke veteranen die vooral de belangen van het Amerikaanse volk voor ogen hebben.	2007-07-13	Warner Books						FIC000000
9780446615440	Hour game	David Baldacci		Twee privé-detectives, die zijn betrokken bij het onderzoek naar een reeks moorden die geen verband lijken te hebben, moeten eerst een familiegeheim ontrafelen.	2005-01-01	Warner Books						ZZZ000000
9780446578592	The Mormon Way of Doing Business,Leadership and Success Through Faith and Family	Jeff Benedict		Jeff Benedict examines the lives & careers of devout Mormons who have risen to the very top in American business circles, to show how the strongest Christian values can go hand in hand with a successful business career.	2007-01-03	Warner Business Books						ZZZ000000
9780446694803	Exporting America,Why Corporate Greed Is Shipping American Jobs Overseas	Lou Dobbs		Renowned business journalist and CNN anchor Dobbs takes aim at the executives and politicians who profit by exporting U.S. jobs overseas and shows readers what they can do to save not only their own careers, but the American way of life.	2004-08-28	Warner Business Books						ZZZ000000
9781906787172	When Jesus Lived in India	Alan Jacobs		The Quest for the Aquarian Gospel: the Mystery of the Missing Years  Where was Jesus during those eighteen 'Missing Years' when the Bible couldn't account for him?  Did he travel to India and Tibet? The question of where he went and what happened to him is one that will not go away, no matter how much it is ignored or apparently discredited by the customary authorities. Its importance cannot be overlooked, as these formative years would have shaped Jesus, and his experiences during this time would have influenced his later message and mission, as brought to us through the New Testament Gospels.  All that we know of these years is that Jesus 'increased in wisdom and stature and in favour with God and man' (Luke 2.52). But how? And where? First mention of his travels in India, Kashmir and Tibet was made by the Russian traveller Nikolai Notovitch in the 1890s, and since then a number of other works have also suggested he undertook these journeys, not least The Aquarian Gospel, first published in 1908.  Alan Jacobs has examined the main sources for this theory. He has weighed up the strength of their arguments and how they substantiate or contradict the controversial Aquarian Gospel, and his conclusions have resulted in this balanced and informative book. He throws new light on the `Missing Years` and on the possible sources of the inspiration and knowledge that Jesus drew upon while carrying out his short yet groundbreaking mission in Palestine. He also explores the well-worn Oriental tradition that perhaps Jesus did not die on the Cross, but instead ended his years in the East.	2009-08-03	Watkins Publishing						ZZZ000000
9788188479078	The Millionaire Course	Marc Allen		A Visionary Plan For Creating The Life Of Your Dreams  "The world needs you to fulfill your financial potential and become a compassionate giver and make-it-happen millionaire. My friend Marc Allen teaches you how to become an 'enlightened millionaire'. I love his brilliant insights." - Mark Victor Hansen, Co-creator, #1 New York Times Best-selling series Chicken Soup for the Soul, Co-author, The One Minute Millionaire  This book is an entire course, an in-depth guide to accomplishing one's dreams in life. Structured in results-minded lessons and interwoven with keys that offer sudden moments of understanding, the book helps the reader grasp new ways of thinking of, and attaining, wealth. Lesson topics include "Imagine your ideal scene," "Discover your core beliefs and learn how to change them," and "Grow at your own pace." Author Marc Allen offers both a life-changing philosophy and the specific tools - the business plan, the vocabulary, even resources for financing - needed to create the life of your dreams. The Millionaire Course offers a vast array of powerful principles, truths, and exercises that will lead inevitably to a career and life path that feeds your soul.  An easy-to-implement plan for attaining wealth and fulfillment by doing what we love and adhering to compassionate values.   Contains 12 major lessons and 160 keys to success.	2004-05-01	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479139	Forever Ours	Janis Amatuzio		Real Stories Of Immortality And Living From A Forensic Pathologist  "A deeply compassionate, extraordinarily sensitive, and objectively scientific exploration of the mystery of death, this book is a wonderful gift to caregivers, patients, family members, and every person who has ever thought about our human mortality and the meaning of life. This means, of course, that Forever Ours is a gift to us all." - Neale Donald Walsch, author of Conversations with God  Janis Amatuzio, MD, is a recognized authority in forensic medicine. She became a pathologist in part because it allowed her to help unravel the mystery of each person's death. She found that by listening and talking to the loved ones of the deceased, she could offer them some sense of closure. In the course of her work, she has heard extraordinary stories from grieving family members, patients near death, police officers, and colleagues - stories of the spiritual and otherworldly experiences concerning the transition between life and death. These stories affirmed Dr. Amatuzio's belief that, contrary to the attitudes of many in the medical community, there is more to death than just the cessation of breath.  From the experience of one of her first patients - who on the day of his death told of being "visited" by a friend who had been dead forty years - to incredible coincidences - such as two daughters thousands of miles apart experiencing unexplained sensations at the precise moment their father passed away - Dr. Amatuzio began recording the stories she heard. Forever Ours presents these heartfelt accounts, exploring the realms of visions, synchronicities, and communications on deathâ€™s threshold. Told in the voice of a compassionate scientist and medical expert who sees death every day, these stories eloquently convey the comfort Dr. Amatuzio has found in what she sees and hears. The book offers readers hope, comfort, and profound lessons on living.	2005-03-01	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788190105934	The Money Tarot Book	Rohit Arya		Make The Right Decisions To Attract Financial Abundance  Money enables your soul to manifest itself. A full life requires that you are not prevented from doing all the things you want to do, merely because of a lack of money.  This book should prove a significant source of advice and emotional strength in your financial decisions. The Money Tarot Book is designed to be practical, suggest immediate action and does not require long periods of familiarization. It is extremely simple to use and does not require any specific Tarot pack to work with. Any pack will do.  The The Money Tarot Book can be used:  When a new initiative, product or direction at work is desirable When you are stuck and need to clarify the situation To gain an alternative vision before making important decisions To help you determine a choice of career To check out the environment and ambience prevailing in areas like resources, creativity, marketing, communications, advertising, research, international prospects, new contracts and many more areas To determine if persistence in a course of action or a clean break is best When you go into business on your own To get advice when changing jobs or considering such a change To handle personal finance In other ways, limited only by your imagination  The Money Tarot Book is not a substitute for decisive action on your part, but it helps you gain a wider perspective about the situation and provide some purpose and motivation.	2001-10-01	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479481	Sacred Flames	Santosh Sachdeva and Rohit Arya		This little book sparkles with the radiance of the sacred fires of the agni yagnas, and the images of divinity occasionally seen in the rising flames. It was in the flames of the yagna that the forms of gods, goddesses and symbols sacred to the Hindus were first revealed to the Vedic sages. Now, advances in technology have made it possible to capture those forms in their original fiery state. These images are very powerful in aiding spiritual growth. They also help you to focus during meditation. Kept along with the deities in your puja or prayer room, they create vibrations of abundance, tranquility and auspicious circumstances in your life. Among the sacred symbols that arose and were identified in the yagna flames were the Om, the Swastik, the Trishul and the Lingam, among others. * Learn to conduct a simple mini-yagna on your own, with appropriate mantras. * Get instructed in the process of meditation involving the images seen in the flames. * Take a step forward in the emergent spiritual consciousness of our times with this book. Includes three beautiful picture cards.	2010	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479306	Advaita on Zen and Tao,insights on Huang Po & Lao Tzu by Ramesh Balsekar	Ramesh Balsekar		On the life and achievements of Anandamayi (popularly known as Ma Anandamayee), 1896-1982, Hindu woman religious leader.	2008	Yogi Impressions Books						ZZZ000000
9788188479573	The End Of Duality	Ramesh S. Balsekar		"What's all the fuss about regarding death?" Asks Ramesh Balsekar Over five days in 2009, one of the world's leading Masters of Advaita, Ramesh Balsekar spoke on one central theme in his talks: 'The End of Duality' or, in other words, the end of the pleasures and pains of daily living. Those talks, considered to be among his finest and most provocative, are presented here in this book.	2010	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788190105989	Peace and harmony in daily living,facing life moment to moment, being anchored in tranquility	Ramesh S. Balsekar			2003	Yogi Impressions						ZZZ000000
9788190105927	The Ultimate Understanding	Ramesh S. Balsekar		The Ultimate Understanding, is, according to Ramesh himself, "a book containing the full essentials of the philosophy of Advaita, or Non-duality (Unicity). It is perhaps the most explicitly expressed and exquisitely presented book on this complex subject. What is the ultimate understanding? That there is no one to understand anything."  Recognized as one of the foremost contemporary sages, married and father of three, and a banker who retired from the top of his profession, Ramesh could be considered a householder Guru. In his latest book, Ramesh shares openly, poignantly, and with stunning humility, how a sage lives his life. Backed by the total conviction of the final understanding of a true Master, and at the same time presented from the perspective of "life as we know it", this treasure of Advaita is unrivalled in its unique conceptual expression of the highest Truth, delivered with fundamental wisdom, simplicity, and clarity - and with Ramesh's widely-loved gaiety and humor. Ramesh elaborates his own concepts with those of his Guru, Nisargadatta Maharaj, the Buddha, Ramana Maharshi, selected Hindu scriptures, several Taoist Masters and Wei Wu Wei, all serving as pointers to the Truth, to the ultimate understanding. While the book is a compilation of such classic themes as the nature of the phenomenal manifestation including the human being, the concept of space-time, temporality and Intemporality, the Guru, free will and non-volitional living, enlightenment and Self-realization, the Impersonal Energy - the Source, Noumenon or God, and conclusively, Consciousness is all there is, Ramesh explicitly summarizes that ultimately what he is talking about is "the most important thing in your life: peace and harmony in your life."  A rare gift to anyone and everyone seeking insight into how life happens, 'The Ultimate Understanding' is perhaps the pinnacle of Ramesh's writing. 'The Ultimate Understanding', heralds the total message he has to convey. What else remains can only be the final understanding, the final Truth, the silence of Unicity.  Over 20 Photographic Visuals	2001	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479184	101 Things I Wish I Knew When I Got Married	Linda And Charlie Bloom		Simple Lessons To Make Love Last  "This is an exceptional and outstanding book for strengthening... the sacred covenant of marriage and committed relationships. It is a practical, realistic, and inspirational resource for exploring, cultivating, and learning from and about the mystery of love." - Angeles Arrien, Ph.D., author of The Four-Fold Way and Signs of Life  Most of us, when we fall in love, simultaneously stumble into a multitude of myths, such as being "meant for each other" and "living happily ever after." Relationships look pretty easy in the movies and on television, where most of us have learned what little we think we know about partnerships. The reality, we quickly learn, is different.  With the divorce rate soaring, it's safe to assume that young couples and experienced partners alike may lack the skills and understanding necessary to sustain a committed relationship. Psychotherapists Linda and Charlie Bloom present 101 techniques delivering practical guidance and make it clear that, regardless of past experience, anyone can develop the basic strengths, skills, and capacities needed for a great relationship.  Each lesson is presented as a simple, one-line thought followed by an explanation using real life examples - from the authors' own experiences in sustaining their marriage of 31 years to those of the thousands of couples they've professionally counseled or who have taken the Blooms' life relationship seminars.  Here you'll find practical ways to connect and reconnect. You'll find the skills and the support to step into the unknown areas so that your relationship can flourish. 101 Things I Wish I Knew When I Got Married is for anyone who is, has been, or will be in a committed partnership.	2005-08-01	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479214	Echoes Of The Soul	Echo Bodine		One Palm Sunday, Echo Bodine prayed to be granted a better understanding of worlds beyond this one, and three days later she found herself on an amazing voyage. Leaving her body behind, she traveled through life, death, and then beyond in a breathtaking vision of what awaits us all after this life. Echoes of the Soul is heartwarming and enlightening. In simple prose, Echo Bodine gently leads readers through realms of existence we all have yet to experience. Her inspiring images leave us with a hopeful vision of life after death - or, as Echo calls it, graduation, when we go to our real home. This inspiring and positive vision of the afterlife leaves the reader filled with hope, and even awe.		Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479092	Treasure forest	Cat Bordhi		Winner of the Nautilus Award for best Young Adult Fictin 2004, this book is a narrative adaptation of the spiritual teaching of Eckhart Toll's The Power of Now.	2004-09-01	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479061	The Happening Of A Guru	Yogi Impressions		A Biography of Ramesh S. Balsekar  The Happening of a Guru is a biography of the Advaita sage Ramesh Balsekar. This anecdotal biography is dotted with glimpses into his life, from his days as a boy growing up in Mumbai's Saraswat community, to his years spent in the London School of Economics. It follows his career with the Bank of India of which he became the General Manager, and dwells on his close interaction with his own guru, Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj. The book culminates with Ramesh's own insights into the teaching of Advaita, of which he is regarded as the foremost contemporary exponent today. A highlight of this book is the crisp and witty, yet inspiring, essay by Ramesh on 'How do I live my life?' Here, with great clarity and simplicity, Ramesh puts across the basic tenets of his complete understanding of Advaita.  The biography is exquisitely printed on Art Paper in full colour, and is complemented with photographs of Ramesh as a young banker, of his wife and family, pictures of his guru Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj and unique portraits of Ramesh as he looks todayâ€¦ the embodiment of an enlightened Master.  Over 40 Photographic Visuals		Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479313	The Small Book Of T'Ai Chi	Sensei Sandeep Desai		Free DVD with 7 Simple Exercises T'ai Chi is a superior system of spiritual and physical well-being. It is the remedy without medicine, and the weight control without diet. It is the tranquiliser without the pill, and the cosmetic found in no pharmacy. Over 200 million people practicing T'ai Chi is evidence enough of its incredible powers. Whether you are a sportsperson seeking to better your performance; an office worker suffering from back pain; a student preparing for an upcoming exam; or, a senior citizen with arthritis - T'ai Chi provides benefits that are immeasurable. This book explores how T'ai Chi can help the practitioner get back in touch with nature - within and outside of him. With regular practice, the seven exercises presented in this book will confer: Toned muscles and improved posture at rest or in motion Better balance and coordination Greater sexual endurance More strength and stamina Child-like suppleness Reduced stress levels, enhanced productivity A calmer, fuller life	2008	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479474	Milton'S Secret	Eckhart Tolle and Robert S. Friedman		An Adventure of Discovery through Then, When, and the Power of Now  Milton has a wonderful secret. And now you can discover it too!  Milton is a happy kid until a school bully starts to push him around. Now he worries all the time about what the bully will do to him when he's at school. But Milton encounters a few situations (including a special lesson from Snuggles the cat) that help him understand a very important thing: the only way to be happy is to live in the Now.  For the first time, Eckhart Tolle and coauthor Robert S. Friedman bring the concept of the best-selling The Power of Now to a story for children.  Thought-provoking, beautifully illustrated, and a wonderful teaching tool for parents, Milton's Secret will inspire and help children who must face difficult encounters at school, on the playground, and everywhere. This charming story will bring joy to children and their parents for decades to come. Milton's Secret will not only appeal to the millions of adult readers of Tolle's books, but also to any parent who wants to introduce their children to the core of Tolle's teachings: Living in the Now is the quickest path to ending fear and suffering.  Eckhart Tolle is a contemporary spiritual teacher who is not aligned with any particular religion or tradition. He is author of the best-selling The Power of Now, A New Earth, and Stillness Speaks.  Robert S. Friedman is president and cofounder of Hampton Roads Publishing Company.  Frank Riccio is an award-winning illustrator. He is the illustrator for the best-selling children's book The Little Soul and the Sun.	2009	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788190105996	Little book of mind-power,maximise your will to win	Uri Geller			2004	Yogi Impressions						ZZZ000000
9788188479528	Little Book Of Mind-Power	Uri Geller		Maximise Your Will To Win  The Little Book of Mind-Power reveals how you can develop and super-charge your own will to win. Every page you turn will energise you with a new confidence and determination. Its internationally celebrated author has been acclaimed for his phenomenal Mind-Power which can bend and twist spoons and repair clocks! As Geller himself says, "In the world`s most famous laboratories, I have explored psychokinesis, telepathy, even teleportation - and I am convinced of one thing. I am not unique. We all have these powers."  Now, Uri Geller teaches us how we can tap into the hidden strengths each one of us possesses and explore our highest individual potential. Pick up this little book to discover:  Uri's 6 Gifts from the Gods Top 10 Secrets for beating set-backs The Secret Switch that turns off stress How Positive Thinking can overcome any obstacle How to super-charge your willpower... and more!  Packed with inspirational thoughts and invigorating techniques, this little book contains novel meditation techniques along with specially-chosen colours that can promote natural healing, increase your energy levels, induce mental calm and more! If you believe in the immense power of the human mind to achieve whatever it desires, then Uri Geller's Little Book of Mind-Power is meant for you!		Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479122	Surrender	Aftab Ahmed Khan		Memoirs of the author, an Indian police officer from Mumbai, India.	2004	Yogi Impressions						ZZZ000000
9781577312277	The Buddha	Tom Morgan		Prince Siddhartha Gautama was born in 563 B.C. on the border of India and Nepal. At age 29, he left his family and life of privilege behind to become a wandering ascetic in search of enlightenment. He studied meditation with many teachers, and after six years of seeking, became enlightened under a bodhi tree. In the 25 centuries since the Buddha lived, his teachings have spread across the globe, inspiring practitioners as well as writers both famous and obscure. This collective portrait gathers writings from contributors including Hermann Hesse, Jack Kerouac, Thich Nhat Hanh, Jack Kornfield, religious scholar Karen Armstrong, and death-row prisoner Kevin Sack, and intersperses them with 150 color photos depicting Buddhism around the world.	2002-07-01	New World Library						ZZZ000000
9788188479337	Hanuman Chalisa	Yogi Impressions		This 32-page, full-colour booklet on Lord Hanuman will delight his devotees. Besides the Chalisa, it also contains several legends sourrounding his birth and also has an in-depth article on the noble character of Hanuman. This Chalisa has been specially energised with the power of Lord Hanuman during a Mahapuja lasting for four hours at the renowned Albela Hanuman Temple at Wadala, in Mumbai.   Charged by a puja with the energy of the Hanuman temple at Wadala, Mumbai.  Contains a Hanuman yantra energized by a special yantra puja.  Offers a beautiful picture card for your temple-altar of Hanuman.   Assists you with an English transliteration and translation of the Chalisa, plus articles on the legends and noble character of Hanuman.   Includes the Sankatmochan Hanumanashtak, Bajrang Baan, Hanuman Aarti and the 108 blessed names of Shri Ram.  Depicts sacred shrines to Hanuman. Makes an ideal gift for your loved ones.  May the blessings and protection of Lord Hanuman always be with you.	2008-07-01	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479405	Sri Ramana Maharshi'S Moksha	Sankara Bhagavadpada		A Hindu Astrological Pilgrimage into the Life and Moksha of Sri Ramana Maharshi Sri Ramana Maharshi's Moksha is a new interdisciplinary Hindu astrological work in the spiritual spheres of Dharma and Moksha - exemplified through the life and Moksha of Sri Ramana Maharshi. The book throws new light on the nature of Moksha, the necessary and sufficient conditions for its occurrence, and also on the very process of the Maharshi's Moksha itself. Astrologers and seekers alike travelling on diverse paths will find in this book astonishing new insights, which will enable them to see 'order', for the first time, in the field of their enigmatic spiritual lives; a field wherein they would have seen previously no definitive pattern of spiritual destiny at all - but only a seething confusion of disillusionment and belied hopes. The author's unwavering devotion to the teachings of his four Spiritual Masters: Sri Ramana Maharshi, Sri Sri Bhagavan, Sri J. Krishnamurti and Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj, has certainly imbued the work with a spiritual intensity that is devoid of all narrowness.	2008	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479429	As It Is	Tony Parsons		Dialogues on The Open Secret  "Realisation does not emerge through our attempts to change our lives; it comes as a direct rediscovery of 'who' it is that lives." - Tony Parsons  "Sometimes we read a book that stands head and shoulders above others - stands alone. Reading As It Is can mean the end of the struggle. Living it is Liberation." - Kindred Spirit magazine  "Tony Parsons invites us all to awaken from the dream of individuality and expose the paradox of spiritual practice. It's an invitation that is both simple and profound. As It Is - is a bestseller." - Ricky James, Manager - Watkins Bookstore, London;   "As It Is is sublime. It is one of the most concise and precise descriptions of Presence that I have ever read." - Catherine Ingram, author of In The Footsteps Of Gandhi  As It Is is a profound and radical work that points to the fundamental freedom that is independent of path, process, effort, or belief. It encapsulates dialogues from the many public discussions that have taken place internationally, following the publication of Tony Parsons' The Open Secret.  Tony Parsons is an esteemed teacher whose straightforward and highly effective message of awakening to life 'as it is', is delivered with an impersonal authority that emanates from absolute clarity.  Through the direct perception of "what is, as it is", he offers the reader a very practical and accessible approach to authentic spiritual realisation.	2010	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479412	The Open Secret	Parson Tony		The Open Secret is a singular and radical work which speaks of the fundamental liberation that is absolutely beyond effort, path, process, or belief.  "Throughout my early life I felt that there was another possibility that, once realised, would transform all and everything. One day that possibility became a reality, and it was simple and ordinary, magnificent and revolutionary.  It is the open secret that reveals itself in every part of our lives.  But realisation does not emerge through our attempts to change our lives; it comes as a direct rediscovery of 'who' it is that lives.  The past and future are simply part of the drama that keeps us locked into the illusion of being separate entities. Once the gate has opened into another possibility, then the real adventure begins."		Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788190105903	Conscious flight into the empyrean,a visual journey in meditation	Santosh Sachdeva&Anjali Narottam Bagwe			1999	Yogi Impressions						ZZZ000000
9788190105958	Kundalini Diary	Santosh Sachdev		A Visual Journey In Meditation  Kundalini Diary, a visual journey in meditation, dispels the general fear-mongering that has been created around the Kundalini. To everyone's great relief, the author asserts a very real, very reassuring possibility that the arousal of the Kundalini can actually be a natural physiological process which anyone, who is willing to submit to its discipline and is dedicated to its pursuit, can initiate with a mind free of fear and dread.  Here, then, is a truly pioneering and unprecedented piece of work that not only describes but also visually represents many of the important processes and changes, transformations and insights that occur when the chakras are activated by the aroused Kundalini. Continuing in a similar vein as her earlier book Conscious Flight Into The Empyrean - the author records and illustrates her amazing encounters and experiences with this gentle force in the easy-to-read format of a Diary.  For those of you who have ventured into the mysterious realm of the awakened Consciousness, here is book you could well relate to. For those who have not experienced this phenomenon but practice meditation, and are curious about the nature of the Kundalini âÂ€Â“ this Diary will serve as a road map with significant signposts along the Kundalini path. Embark with it on a singular and what could, perhaps, be the most stimulating and rewarding journey in your life.		Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479665	Kundalini Meditation	Santosh Sachdeva		About the Book : - With a growing shift in the consciousness of the world today, the awakening of the Kundalini energy and unusual experiences associated with the process during meditation, have become more widespread. Yet, many questions remain and misconceptions abound. This book provides answers to some of the experiences and doubts that arise in such a spiritual practice. All the questions raised and answered in this book are from real-life events.  Santosh Sachdeva has undergone and intensively experienced the workings of the Kundalini energy. This was documented in her Kundalini Trilogy consisting of Conscious Flight into the Empyrean, Kundalini Diary and Kundalini Awakening. These three books represent a unique and unprecedented contribution to Kundalini literature, with unparalleled illustrative detail on the unfolding of the process.  This book is once again a unique contribution to Kundalini writing as, earlier, such credible and authentic advice was normally available only with reclusive masters. There may be something in this book a question or an experience that you could relate to as you may have had a similar doubt or experience. Hopefully, the answer will help you on your onward spiritual journey.  Also included are relevant comments by Master Charles Cannon, an American mystic and disciple of Siddha Yoga Master, Swami Muktananda Paramahansa, which offer a contemporary understanding of the subject.  If you have picked up this book, you are probably at some stage of Kundalini awakening and are seeking answers to, and reassurance on, the process of its unfolding. If so, you will perhaps find your answers in this book.	2010	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479177	Living As God	P. Raymond Stewart		Our Greatest Human Yearning Remains Our Need To Know God  "Living As God contains the next step for those who are already awakening, and a great first step for those just beginning. I recognize these words as a clear transmission of pure Truth, my own Source speaking to me... it is destined to be read over and over again." - Dr. Stephen L. Summers, Healer/Chiropractor, Austin, Texas  Is God outside of you, inside of you, or around you? Is God a person or a power? A fantasy or a reality?  How do you relate to God? When you close your eyes and are still, and say the word â€˜Godâ€™, what images or thoughts emerge? What does God mean for you? Do you feel anger towards God, fearful of Him, or do you feel ambivalent, as if the word were merely a symbol of a vague unseen power?   God is the word we use most often to describe all that we do not understand. Yet it is also the word for all that we do understand.   We may have for a long time been under the impression that our individual and collective spiritual awakening is a journey that we must make towards God. This is a perception born of the consciousness of separation.   The presence of a book such as Living As God is proof of our growing awareness of our Divinity. The author communicates with effortless simplicity that it is through the acknowledgment of our shared inner Presence that we shall awaken to the realization, that we are already submerged and saturated in God. Each page of this illuminating book soaks our awareness in the dawning realization that God is already present as us.   Living As God clearly states that we are all essentially One in spirit, and all things come from this collective soul we call God. This includes you. And knowing this offers us a grand idea â€“ that nothing comes by chance, that we are all connected.	2005-09-01	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479290	One master, one disciple,a thrilling spiritual adventure	Jyotii Subramniyan		Spiritual travelogue of the author with Himalayan master Yogiraj Gurunath Siddhanath.	2007	Yogi Impressions Mumbai India						ZZZ000000
9788190105972	Practicing The Power Of Now -- Essential Teachings, Meditations And Exercises	Eckhart Tolle				Yogi Impressions						ZZZ000000
9788188479443	Practising The Power Of Now	Eckhart Tolle		Essential Teachings, Meditations And Exercises From The Power Of Now   "All you really need to do is accept this moment fully. You are then at ease in the here and now and at ease with yourself."  'The Power of Now' has in a short time already proven to be one of the greatest spiritual books written in recent times. It contains a power that goes beyond words, and it can lead us to a much quieter place beyond our thoughts, a place where our thought-created problems dissolve, and we discover what it means to create a liberated life.   Throughout The Power of Now, there are specific practices and clear keys that show us how to discover for ourselves the "grace, ease and lightness" that come when we simply quiet our thoughts and see the world before us in the present moment.   Practicing the Power of Now is a carefully arranged series of excerpts from The Power of Now that directly give us those exercises and keys. Read this book slowly, or even just open it at random, reflect on the words, reflect even on the space between the words and - maybe over time, maybe immediately - you'll discover something of life-changing significance. You'll find the power, the ability to change and elevate not only your life, but your world as well.   It is here, now, in this moment: the sacred presence of your Being. It is here, now, not in some distant future: a place within us that always is and ever will be beyond the turmoil of life, a world of calm beyond words, of joy that has no opposite.   It is in your hands. Start practicing the power of Now.	2002	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788188479023	Stillness Speaks	Eckhart Tolle		This long-awaited second book by renowned spiritual teacher Eckhart Tolle provides a "going deeper" into the teaching already so eloquently and clearly expressed in his first book 'The Power of Now'. Although the teaching takes on new depth, added dimensions and specific focuses, it is even easier to grasp since Eckhart writes in short, clear entries ranging from one line to one page. Each entry is concise and complete in itself, even though they have been astutely organized into 10 topic clusters ranging from "Stillness & Silence" and "Beyond the Thinking Mind" to "Relationships" and "Suffering & the End of Suffering". Whether read individually, as a topic cluster, or in their totality, these entries take on a Tranformative power that can awaken the reader to Self-Realization, to their true nature.	2003	Yogi Impressions Books Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
