8179920283	The Power to Succeed	Dr. Joe Rubino	PaperBack	The Power to Succeed: 30 Principles for Maximizing Your Personal Effectiveness is a powerful course in becoming the person you wish to be. Read this book, take on the success principles discussed and watch your life and business transform and flourish. With this book you will: Uncover the secrets to accessing your personal power Create a structure for maximizing your effectiveness with others Learn to take total responsibility for everything in your life Discover the key elements to accomplishment and how to reach your goals in record time Identify your life rules and discover how honoring your core values can help you maximize productivity Complete your past and design your future on purpose Discover the keys to communicating effectively and intentionally Stop complaining and start doing 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	174p	English			1	SEL000000
8179920305	Key to Success & Happiness	Dr. Joe Rubino	PaperBack	A Fable About Leadership, Personal Excellence & EmpowermentSet in the magical world of Center Earth, inhabited by dwarves, elves, goblins and wizards, this book is an enchanting tale of personal development that teaches us the keys to success and happiness. This captivating tale examines what it means to take on true leadership while learning to become maximally effective with everyone we meet. Rubinos fable tells the story of a group of dwarves and their young leader who go off in search of the secrets to a life that works, a life filled with harmony and endless possibilities and void of the regrets and upsets that characterize most peoples existence. With a mission to restore peace and harmony to their village in turmoil, the delightful characters overcome the many challenges they encounter along their noble journey. Through self-discovery, they develop the distinctions necessary to be the best that they can be as they step into leadership and lives of contribution to others. Key to Success and Happiness teaches us such noble lessons as the power of forgiveness, the meaning of responsibility and commitment, what leadership is really all about, the magic of belief and positive expectation, the value of listening as an art, the secret to mastering ones emotion and actions and much, much more! Key to Success and Happiness combines the spell-binding storytelling reminiscent of Tolkiens The Hobbit with the personal development tools of the great masters. It is destined to become one of the great classics of our time. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	184p	English			1	SEL000000
8179920461	Principles of Powerful Living	Dr. Joe Rubino	PaperBack	Principles of Powerful Living: 30 principles for maximizing your personal effectiveness, is a powerful course in becoming the person you wish to be. Read this book, take on the success principles discussed and watch your life and business transform and flourish. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	158p	English			1	SEL000000
8179923371	Handling Tough Job Interviews	Julie-Ann Amos	PaperBack	Handle any kind of job interview.Deal confidently with tough questions.Youve got to be ready for anything in job interviews. This book deals with various types of interview, from recruitment agencies and headhunters, through to interviews with employers and Human Resources departments. It takes you step-by-step through the recruitment process and gives useful advice on interviews with senior management; dealing with psychometric tests and formal assessments; through to discussing and agreeing the job offer. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	SEL000000
8179925463	The Legend of the Light-Bearers	Dr. Joe Rubino	PaperBack	Is it ever too late for a person to pursue personal reinvention and transform his or her life? Can our planet right itself and reverse centuries of struggle, hatred, and warfare? Are love, peace, and harmony possible for the worlds people? The Legend of the Light-Bearers is a tale about vision, courage, and commitment, set in the magical new world of Center Earth. This book explores the process of personal and global transformation within the guise of an enchanting fable. As the action unfolds in a world decimated by a global cataclysm, young Matilda embarks on a personal quest to rid the world of the pervasive gloom that has enveloped it since the Earth Change. In doing so, she also explores the nature of hatred and resignation, the keys to unlock personal transformation, the power of anger, and the means to overcoming that anger and replacing it with love. This enchanting tale shows what can happen when people live values-based lives and follow their life purposes instead of their destructive moods and their need to dominate others. If ever our world needed a guide to peace and cooperation and our people, a guide to personal empowerment and happiness, they do now...and this is the book. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	SEL000000
8179925188	7 Steps to Lasting Happiness	Azim Jamal	PaperBack	7 Steps to Lasting Happiness is practical, insightful, and inspiring. A must-read for people who are seeking balance, harmony, and happiness. This book examines how to: Have a clear vision for yourself Know your values & principles Feel fulfilled in the career of your choice Have wholesome & mutual relationships Live to your fullest potential Move your life forward Have a happy and balanced life7 Steps to Lasting Happiness is both inspiring & practical. Everyone will benefit from it. Deepak ChopraAn enlightening, down-to-earth and paradigm-shifting work! Robin Sharma, author of the #1 bestseller The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	252p	English			1	SEL000000
8179925749	The Power Of Giving	Azim Jamal & Harvey McKinnon	PaperBack	This book will inspire you. Youll realize the best way to find happiness is to give happiness. Youll discover the more you give, the more you have. Youll see that giving can make our world a more peaceful, harmonious and productive place.The Power of Giving shows that each of us has many gifts to share  time, love, kindness,  even if you dont have money. Youll find where your own giving can have the greatest impact.Bestselling authors Azim Jamal (Seven Steps to Lasting Happiness) and Harvey McKinnon (Hidden Gold) have written a profound guide to help give you the power to create abundance  in the lives of others and in your own life as well.The Power of Giving is a must read for anyone seeking an abundant and richer life.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	184p	English			1	SEL000000
8179925676	The Way to Happiness (New Edition)	L. Ron Hubbard	PaperBack	One Can Feel At Times Like A Spinning Leaf Blown Along A Dirty Street, One Can Feel Like A Grain Of Sand Stuck In One Place. But Nobody Has Said That Life Was A Calm And Orderly Thing; It Isnt. One Isnt A Tattered Leaf Nor A Grain Of Sand; One Can, To A Greater Or Lesser Degree, Draw His Road Map And Follow It. L. Ron HubbardTo travel down a highway or through a lifetime, one must make the right decisions. A wrong turn leaves one lost, disoriented, or even struggling for life; without values, one is stranded, hopeless and helpless. The Way to Happiness provides a solution: a map to guide us toward trust, honesty and competence. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179926765	Success Unlimited	:e: Og MandinoWith A Special Introduction By W. Clement Stone	PaperBack	Here are more than 60 of the best articles that have appeared for more than a decade in Success Unlimited magazine. They cover such topics as the power of faith, ideas, love, courage and mind which will help you to discover your hidden potentials and achieve success.Some of most outstanding individuals reveal the way to happiness, health and success through their own experiences and reflections on life or the stories of people they have known and admired. World-renowned clergymen like Preston Bradley, Norman Vincent Peale and Harold Blake Walker describe how you can develop your natural talents, stop worrying and achieve seemingly impossible goals. Mahatma Gandhi tells why he is convinced that organized mind-power is greater than military power.There are many other fascinating articles, including one by W. Clement Stone on his extraordinary careerfrom Chicago newsboy at the age of six to the head of a vast commercial and publishing empire. Of particular interest is the section entitled Sales Unlimited with its practical down-to-earth advice for salesman and would-be sales managers.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	274p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179926796	Great Failures Of The Extremely Successful	Steve Young	PaperBack	FAILURE: The Best Thing That Ever Happened To You!Heartfelt and inspirational stories, anecdotes and historical facts from the well-respected and well-known to the successful Everyman and Everywoman, each of whom recall the heartbreaks, wrong moves, flops botched opportunities and rejections that ultimately led to triumph.Personal Stories By: Erin Brockovich  John Wooden  Jane Goodall  Johnny Unitas  Sam Donaldson  Teddy Pendergrass  Ann Richards  Bill Walton  Steve Allen  Billy Idol  Dr. Audrey Manley  Jimmy Breslin  Michael Medved  Al Franken  Stephen Cannell  Larry Gelbart  Nanette Fabray  Grand Master Hsing Yun  Betty White  Clive Cussler  Pat Boone  Robert Pinsky  Tony Curtis  Norm Pattiz  Robert Townsend  Garry Marshall ... and many more 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	334p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179926826	The Miracle of Positive Thinking	Arnold Fox, M.D., & Barry Fox	PaperBack	The Miracle of Positive Thinking is your prescription for what it takes to be healthy, happy, and terrific in todays world. Consider Dr. Foxs RX for healthier living through positive thinking as you read this book. Put the ideas into practice and when you finish the book you wont be the same person physically who began it! Be certain to follow the Doctors orders daily. Judith Williamson, Director, Napoleon Hill World Learning CenterPRESCRIPTION FOR YOURX: Wake Up! Youre AliveDispense: One BookFrom: Arnold Fox, M.D.Date: TodaySig: Read Wake Up! Youre Alive all the way through. Re-read the book, one chapter every day, over and over again. Memorize the affirmations in each chapter. Make them part of your daily routine. When in trouble, read the chapter relating to your distress. Do not substitute. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	200p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179926833	Invincible Thinking	Ryuho Okawa	PaperBack	There Is No Such Thing As DefeatLife can be compared to the construction of a tunnel; it seems we are often obstructed by solid rock. Invincible thinking works as the powerful drill to break through this rocks. When we practice this way of thinking, we will never feel defeat in our lives. Invincible thinking is based on practical theories and it bridges the ideas of self-reflection and progress. By reading, savoring and practicing the philosophy in this book, and using it as your own power, you will be able to declare that there is no such thing as defeatonly success.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	SEL000000
9788184950380	Invincible Thinking (Hindi)	Ryuho Okawa	PaperBack	Now In HindiThere Is No Such Thing As DefeatLife can be compared to the construction of a tunnel; it seems we are often obstructed by solid rock. Invincible thinking works as the powerful drill to break through this rocks. When we practice this way of thinking, we will never feel defeat in our lives. Invincible thinking is based on practical theories and it bridges the ideas of self-reflection and progress. By reading, savoring and practicing the philosophy in this book, and using it as your own power, you will be able to declare that there is no such thing as defeatonly success. 	2010	Jaico Publishing House	160p	Hindi			1	SEL000000
9788184950687	Invincible Thinking (Gujarati)	Ryuho Okawa	PaperBack	Now In GujaratiThere Is No Such Thing As DefeatLife can be compared to the construction of a tunnel; it seems we are often obstructed by solid rock. Invincible thinking works as the powerful drill to break through this rocks. When we practice this way of thinking, we will never feel defeat in our lives. Invincible thinking is based on practical theories and it bridges the ideas of self-reflection and progress. By reading, savoring and practicing the philosophy in this book, and using it as your own power, you will be able to declare that there is no such thing as defeatonly success. 	2010	Jaico Publishing House	164p	Gujarati			1	SEL000000
9788184950953	Invincible Thinking (Marathi)	Ryuho Okawa	PaperBack	Now In MarathiThere Is No Such Thing As DefeatLife can be compared to the construction of a tunnel; it seems we are often obstructed by solid rock. Invincible thinking works as the powerful drill to break through this rocks. When we practice this way of thinking, we will never feel defeat in our lives. Invincible thinking is based on practical theories and it bridges the ideas of self-reflection and progress. By reading, savoring and practicing the philosophy in this book, and using it as your own power, you will be able to declare that there is no such thing as defeatonly success. 	2010	Jaico Publishing House	168p	Marathi			1	SEL000000
9788179926819	Curious Lives	Richard Bach	PaperBack	This collection of adventure fables from an enchanting world tackle issues of salvation, romance and suspense through bravery, love and humility. Come and explore this exciting world along with the virtuous ferrets and their moralistic adventures.Readers of all ages will delight in these magical escapades of these loving creatures as they continue to seek their rights through courage, sacrifice, heroism, creativity, and finding what matters most in life, love for the moment, along with other joyful messages. This book is best read aloud at bedtime with your kids, spouse or lover. Its very nature and purpose entices the reader into a magical time zone. It is undeniably wholesome; uplifting and inspiring without being sappy or preachy. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	384p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179926888	The Greatest Secret In The World	Og Mandino	PaperBack	The Greatest Secret In The World has been acclaimed by experts in the field of inspirational literature as a fitting companion to its best-selling predecessor, The Greatest Salesman In The World. According to many of todays publishing standards, The Greatest Salesman In The World should never have become a best seller.But something extraordinary happened to The Greatest Salesman... that peculiar phenomenon called word of mouth advertising which happens to a book once or twice each decade. Hundreds of thousands of copies in hard cover form have already been sold since it first appeared in 1968 and it continues to sell at the rate of thousands of copies per week.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	188p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179926895	The Greatest Miracle In The World	Og Mandino	PaperBack	The Greatest Miracle In The World is a heart-warming story of hope and inspiration that will affect your thoughts and actions long after the final sentence has touched your heart. This is the incredible story of Simon Potter, a ragpicker who delivers an inspiring memorandum from God to make the difference between success or disaster in YOUR life. This book is sure to bring you up when you are feeling downa great antidote for depression. One of Og Mandinos best stories. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	140p	English			1	SEL000000
9788184950373	The Greatest Miracle In The World (With CD)	Og Mandino	PaperBack	This COLLECTORS EDITION Includes THE GREATEST MIRACLE IN THE WORLD Audiobook Read by Og MandinoWith every listening, you will achieve your greatest potential and discover the key to lasting happiness.A powerful narrative that has inspired millions to achieve their greatest potentialThe Greatest Miracle In The World is the incredible story of Simon Potter, a ragpicker who delivers an inspiring memorandum from God to make the difference between success or disaster in YOUR life. This is a spellbinding narrative revealing exciting new secrets for your personal happiness and success. It offers priceless wisdom to those searching for a higher meaning and purpose in life. A heart-warming story of hope and inspiration this book will affect your thoughts and actions long after the final sentence has touched your heart.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	140p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179927014	365 Days Of Inspiration	Napoleon Hill	PaperBack	365 Days Of Inspiration combines Dr. Hills maxims with time tested thoughts from around the world. Motivational ideas in literary works and spiritual writings abound now and in ages past. Linking these thoughts together gives the reader additional insight, depth of understanding, and an opportunity to assimilate the short message and make it their own. As you read the thought for the day, reflect on it and see how it applies to you as you journey toward your success. At one point in time, Dr. Hill called these maxims Mental Vitamins. Good thoughts produce good outcomes. W. Clement Stone, Dr. Hills friend and business partner, states: In a novel, the author writers the conclusion; in a self-help book, the reader writes the conclusion by the action he takes. What you think about, you become. Think on these thing, and become the very best you can be! Do it now! 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	390p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179926772	Life Balance The Sufi Way	Azim Jamal & Nido Qubein	PaperBack	Based on the authors combined 50 years of experience, Life Balance The Sufi Way brings a fresh perspective to why most people are overworked, yet underutilized. The book reflects on Eastern philosophies emphasizing reflection, silence, and going with the flow, and interweaves them with Western ideas of excellence, efficiency and effectiveness to invite balance in our lives.Life Balance The Sufi WayLife Balance Is Your Choice illustrates that life balance is a choice each one of us makes  circumstances do not determine life balance! 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	304p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179926970	The Success Code	Dr. Joe Rubino	PaperBack	A Powerful Course in Personal Effectiveness!What exactly distinguishes those who are effective in their relationships, productive in business, and happy, powerful and successful in their approach to life from those who struggle, suffer, and fail? That is the key question that The Success Code supports readers to explore in life-changing detail. Read this book, take on the success principles discussed and watch your life and business flourish.With this book YOU will: Uncover the secrets to accessing your personal power Create a structure for maximizing your effectiveness with others Learn to take total responsibility for everything in your life Complete your past and deliberately design the future Discover the keys to communicating effectively and intentionally Stop complaining and start doing Seize your personal power and conquer resignation in your life Learn how to generate conversations that uncover new possibilities...and more! 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179927205	10 Rules of Wisdom	Ryuho Okawa	PaperBack	The Truth Of Happiness, Enlightenment & The Creation Of An Ideal WorldThe Principles of Happiness, Love, the Mind, Enlightenment, Progress, Wisdom, Utopia, Salvation, Self-Reflection, and Prayerthese are the ten principles that can serve as a compass for a spiritual life, enabling each and every person to bring happiness and spiritual growth to themselves, and to all those around them. This is a compilation of the early lectures of Ryuho Okawa, spiritual leader and the founder of Kofuku-no-Kagaku, The Institute for Research in Human Happiness, which has grown to be one of the most influential spiritual movements in Japan in the last 20 years. His passionate words and lofty ideals will touch the depths of your heart.Ryuho Okawa, founder and spiritual leader of the Institute for Research in Human Happiness (IRH), has devoted his life to the exploration of the Truth and ways to happiness. He was born in 1956 in Tokushima, Japan. After graduating from the University of Tokyo, he joined a major Tokyo-based trading house and studied international finance at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York. In 1986, he renounced his business career and established IRH. He is the author of many books and periodicals.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	300p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179927274	Messiahs Handbook	Richard Bach	PaperBack	In Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah, Richard Bach met Donald Shimoda, a fellow pilot with the keys to the universe who barnstormed the Midwest in a Travel Air biplane. Part of Shimodas secret was a small book, bound in what looked like suede: Messiahs Handbook, Reminders for the Advanced Soul. Open it, he said, and whatever you need to know is there. Lost for decades and rediscovered, here it is in print at lastreminders for those who have outgrown cynicism and doubt. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179927922	Think & Grow Rich!	Napoleon Hill	PaperBack	Napoleon Hills classic Think & Grow Rich ! has made more millionaires and inspired more successes than any other book in history.For three decades Napoleon Hill collaborated with Americas most creative and successful entrepreneurs, learning firsthand why they succeeded while others failed. Some of the most famous self-made multimillionaires personally revealed to Hill the secrets they had used to pull themselves out of poverty and create their own success.More than a self-improvement book, Think & Grow Rich ! offers you a complete philosophy of personal achievement. It will teach you methods to create a success-consciousness within yourself, and it will provide you with a detailed blueprint for achieving that success. Think & Grow Rich ! is a book that will not just change what you think  it will change the way you think. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	412p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179928363	The 10 Commitments	David Simon, M.D.	PaperBack	In the spirit of both Eastern and Western traditions, Dr. David Simon shows how changing our mindset from commandment to personal commitment can help us make the life transformations we want and need.We were raised on the Ten Commandments  and unfortunately most of us use the philosophy of thou shalt not (eat too much, drink too much, work too hard, etc.) to command ourselves to change. Dr. Simon encourages us to embrace the power of commitment to create a life of greater peace, vitality, love and purpose. Through commitment to loving more openly, embracing abundance, relaxing, and being authentic, we can translate our desires into actions that bring about transformation and healing. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	214p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179928219	Freedom	Deepak Chopra & David Simon	PaperBack	If youve ever wished you could just stop... drinking  gambling  overeating  shopping  smoking  otherFor anyone struggling to break the cycle of addiction comes the groundbreaking approach from the Chopra Center, the world-renowned facility that has successfully helped thousands of people change their lives for the better.Chopra Center cofounder and medical director David Simon, M.D., and bestselling author and personal-growth expert Deepak Chopra outline their revolutionary approach  one that defies outmoded beliefs about recovery, particularly that people are their addictions or that they are powerless to control them. By integrating the best of Western research with Eastern traditions, Simon and Chopra give anyone the tools to uncover the true cause of their addiction and provide comprehensive steps to end it for good. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179928264	The Five Love Languages	Gary Chapman	PaperBack	Are you and your spouse speaking the same language?He sends you flowers when what you really want is time to talk. She gives you a hug when what you really need is a home-cooked meal. The problem isnt your love  its your love language!In this international bestseller, Dr. Gary Chapman reveals how different people express love in different ways. In fact, there are five specific languages of love: Quality Time  Words of Affirmation  Gifts  Acts of Service  Physical TouchWhat speaks volumes to you may be meaningless to your spouse. But here, at last, is the key to understanding each others unique needs. Apply the right principles, learn the right language, and soon youll know the profound satisfaction and joy of being able to express your love  and feeling truly loved in return. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	204p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179928295	Why Its Great To Be A Girl	Jacqueline Shannon with Madeline Trobaugh	PaperBack	Why Its Great to Be a Girl is a must-have for every girl from six to sixteen! Chock-full of fascinating facts, enlightening girl-knowledge, and important historical milestones  even a list of great books written by women  here is a guaranteed self-esteem booster for young females everywhere . . . and its lots of fun too! After all, what girl wouldnt feel great about herself knowing that:  girls hear better than boys  girls drive better than boys  girls bodies are stronger than boys in every way, except for muscles  girls are less susceptible to major diseases  and, according to many anthropologists and archaeologists, girls actually civilized humankind! So get ready for an eye-opening journey through the awesomeness of girldom  with the ultimate guide to why being a girl is the ultimate in cool! 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	 160p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179928707	Create Your Dream Life	Dr. Joe Rubino	PaperBack	Timeless wisdom for people who want to have it all  success, happiness, rich relationships, material abundance and a life characterized by inner peace and true contentment. Create Your Dream Life is a comprehensive personal development course that will enrich every aspect of your life. Incorporate the success principles presented and watch your world miraculously transform to grant your every wish.With this book, you will: Discover the keys to unlock the door to success and happiness in life Learn how your listening determines what you attract to you And how to shift your listening to access your personal power See how creating a clear intention can cause miracles to manifest Learn the secrets to making powerful requests Discover how to fully connect with and champion others to realize their greatness Learn to create interpretations that support your excellence and avoid those that foster mediocrity 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	172p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179928905	Timeless Thoughts for Today	Napoleon Hill, Judith Williamson	PaperBack	As a student of Dr. Hill for many years, I know that his philosophy works best when it is observable and measurable. This means that in order to achieve desired results, a simple two step process must be followed:Step 1: Thought + Step 2: Action = SuccessIt is not always easy to take action, but without action there is no success. Reflect on this for a moment. Great intentions never measure up to the smallest action. However, the tiniest action begins to build a momentum that culminates in your desired success if you build on the previous action daily.Napoleon Hills Timeless Thoughts for Today pairs Dr. Hills philosophy with actions that will move you toward success. I suggest that you try a few, keep a log, and watch your success rate grow. Without the action step, you are missing the master key to your dreams.First chart your course, next plan your method of travel, and third, step into the journey and begin! As you progress, you can then evaluate what actions work best for you. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	184p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179928912	Positive Thoughts Positive Action	Arnold Fox & Barry Fox	PaperBack	Positive Thoughts Positive Action by Drs. Arnold and Barry Fox can stand alone or be read as the sequel to their co-authored book The Miracle of Positive Thinking. Both books focus on living a positive lifestyle by using action oriented strategies that assist a person in seeing the abundant side of life. Critics insist that these ideas do not work, but the Fox family is proof that what you focus on you become. After you read the heartfelt stories that fill the book, you can decide whether or not this is how you want to live your life.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179928929	Making Miracles	Arnold Fox & Barry Fox	PaperBack	As you follow the simple day-by-day program designed by Drs. Arnold and Barry Fox, you will learn to tap into the secrets of miracle making that are in your control. You will: Discover the miraculous power of prayer Overcome lifes obstacles by changing your self-talk Make sound health a daily miracle as you deal with stress, depression heart disease, and cancer Learn to dispel the gloom and doom of depression for a positive mental attitude Put your faith to work for you so that you can create a life filled with miracles beginning today Incorporate this process fully into your own life so that you can begin to touch the lives of those you love 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	280p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179928226	An Unshakable Mind	Ryuho Okawa	PaperBack	Many of us find ourselves unable to deal with the problems that life throws at us. Whether it is professional or personal disappointment, unexpected tragedies or long-lasting difficulties, too often we feel overwhelmed. According to spiritual teacher Ryuho Okawa, the way to deal with these situations is with an unshakable mind. In this book, he describes ways to build inner confidence and achieve spiritual growth, adopting a spiritual perspective as the basis. With a willingness to learn from everything that life presents you, good or bad, any difficulty can be transformed into nourishment for the soul.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	136p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179929315	Success Is Not An Accident	Tommy Newberry	PaperBack	This is without a doubt the single most important lesson you must learn, and really understand, if you want to develop your full potential and achieve all the success you were designed to enjoy!Whether you want to strengthen your family life, improve your career, deepen your faith, or take your physical energy to a whole new level, you can do it!With the help of Americas Success Coach Tommy Newberry, youll learn how to  develop a life-changing mission statement create, set, and achieve exciting and attainable goals manage your time and stress levels to achieve peak effectiveness unleash the amazing power of visualization and self-talk, and  quickly boost your natural energy levelsTheres no magic. The process of living your dreams is not complex or even sophisticated. Its simple. Its straightforward. It works. And the moment you fully accept it, your life and the lives of those you love will never again be the same. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179929483	The Laws Of Happiness	Ryuho Okawa	PaperBack	Many people today believe that they are seeking happiness, yet their efforts only make them more and more unhappy. The Laws of Happiness is a basic introduction to the teachings of Ryuho Okawa, illustrating his core philosophy. He teaches that if people can master The Principles of Happiness - Love, Wisdom, Self-Reflection, and Progress - they can make their life shine in both this world and the other, for these principles, based on Okawas experiences, are the four methods of escaping suffering. Okawa shows you how to free yourself from the suffering of selfish love, how to stop bemoaning your ignorance and learn through study how to cut off negative spiritual influences through self-reflection, and how your strong thoughts will be realized. These are the keys to creating a spiritual age that is to come, which Ryuho Okawa calls The Age of the Sun.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179929841	Six Attitudes For Winners	Norman Vincent Peale	PaperBack	GIVE YOURSELF AN ATTITUDE CHECK.Your attitudes are the keys to success. So why not boost them with the practical help in this book? Discover which attitudes will help you: face fears put excitement into life confront worries throw away personality crutches anticipate the future solve problems creativelyDr. Norman Vincent Peale, can give you the secrets of winning attitudes.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	144p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179929735	The Last Lecture (Gujarati)	Randy Pausch with Jeffrey Zaslow	PaperBack	International Bestseller - Now in GujaratiA lot of professors give talks titles titled The Lat Lecture. Professors are asked to consider their demise and to ruminate on what matters most to them. And while they speak, audiences cant help but mull the same question: What wisdom would we impart to the world if we knew it was our last chance? If we had to vanish tomorrow, what would we want as our legacy?When Randy Pausch, a computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon, was asked to give such a lecture, he didnt have to imagine it as his last, science he had recently been diagnosed with terminal cancer. But the lecture he gave  Really Achieving Your Childhood Dreams  wasnt about dying. It was about the importance of overcoming obstacles, of enabling the dreams of others, of seizing every moment (because time is all you have... and you may find one day that you have less than you think). It was a summation of everything Randy had come to believe. It was about living.In this book, Randy Pausch has combined the humor, inspiration, and intelligence that made his lecture such a phenomenon and given it an indelible form. It is a book that will be shared for generations to come.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179929940	The Last Lecture (Marathi)	Randy Pausch with Jeffrey Zaslow	PaperBack	International Bestseller - Now in MarathiA lot of professors give talks titles titled The Lat Lecture. Professors are asked to consider their demise and to ruminate on what matters most to them. And while they speak, audiences cant help but mull the same question: What wisdom would we impart to the world if we knew it was our last chance? If we had to vanish tomorrow, what would we want as our legacy?When Randy Pausch, a computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon, was asked to give such a lecture, he didnt have to imagine it as his last, science he had recently been diagnosed with terminal cancer. But the lecture he gave  Really Achieving Your Childhood Dreams  wasnt about dying. It was about the importance of overcoming obstacles, of enabling the dreams of others, of seizing every moment (because time is all you have... and you may find one day that you have less than you think). It was a summation of everything Randy had come to believe. It was about living.In this book, Randy Pausch has combined the humor, inspiration, and intelligence that made his lecture such a phenomenon and given it an indelible form. It is a book that will be shared for generations to come.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	312p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179929582	I Love Living	Rajan	PaperBack	A Practical Guide for Effective LivingThere is no point in getting enlightened every week with these enriching thoughts if you do not make your life more effective by implementing these thoughts. You will miss beautiful opportunities for growth in your life despite having total knowledge.I Love Living is a practical, powerful book for effective living. The contents of this book are taken from spontaneous speeches delivered by Rajan in his Wisdom sessions. Each speech is a thought- provoking tool to spark your life.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	228p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179929575	The Five Languages of Apology	Gary Chapman & Jennifer Thomas	PaperBack	The good news is that you can learn the art of apology. Through their research and interaction with hundreds of individuals, counselor Dr. Jennifer Thomas and Dr. Gary Chapman, have discovered five fundamental aspects or languages of an apology:  Expressing Regret  I am sorry.  Accepting Responsibility  I was wrong.  Making Restitution  What can I do to make it right?  Genuinely Repenting  Ill try not to do that again.  Requesting Forgiveness  Will you please forgive me?In The Five Languages of Apology, you will learn how to recognize your own primary apology language while speaking the languages of those you love. Understanding and applying the five languages of an apology will greatly enhance all of your relationships. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179929612	The Five Love Languages for Singles	Gary Chapman	PaperBack	YOU CAN KNOW THE JOY OF UNCONDITIONAL LOVE!Dr. Gary Chapman believes you have a God-given yearning for complete and unconditional love. But youll never be able to express it  or receive it  until you learn to speak the right love language. The Five Love Languages for Singles reveals how different personalities express love in different ways. In fact, there are five specific languages of love: Quality Time Words of Affirmation Gifts Acts of Service Physical TouchGary Chapmans first best-selling book, The Five Love Languages, has already connected with more than 3 million readers. Now he tailors that message to meet the unique needs of singles, using real-life examples and anecdotes taken from his 30 years of interaction with single adults.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	248p	English			1	SEL000000
9788184950229	The Law of Attraction: Plain and Simple	Sonia Ricotti	PaperBack	Take Charge of Your Life  Now!Ricotti shows you how to live the life of your dreams, your greatest life, by applying eleven simple steps to enjoying inner peace and happiness in every area including: Decide what you want  Choose your thoughts and feelings  Connect mind, body, spirit The Law of Attraction states that we attract into our lives what we project into the universe. Written in plain English and filled with stories, tips, and exercises, The Law of Attraction helps you shift your thoughts, language, and emotions. Its time to stop the negative energy flow and learn to project positive energy  all the time.Concise, accessible, and practical  this little book is all you need to put the complaints behind you and get what you want, need, and deserve. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	140p	English			1	SEL000000
9788184950250	The Bitch Switch	Omarosa	PaperBack	When a woman acts assertively, makes demands, and struggles for what she wants, she is labeled a bitch. The secret is to know when and how to turn on (or turn off) that bitch switch. Not being able to locate your switch leaves you open to being a victim; not knowing how to turn it off will get you a label that is hard to shake. From Omarosa  the reality star, and global television personality, comes The Bitch Switch, the smart and bitingly honest must-read for every woman who aspires to succeed in relationships, in business, and at home.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	208p	English			1	SEL000000
9788184950328	The Little Book of Secrets: Gentle Wisdom for Joyful Living	Chris Prentiss	PaperBack	This rare collection of time-honored wisdom gently guides, inspires, and opens us to life as it is meant to be, even in its ups and downs  joyous, peaceful, and prosperous.The Little Book of Secrets: Gentle Wisdom for Joyful Living shares 81 precious sayings distilled from the worlds ancient wisdom along with the authors own perceptive comments. Both will help you find insight, peace, and guidance in our busy, modern world. These elegant principles for enlightened living cover everything from creating enduring relationships to achieving a quiet and contented heart to the best way to face conflict, loss, and danger. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	184p	English			1	SEL000000
9788184950816	Hypnotizing Maria	Richard Bach	PaperBack	In this teaching fable, Richard Bach explores both flight and metaphysics. In the opening moments of the story, we meet Jamie Forbes, a pilot who guides a woman into landing a plane safely after her husband loses consciousness. She later claims it was like being hypnotized. Richard Bach, in this his twentieth book, has written a compelling fable about reality and suggestion.Bach explores deep spiritual and philosophical issues in this slim volume. Our true nature, it seems, is not bound by space and time. We live in a world full of appearances. If we stop accepting them as reality, the book suggests, these appearances will cease to be our reality. We enter this world to explore, to have fun, to learn, and to have shared experiences with the people we care about, but most of all to learn how to love and love again. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	SEL000000
9788184950854	The Essence of Law of Success (With CD)	Napoleon Hill	PaperBack	Collectors Edition Includes LAW OF SUCCESS AudiobookLAW OF SUCCESS is the most comprehensive guide to achieving success. This condensed version of Napoleon Hills classic will help you achieve dreams and personal success you may never have thought possible. Discover the incredible amount of useful information brought together for you in this one magnificent CD.This book presents, in a greatly condensed form, the entire seventeen factors out of which the Law of Success philosophy was evolved. This philosophy represents all that the most successful men who ever lived have learned about the achievement of success in practically every sort of human endeavor. Its compilation has cost a fortune, to say nothing of the better part of a lifetime of effort upon the part of the author. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	204p	English			1	SEL000000
9788184950670	Be Rich & Happy	Robert T. Kiyosaki	PaperBack	Are you wrestling with any of these problems? Youre struggling along from paycheck to paycheck Youre earning too little to ever afford your dreams Youve got too little stored away to live comfortably in retirementThen this book is for you!If youre like most of us, your years in school did little to prepare you for the challenges of the real world. They are more likely to have planted seeds of financial and emotional failure in your life. These seeds sprout later, sabotaging our most sincere attempts to get ahead and create happy, prosperous lives for ourselves and our families.This book reverses the damage. It shows you how to identify and reverse the harmful programming you unconsciously received in the classroom, and learn new habits that will set you up for financial and emotional success right now. With the blueprint in this book, you will learn attitudes and abilities that will help you not merely to survive, but to prosper, regardless of whether the economy goes up or goes down. If you want to be rich and happy, read this book!	2010	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	SEL000000
8179924947	The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari (Hindi)    Sanyasi Jisne Apni Sampati Bech Di	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In HindiSanyasi Jisne Apni Sampati Bech DiWisdom to Create a Life of Passion, Purpose, and PeaceThis inspiring tale provides a step-by-step approach to living with greater courage, balance, abundance, and joy. A wonderfully crafted fable, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari tells the extraordinary story of Julian Mantle, a lawyer forced to confront the spiritual crisis of his out-of-balance life. On a life-changing odyssey to an ancient culture, he discovers powerful, wise, and practical lessons that teach us to: Develop joyful thoughts Follow our lifes mission and calling Cultivate self-discipline and act courageously Value time as our most important commodity Nourish our relationships, and  live fully, one day at a timeA Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams And Reaching Your Destiny	2006	Jaico Publishing House	240p	Hindi			1	SEL000000
8179925277	The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari (Marathi) Sanyasi Jyane Apli Sampati Vikli	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In MarathiSanyasi Jyane Apli Sampati Vikli Wisdom to Create a Life of Passion, Purpose, and PeaceThis inspiring tale provides a step-by-step approach to living with greater courage, balance, abundance, and joy. A wonderfully crafted fable, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari tells the extraordinary story of Julian Mantle, a lawyer forced to confront the spiritual crisis of his out-of-balance life. On a life-changing odyssey to an ancient culture, he discovers powerful, wise, and practical lessons that teach us to: Develop joyful thoughts Follow our lifes mission and calling Cultivate self-discipline and act courageously Value time as our most important commodity Nourish our relationships, and  live fully, one day at a timeA Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams And Reaching Your Destiny	2006	Jaico Publishing House	196p	Marathi			1	SEL000000
8179925641	The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari (Telugu)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In TeluguWisdom to Create a Life of Passion, Purpose, and PeaceThis inspiring tale provides a step-by-step approach to living with greater courage, balance, abundance, and joy. A wonderfully crafted fable, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari tells the extraordinary story of Julian Mantle, a lawyer forced to confront the spiritual crisis of his out-of-balance life. On a life-changing odyssey to an ancient culture, he discovers powerful, wise, and practical lessons that teach us to: Develop joyful thoughts Follow our lifes mission and calling Cultivate self-discipline and act courageously Value time as our most important commodity Nourish our relationships, and  live fully, one day at a timeA Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams And Reaching Your Destiny	2006	Jaico Publishing House	196p	Telugu			1	SEL000000
8179926729	The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari (Kannada)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In KannadaWisdom to Create a Life of Passion, Purpose, and PeaceThis inspiring tale provides a step-by-step approach to living with greater courage, balance, abundance, and joy. A wonderfully crafted fable, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari tells the extraordinary story of Julian Mantle, a lawyer forced to confront the spiritual crisis of his out-of-balance life. On a life-changing odyssey to an ancient culture, he discovers powerful, wise, and practical lessons that teach us to: Develop joyful thoughts Follow our lifes mission and calling Cultivate self-discipline and act courageously Value time as our most important commodity Nourish our relationships, and  live fully, one day at a timeA Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams And Reaching Your Destiny 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	172p	Kannada			1	SEL000000
8179926737	The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari (Gujarati)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In GujaratiSanyasi Jemane Potani Sampati Vechi NakhiWisdom to Create a Life of Passion, Purpose, and PeaceThis inspiring tale provides a step-by-step approach to living with greater courage, balance, abundance, and joy. A wonderfully crafted fable, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari tells the extraordinary story of Julian Mantle, a lawyer forced to confront the spiritual crisis of his out-of-balance life. On a life-changing odyssey to an ancient culture, he discovers powerful, wise, and practical lessons that teach us to: Develop joyful thoughts Follow our lifes mission and calling Cultivate self-discipline and act courageously Value time as our most important commodity Nourish our relationships, and  live fully, one day at a timeA Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams And Reaching Your Destiny	2007	Jaico Publishing House	204p	Gujarati			1	SEL000000
9788179926086	The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari (Tamil)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In TamilSanyasi Jemane Potani Sampati Vechi NakhiWisdom to Create a Life of Passion, Purpose, and PeaceThis inspiring tale provides a step-by-step approach to living with greater courage, balance, abundance, and joy. A wonderfully crafted fable, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari tells the extraordinary story of Julian Mantle, a lawyer forced to confront the spiritual crisis of his out-of-balance life. On a life-changing odyssey to an ancient culture, he discovers powerful, wise, and practical lessons that teach us to: Develop joyful thoughts Follow our lifes mission and calling Cultivate self-discipline and act courageously Value time as our most important commodity Nourish our relationships, and  live fully, one day at a timeA Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams And Reaching Your Destiny	2007	Jaico Publishing House	324p	Tamil			1	SEL000000
9788179926932	The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari (Bengali)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In BengaliWisdom to Create a Life of Passion, Purpose, and PeaceThis inspiring tale provides a step-by-step approach to living with greater courage, balance, abundance, and joy. A wonderfully crafted fable, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari tells the extraordinary story of Julian Mantle, a lawyer forced to confront the spiritual crisis of his out-of-balance life. On a life-changing odyssey to an ancient culture, he discovers powerful, wise, and practical lessons that teach us to: Develop joyful thoughts Follow our lifes mission and calling Cultivate self-discipline and act courageously Value time as our most important commodity Nourish our relationships, and  live fully, one day at a timeA Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams And Reaching Your Destiny	2007	Jaico Publishing House	208p	Bengali			1	SEL000000
9788179927823	The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari (Oriya)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In OriyaSanyasi Jemane Potani Sampati Vechi NakhiWisdom to Create a Life of Passion, Purpose, and PeaceThis inspiring tale provides a step-by-step approach to living with greater courage, balance, abundance, and joy. A wonderfully crafted fable, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari tells the extraordinary story of Julian Mantle, a lawyer forced to confront the spiritual crisis of his out-of-balance life. On a life-changing odyssey to an ancient culture, he discovers powerful, wise, and practical lessons that teach us to: Develop joyful thoughts Follow our lifes mission and calling Cultivate self-discipline and act courageously Value time as our most important commodity Nourish our relationships, and  live fully, one day at a timeA Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams And Reaching Your Destiny	2007	Jaico Publishing House	200p	Oriya			1	SEL000000
9788179928066	The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari (Assamese)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In AssameseSanyasi Jemane Potani Sampati Vechi NakhiWisdom to Create a Life of Passion, Purpose, and PeaceThis inspiring tale provides a step-by-step approach to living with greater courage, balance, abundance, and joy. A wonderfully crafted fable, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari tells the extraordinary story of Julian Mantle, a lawyer forced to confront the spiritual crisis of his out-of-balance life. On a life-changing odyssey to an ancient culture, he discovers powerful, wise, and practical lessons that teach us to: Develop joyful thoughts Follow our lifes mission and calling Cultivate self-discipline and act courageously Value time as our most important commodity Nourish our relationships, and  live fully, one day at a timeA Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams And Reaching Your Destiny	2007	Jaico Publishing House	216p	Assamese			1	SEL000000
9788179927069	The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari (With CD)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	EXCLUSIVE EDITION Includes THE MONK WHO SOLD HIS FERRARI Audiobook Read By The Author. Now you can gain the wisdom and lessons from the book while you commute.This inspiring tale provides a step-by-step approach to living with greater courage, balance, abundance, and joy. A wonderfully crafted fable, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari tells the extraordinary story of Julian Mantle, a lawyer forced to confront the spiritual crisis of his out-of-balance life. On a life-changing odyssey to an ancient culture, he discovers powerful, wise, and practical lessons that teach us to: Develop joyful thoughts Follow our lifes mission and calling Cultivate self-discipline and act courageously Value time as our most important commodity Nourish our relationships, and  live fully, one day at a time 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179929667	The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari (Hard Cover)	Robin Sharma	HardBound	10th ANNIVERSARY EDITIONThe # 1 International BestsellerWisdom to Create a Life of Passion, Purpose, and PeaceThis inspiring tale provides a step-by-step approach to living with greater courage, balance, abundance, and joy. A wonderfully crafted fable, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari tells the extraordinary story of Julian Mantle, a lawyer forced to confront the spiritual crisis of his out-of-balance life. On a life-changing odyssey to an ancient culture, he discovers powerful, wise, and practical lessons that teach us to: Develop joyful thoughts Follow our lifes mission and calling Cultivate self-discipline and act courageously Value time as our most important commodity Nourish our relationships, and  live fully, one day at a timeA Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams And Reaching Your Destiny	2009	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	SEL000000
8172246145	MegaLiving: 30 Days To A Perfect Life	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	We all have the potential for a Perfect Life  to achieve great things and live a life filled with joy, accomplishment and pure bliss. In some of us, this potential is slumbering deep inside, waiting to be tapped and tested. National Bestseller, Megaliving will quickly make things happen in every aspect of your life. With the finest strategies and techniques available to profoundly improve your mind, body and character. This book contains the revolutionary results of over ten years of research with the leading principles of personal mastery and successful living; and reveal to you the 200 master secrets for making your life a magical dream. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	172p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179928103	MegaLiving: 30 Days To A Perfect Life (Marathi)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In MarathiMahan Jivan Jaganyachi KalaYou deserve to have far more vitality, richness and joy in your life  and you can quickly have it. For over 10 years, author Robin Sharma studied the strategies of people who have achieved lasting personal, professional and spiritual success. From leading CEOs, elite athletes and wildly successful entrepreneurs in the West to learned philosophers and wise sages living high in the Himalayan Mountains of the East, he searched for peak performers who had created lives filled with prosperity, passion and peace. This extraordinary book reveals their secrets. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	256p	Marathi			1	SEL000000
8179922308	Family Wisdom	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Learn how to liberate the natural leadership potential of your child while creating a richer, more rewarding life for yourself in the process. Unlock the best talents and highest abilities of your child. Deepen the relationships between you and those you love. Inspire your children to be strong of character and wise of mind. Teach your kids how to dream big dreams and find true success. Bring balance back into your life and live with greater simplicity, joy and peace. Get back to what is most important in life and enjoy its gifts. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	SEL000000
8179922316	Leadership Wisdom	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	8 immensely practical lessons that leaders, managers and entrepreneurs can immediately apply to boost morale, liberate loyalty and send productivity soaring while also creating far more fulfilling personal lives. Written as an easy to read fable, this book will move you deeply and inspire you to become the kind of leader who touches lives, adds true value to the world and leaves a legacy that lasts. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179929933	Leadership Wisdom (Marathi)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In MarathiIn this eagerly awaited sequel to the phenomenal national bestseller The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari, leadership guru and renowned professional speaker Robin Sharma shares a remarkable step-by-step system that will restore trust, commitment and spirit within your organization while transforming the way you lead your life. With masterful insight and brilliant simplicity, author Sharma has distilled timeless wisdom for visionary leadership into 8 immensely practical lessons that leaders, managers and entrepreneurs can immediately apply to boost morale, liberate loyalty and send productivity soaring in these topsy-turvy times while also creating far more fulfilling personal lives. Written as an easy to read fable, Leadership Wisdom is a book that will move you deeply and inspire you to become the kind of leader who touches lives, adds true value to the world and leaves a legacy that lasts.	2003	Jaico Publishing House	272p	Marathi			1	SEL000000
8179922324	Who Will Cry When You Die?	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Do you feel that life is slipping by so fast that you might never get the chance to live with the meaning, happiness and joy you know you deserve? If so, then this very special book by leadership guru Robin S. Sharma, the author whose The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari series has transformed the lives of thousands, will be the guiding light that leads you to a brilliant new way of living. In this easy-to-read yet wisdom-rich manual, Robin S. Sharma offers 101 simple solutions to lifes most complex problems, ranging from a little-known method for beating stress and worry to a powerful way to enjoy the journey while you create a legacy that lasts. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179926949	Who Will Cry When You Die? (Marathi)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In MarathiDoes the gem of wisdom quoted above strike a chord deep within you? Do you feel that life is slipping by so fast that you might never get the chance to live with the meaning, happiness and joy you know you deserve? If so, then this very special book by leadership guru Robin Sharma, the author whose The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari series has transformed the lives of thousands, will be the guiding light that leads you to a brilliant new way of living. In this easy-to-read yet wisdom-rich manual, Robin Sharma offers 101 simple solutions to lifes most complex problems, ranging from a little-known method for beating stress and worry to a powerful way to enjoy the journey while you create a legacy that lasts. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	266p	Marathi			1	SEL000000
9788179928493	Who Will Cry When You Die? (Gujarati)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In GujaratiDoes the gem of wisdom quoted above strike a chord deep within you? Do you feel that life is slipping by so fast that you might never get the chance to live with the meaning, happiness and joy you know you deserve? If so, then this very special book by leadership guru Robin Sharma, the author whose The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari series has transformed the lives of thousands, will be the guiding light that leads you to a brilliant new way of living. In this easy-to-read yet wisdom-rich manual, Robin Sharma offers 101 simple solutions to lifes most complex problems, ranging from a little-known method for beating stress and worry to a powerful way to enjoy the journey while you create a legacy that lasts. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	236p	Gujarati			1	SEL000000
9788179928554	Who Will Cry When You Die? (Telugu)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In TeluguDoes the gem of wisdom quoted above strike a chord deep within you? Do you feel that life is slipping by so fast that you might never get the chance to live with the meaning, happiness and joy you know you deserve? If so, then this very special book by leadership guru Robin Sharma, the author whose The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari series has transformed the lives of thousands, will be the guiding light that leads you to a brilliant new way of living. In this easy-to-read yet wisdom-rich manual, Robin Sharma offers 101 simple solutions to lifes most complex problems, ranging from a little-known method for beating stress and worry to a powerful way to enjoy the journey while you create a legacy that lasts. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	240p	Telugu			1	SEL000000
9788179929780	Who Will Cry When You Die? (Tamil)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In TamilDoes the gem of wisdom quoted above strike a chord deep within you? Do you feel that life is slipping by so fast that you might never get the chance to live with the meaning, happiness and joy you know you deserve? If so, then this very special book by leadership guru Robin Sharma, the author whose The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari series has transformed the lives of thousands, will be the guiding light that leads you to a brilliant new way of living. In this easy-to-read yet wisdom-rich manual, Robin Sharma offers 101 simple solutions to lifes most complex problems, ranging from a little-known method for beating stress and worry to a powerful way to enjoy the journey while you create a legacy that lasts. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	308p	Tamil			1	SEL000000
8179923274	Discover Your Destiny	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	THE 7 STAGES OF SELF-AWAKENINGLike the other bestselling books that fueled the worldwide Monk Who Sold His Ferrari phenomenon, Discover Your Destiny is written as a rich and rewarding fable. Readers are introduced to Dar Sanderson, a highly ambitious executive who appears to have it all on the outside but lacks happiness, meaning and inner peace.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	SEL000000
8179925765	The Greatness Guide	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	The Greatness Guide is a strikingly powerful and enormously practical handbook that will inspire you to get to world class in both your personal and professional life. Written by Robin Sharma, one of the planets top success coaches and a man whose ideas have been embraced by celebrity CEOs, leading entrepreneurs, rock stars and royalty, as well as by many FORTUNE 500 companies, The Greatness Guide contains a proven formula that will help you meet your highest potential and live an extraordinary life. Discover:  the personal practices of spectacularly successful people potent ideas to get your organization to greatness specific strategies to turn setbacks into opportunities  revolutionary tactics for peak performance how to attract true wealth along with real happiness breakthrough ideas to generate excellent health and an energy explosion  tools for work-life balance and ways to experience a lot more fun 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179926963	The Greatness Guide (Marathi)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In MarathiThe Greatness Guide is a strikingly powerful and enormously practical handbook that will inspire you to get to world class in both your personal and professional life. Written by Robin Sharma, one of the planets top success coaches and a man whose ideas have been embraced by celebrity CEOs, leading entrepreneurs, rock stars and royalty, as well as by many FORTUNE 500 companies, The Greatness Guide contains a proven formula that will help you meet your highest potential and live an extraordinary life. Discover:  the personal practices of spectacularly successful people potent ideas to get your organization to greatness specific strategies to turn setbacks into opportunities  revolutionary tactics for peak performance how to attract true wealth along with real happiness breakthrough ideas to generate excellent health and an energy explosion  tools for work-life balance and ways to experience a lot more fun 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	304p	Marathi			1	SEL000000
9788179927304	The Greatness Guide (Tamil)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In TamilThe Greatness Guide is a strikingly powerful and enormously practical handbook that will inspire you to get to world class in both your personal and professional life. Written by Robin Sharma, one of the planets top success coaches and a man whose ideas have been embraced by celebrity CEOs, leading entrepreneurs, rock stars and royalty, as well as by many FORTUNE 500 companies, The Greatness Guide contains a proven formula that will help you meet your highest potential and live an extraordinary life. Discover:  the personal practices of spectacularly successful people potent ideas to get your organization to greatness specific strategies to turn setbacks into opportunities  revolutionary tactics for peak performance how to attract true wealth along with real happiness breakthrough ideas to generate excellent health and an energy explosion  tools for work-life balance and ways to experience a lot more fun 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	352p	Tamil			1	SEL000000
9788179928059	The Greatness Guide (Malayalam)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In MalayalamThe Greatness Guide is a strikingly powerful and enormously practical handbook that will inspire you to get to world class in both your personal and professional life. Written by Robin Sharma, one of the planets top success coaches and a man whose ideas have been embraced by celebrity CEOs, leading entrepreneurs, rock stars and royalty, as well as by many FORTUNE 500 companies, The Greatness Guide contains a proven formula that will help you meet your highest potential and live an extraordinary life. Discover:  the personal practices of spectacularly successful people potent ideas to get your organization to greatness specific strategies to turn setbacks into opportunities  revolutionary tactics for peak performance how to attract true wealth along with real happiness breakthrough ideas to generate excellent health and an energy explosion  tools for work-life balance and ways to experience a lot more fun 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	256p	Malayalam			1	SEL000000
9788179928059	The Greatness Guide (Kannada)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Now In KannadaThe Greatness Guide is a strikingly powerful and enormously practical handbook that will inspire you to get to world class in both your personal and professional life. Written by Robin Sharma, one of the planets top success coaches and a man whose ideas have been embraced by celebrity CEOs, leading entrepreneurs, rock stars and royalty, as well as by many FORTUNE 500 companies, The Greatness Guide contains a proven formula that will help you meet your highest potential and live an extraordinary life. Discover:  the personal practices of spectacularly successful people potent ideas to get your organization to greatness specific strategies to turn setbacks into opportunities  revolutionary tactics for peak performance how to attract true wealth along with real happiness breakthrough ideas to generate excellent health and an energy explosion  tools for work-life balance and ways to experience a lot more fun 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	256p	Kannada			1	SEL000000
9788179927946	Daily Inspiration	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	From The Monk Who Sold His FerrariEach page of this thoughtful book contains an unforgettable quotation from Robin Sharma. It provides the reader with a daily prescription of uplifting, practical wisdom for personal and professional success. Its a beautiful and timeless gift of wisdom, for a loved one or for yourself.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	408p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179928158	The Greatness Guide (With CD)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	This COLLECTORS EDITION Includes THE GREATNESS GUIDE AUDIOBOOK Read By The Author.Now You Can Gain The Wisdom And Lessons From The Book On The Move. The Greatness Guide is a strikingly powerful and enormously practical handbook that will inspire you to get to world class in both your personal and professional life. Written by Robin Sharma, one of the planets top success coaches and a man whose ideas have been embraced by celebrity CEOs, leading entrepreneurs, rock stars and royalty, as well as by many FORTUNE 500 companies, The Greatness Guide contains a proven formula that will help you meet your highest potential and live an extraordinary life. Discover:  the personal practices of spectacularly successful people potent ideas to get your organization to greatness specific strategies to turn setbacks into opportunities  revolutionary tactics for peak performance how to attract true wealth along with real happiness breakthrough ideas to generate excellent health and an energy explosion  tools for work-life balance and ways to experience a lot more fun	2008	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179928141	The Greatness Guide 2	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	101 WAYS TO REACH THE NEXT LEVELIn this highly anticipated sequel to the international bestseller The Greatness Guide, Robin Sharma shares the remarkable insights and tools that have made him one of the worlds most trusted advisers on leadership and personal success. Compelling, engaging and truly unforgettable.Within the pages of The Greatness Guide, Book 2, you will receive uncommon advice that will excite, energize and elevate you, including Be So Good They Cant Ignore You, Ask to Get, Fail Faster, Be a Cool Brand and Live an Intense Life.Part manifesto for excellence, part business mastery manual and part inspirational companion, The Greatness Guide, Book 2, distills Robin Sharmas latest thinking into 101 simple yet powerful lessons that will help you work brilliantly and live beautifully. Getting to world class begins with a single step. Start today.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	SEL000000
9788179929827	The Robin Sharma Pack	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	9 Volume SetNew Collectors Edition has all of Robin Sharmas bestselling titles in one pack. Includes FREE The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari audiobook read by the author.Volume 1 - The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari (With CD)Volume 2 - The Greatness GuideVolume 3 - Leadership WisdomVolume 4 - Who Will Cry When You Die?Volume 5 - MegaLiving: 30 Days To A Perfect LifeVolume 6 - Family WisdomVolume 7 - The Greatness Guide 2Volume 8 - Daily InspirationVolume 9 - Discover Your Destiny 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	9 Vol.	English			1	SEL000000
9788184950625	Who Will Cry When You Die? (With CD)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Collectors Edition includes Meditation For Elite Performers Audio CD read by the authorRobin Sharma offers 101 simple solutions to lifes most complex problems, ranging from a little-known method for beating stress and worry to a powerful way to enjoy the journey while you create a legacy that lasts.Robin Sharma has developed new meditations to help you play your biggest game as a human being. Practical, powerful and life-changing, Meditation CD will help you break free of your limitations and become the person you have always dreamed of being.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	SEL000000
9788184950632	Leadership Wisdom (With CD)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Collectors Edition includes Extraordinary Leadership Audio CD read by the authorIn this eagerly awaited sequel to the phenomenal national bestseller The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari, leadership guru and renowned professional speaker Robin Sharma shares a remarkable step-by-step system that will restore trust, commitment and spirit within your organization while transforming the way you lead your life.In a constantly changing, hyper-competitive world leadership is more important than ever. Yet few people have what it takes to inspire, develop and guide others. On this CD Robin shares the leadership lessons that he gives to such clients as Nike, Microsoft and NASA. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	SEL000000
9788184950649	Greatness Guide 2 (With CD)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Collectors Edition includes Manage your Time, Master your Life Audio CD read by the authorRobin Sharma shares the remarkable insights and tools that have made him one of the worlds most trusted advisers on leadership and personal success. Compelling, engaging and truly unforgettable, this powerful guide will help you get to world class at work and in life.In this idea-rich audio program, you will learn how the best performers in business manage their time. You will learn how to organize your life. It will give you big ideas to create world-class focus and powerful insights for personal mastery. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	SEL000000
9788184950656	Megaliving (With CD)	Robin Sharma	PaperBack	Collectors Edition includes How to Craft a World-Class Life Audio CD read by the authorFrom leading CEOs, elite athletes and wildly successful entrepreneurs in the West to learned philosophers and wise sages living high in the Himalayan Mountains of the East, Robin Sharma searched for peak performers who had created lives filled with prosperity, passion and peace. This CD is a inspirational yet enormously practical program on megaliving. Robin Sharma, one of the planets leading success coaches shows you to create a truly extraordinary life.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	172p	English			1	SEL000000
8179923444	The Street-Smart Parables	J.R. Sterling	PaperBack	Whether you are Chief Executive of a Fortune 500 company or a professional or a working mother or a Generation Next youngster, it is practical wisdom that ultimately sees you through all the ups and downs in both professional and personal lives.The Street-Smart Parables is a collection of fourteen entertaining and enlightening parables, each of which takes only a few minutes to read but the practical and commonsensical insights it offers will strike a responsive chord with everyone.Whether it is dealing with turbulence, living your dreams, making tradeoffs, being customer-centric or being resilient, this book will impact your thinking on all aspects! 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	144p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925455	7 Principles for Creating Your Future	James J. Semradek, Jr. & Michael P. Butler	PaperBack	7 Principles For Creating Your Future provides a pathway to a more productive, fulfilling life by showing you how to balance both a satisfying career and a meaningful personal life. Not only do these principles illustrate how to become a successful entrepreneur or intrapreneur, they also show you that the key to a dynamic career is a healthy balance between work and personal time.These 7 Principles will help you to: discover your strengths and dreams through self-examination choose a low risk, high value-added business to pursue cast a vision for your life lead a conservative lifestyle while leveraging your time and money for good integrate work with family into a harmonious balance adhere to your values and ethics in your business regularly measure your successThrough the application of these principles, you will discover how to create your dream life, enriched with purpose, meaning, and personal satisfaction. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	142p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926508	The Road To Power	Barbara Berger	PaperBack	This is a book about power. Not the power of force or the power of wealth, but the power of the mind. This is a book about the ways in which you can take control of your life and create the life youve always wanted to live. Barbara Berger writes: Our thoughts and words are all-powerful. Through our thoughts and words, we create our lives. We are the only ones who have complete control over our thoughts and words because we are the only thinkers in our minds. This is why we are so powerful.But how do you claim your power? How do you really take control, and put these truths into action? Berger says its simple, almost too simple to be true. In this highly practical book, she gives us the tools and then guides us, step by step, into how we can change our lives by changing our thinking. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	198p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927991	Life Is Not Work, Work Is Not Life	Robert K. Johnston & J. Walker Smith	PaperBack	Find Balance in a 24-7 WorldThis book of bite-sized mini-essays quiets the frenzy that seems to have all of us working longer and enjoying life less. It reminds us that in order to support our strong work ethic  not to mention our performance  we need to refresh ourselves. This is the perfect book for those who work hard, yet are looking to find a balance between work and the rest of life.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929216	The World's Best Inspiring Stories	Dr. G. Francis Xavier	PaperBack	This is one of the many inspiring stories from the renowned Motivator Dr. G. Francis Xavier. Evidently, this harvest of stories has been gleaned from lands he visited and books he read. Xavier, who conducts full-house personal growth courses has brought out this compendium in an interactive form, making the reader give the answers at the end of the story which is a novel approach. Stories and examples are the best way to inspire, and this reasonably priced volume could be useful gifts for people. It is useful for preachers, speakers and teachers. The book appeals to readers of all ages except the morose and irredeemable negaholics (negative thinking addicts) and anti-reading teenagers. It has stories to inspire and promises uninterrupted chuckles till the end. There are also quotations on success.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	184p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179926857	Power, Passion And Purpose: 7 Steps To Energizing Your Life	Ann Nichols Roulac	PaperBack	Find out how to manage your energy for the highest levels of personal power.We all have the capacity to make choices that will lead us to greater happiness, health and harmony and a heightened state of awareness and insight. But most people dont understand how to manage personal energy in a way that makes these choices possible and protects them from the stressful conditions of their lives.Power, Passion & Purpose explores the role of energy and how energy practices combined with a clear life purpose are essential to dealing with the challenges of modern lifestyles.Power, Passion & Purpose will help you discover the source of your personal power for unlimited well-being and performance. It offers over two dozen user-friendly energy practices and a life-planning system called Manifest Your Desires that will produce immediate benefits in your life. Forthcoming	2007	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179926840	Aim For The Stars Reach The Moon	Conor Patterson	PaperBack	You can be your own life coach. This is a do-it-yourself handbook for anyone who is genuinely passionate about living a successful life. Using spiritual awareness as a starting point, it takes you on a journey through the emotions and mind, arriving at a life that is full of power, fulfilment and worldly achievement.When you know that you have everything you need already within you, then material success is easy. It becomes a game. This book guides you through the rules of that game and shows you ways of winning it.Succinctly and powerfully expressed, this is a manual for 21st century living. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	204p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927250	10 Strategies For Winning At Life: The Big Game	Scott MacMillan	PaperBack	Are you living the life you always dreamed of living? If you believe something vital is missing from your work, family, or spiritual life, you are not alone. Many of us were never taught how to build the strong personal foundation necessary for living life on our own terms. This training manual will teach you the ten strategies that anyone can develop to prepare for the big game of lifeand come out a winner. 10 Strategies For Winning At Life will show to you how to become aware, conscious, and ready for whatever challenges life throws your way. Its proactive personal development based on self-knowledge and critical thinking.10 Strategies For Winning At Life outlines an innovative ten-point system for achieving new and higher levels of self-discipline, personal integrity, satisfaction, and achievement. Follow the strategies in this guide, and you can develop the skills, attitudes, and character traits that result in a successful and fulfilling life.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	202p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927724	Everyday Miracles	Noelle Nelson	PaperBack	In Everyday Miracles, Dr. Noelle presents 101 vignettes that cut to the heart of common dilemmas and self-defeating behaviors. She offers distinctive, practical and encouraging ways to resolving problems, overcoming obstacles, and attaining the pinnacle of personal fulfillment. Through step-by-step action plans she shows us how to:  Speak up and transform I shouldnt have to ask into All I have to do is ask!  Stop playing the blame game...and break the Im Sorry syndrome Set limits without guilt...and redefine failure Give and receive with joy Take control of destiny Change  for realEach essay culminates with an illuminating quote from a notable, whether W. Somerset Maugham, Dr. Robert Schuller, Margaret Young, or Stevie Wonder. Everyday Miracles is an inspirational book with a difference: concrete tactics to help make personal miracles happen. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922693	52 Ways to Live Success	Jeanne Sharbuno	PaperBack	If you have 5 minutes...there is something here that will improve your current situation. You have 5 minutes dont you? Imagine what you can do with an hour!Let these 52 easily-understood, down-to-earth principles show you how to... Create and achieve success easier than youd ever believe....in all areas of your life! Discover how to be yourself in a world that wants you to be like everyone else. Balance work and home by mastering the joy of moseying.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	312p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925951	You Get One Shot At Life: Aim For Success	Aaron Lumpkin	PaperBack	Ready, Aim.....Live!Would you like for your life to be an exhilarating journey rather than a routine, boring experience? Do you want to have more of the passionate feelings that make us feel alive? Wouldnt you like to know that your life has meaning and significance? You Get One Shot At Life: Aim For Success is an invaluable resource for anyone who desires to live a more fulfilling and successful life.You will discover: The 7 basic principles of success The 8 great emotional dangers of life 15 ways to live a more meaningful life 20 ways to develop a winning edge Insights into making sense of ourselves and the worldEveryday is a new opportunity to find meaning, excitement, and success. What are you waiting for?	2006	Jaico Publishing House	202p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928530	Winners Wisdom to Succeed	Jim Stovall	PaperBack	By picking up this book, you have already taken a first step toward succeeding in life. But will you take the next step... and the next? Will today be the day you finally resolve to do something positive with your life  no matter what difficulties you face?The world is made up of all kinds of people in all sorts of circumstances. But ultimately, everyone falls into one of two categories: those who succeed and those who fail. Nobody sets out to fail. But often we dont really know what success means or how to achieve it personally. Now theres help. In this inspiring and uplifting book, Jim Stovall shares easy-to-read, easy-to-put-to-work nuggets of wisdom that he has learned by overcoming his own blindness and becoming one of Americas most accomplished entrepreneurs. Each persuasive chapter gives you a practical, and powerful insight that can help you successfully negotiate every situation in your life.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	188p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929537	The Power Of The Possible	Auriela McCarthy	PaperBack	Relationship expert Auriela McCarthys life-changing new book tells us We must lose the battle of being right to win the war of being happy. With compassion and rare clarity of insight, McCarthy tells the stories of ordinary people who have reached their breaking points: a woman married to an alcoholic who will not stop drinking, a mother facing an impossible choice, a woman dying of cancer seeking to forgive her cheating husband, a son who must open his heart to forgiveness. The people in these stories hit rock bottom before they learn to stop struggling  that they cant change other peoples behaviors, but only their own. This creates extraordinary changes in their lives. These are stories of human triumph, but their triumph is not of will, but of surrender. The Power of the Possible uses the ancient tradition of storytelling as a way to heal the pain of your heart and teach you how to make powerful changes in your own life. These stories will challenge your thinking, bring tears to your eyes, and astonish you with their unexpected endings. And they will change you in profound ways as you realize that each story is a story about you. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	276p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950281	101 Inspiring Stories	G. Francis Xavier	PaperBack	This is one of the many inspiring books from the renowned Motivator Dr. G. Francis Xavier. Evidently, this harvest of stories has been gleaned from lands he visited and books he read. Xavier, who conducts full-house personal growth courses has brought out this compendium in an interactive form, making the reader give the answers at the end of the story, which is a novel approach. Stories and examples are the best way to inspire, and this volume can be gifted to anyone. It is useful for preachers, speakers and teachers. The book appeals to readers of all ages except the morose and irredeemable negaholics (negative thinking addicts) and anti-reading teenagers. It has stories to inspire and promises uninterrupted chuckles till the end. There are also quotations on success.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	204p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921697	Mother Teresa	Glenna Hammer Moulthrop	PaperBack	The biggest ideas in life are often expressed in the fewest words. JAICO brings you the best in this series of Thoughts to Inspire & Celebrate. There are no long speeches or fancy tributes, but theres magic on these pages, and you wont have to search for it.A labour of love, this collection of quotations teaches us the true meaning of reaching out to those in need, especially the sick and the oppressed. In all her simplicity Mother Teresa, then and now, inspires us with these powerful teachings on love. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921719	Vivekananda	Gajanan Khergamker	PaperBack	The biggest ideas in life are often expressed in the fewest words. JAICO brings you the best in this series of Thoughts to Inspire & Celebrate. There are no long speeches or fancy tributes, but theres magic on these pages, and you wont have to search for it.Swami Vivekanand, earlier Narendra Dutta, was deeply influenced by the teachings of his guru, Sri Ramkrishna. As a youngster he was restless and even doubted the existence of God, till his master blessed him and eased the stirrings within his soul. He studied each religion and came to the conclusion that in essence they are all one. This book reveals his thoughts on a wide range of subjects. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921727	Ramkrishna	Gajanan Khergamker	PaperBack	The biggest ideas in life are often expressed in the fewest words. JAICO brings you the best in this series of Thoughts to Inspire & Celebrate. There are no long speeches or fancy tributes, but theres magic on these pages, and you wont have to search for it.The teachings of Sri Ramkrishna, the great mystic who is said to have possessed divine powers, has attracted and enlightened the masses. His followers inlcuded Narendra Dutta, who later became Swami Vivekananda. In this book we get a glimpse of Sri Ramkrishnas intense spirituality and pure simplicity. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921735	Kabir	Gajanan Khergamker	PaperBack	The biggest ideas in life are often expressed in the fewest words. JAICO brings you the best in this series of Thoughts to Inspire & Celebrate. There are no long speeches or fancy tributes, but theres magic on these pages, and you wont have to search for it.Kabir is described as one of the greatest poets of religion. He called himself the Son of Ram and Allah. In this book we get glimpses of his understanding of god, on the soul, on death, on trial, on temptation and life in general. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921743	Gandhi	Gajanan Khergamker	PaperBack	The biggest ideas in life are often expressed in the fewest words. JAICO brings you the best in this series of Thoughts to Inspire & Celebrate. There are no long speeches or fancy tributes, but theres magic on these pages, and you won't have to search for it.This collection of quotes by Mahatma Gandhi reveals his thoughts on truth, violence, satyagraha, freedom, suffering, death, poverty and a host of other subjects. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921751	Youth & Old Age	K.S. Bhargava	PaperBack	The biggest ideas in life are often expressed in the fewest words. JAICO brings you the best in this series of Thoughts to Inspire & Celebrate. There are no long speeches or fancy tributes, but theres magic on these pages, and you wont have to search for it.Theres an old adage that says: Act your age. You may be young or old, but age is all in the mind. This book of quotes on youth and old age will help you look at yourself differently and also change your attitude toward life. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922065	To your Success	:c: Dan Zadra	PaperBack	This collection of great quotations bursts with brilliant insights and encouraging messages from some of the worlds most accomplished and creative people. May each thought in this book become a source of inspiration and joy for you. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922073	The Joy of Friendship	:c: Dan Zadra	PaperBack	Some of the most cherished and appreciated messages to our friends are also the simplest. The quotations in this book remind us that the need for friendship may be universal but the bond between friends remains one-of-a-kind. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922081	Brilliance	:c: Dan Zadra with Susan Carlson	PaperBack	Brilliance may be difficult to describe, but we all know it when we see it. This little book contains a treasury of wise and wonderful quotations from women who have survived and prevailed against all odds. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922103	I Believe In You	:c: Dan Zadra	PaperBack	There are times when doubts and fears often bind us and keep us from reaching our goals. I Believe in You is an expression of faith and confidence it can be used to tell someone that youre proud of them and you believe in them. Use this book or better still gift it to your loved ones to set yourselves free. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922111	The Joy of Marriage	Monica & Bill	PaperBack	The biggest ideas in life are often expressed in the fewest words. JAICO brings you the best in this series of Thoughts to Inspire & Celebrate. There are no long speeches or fancy tributes, but theres magic on these pages, and you wont have to search for it.The joy of marriage is an ageless treasure shared by a man and woman. This book is full of delightful ways to make sure the happiness of marriage stays alive long after the wedding day. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922251	Reach for the Stars	:c: Dan Zadra	PaperBack	The biggest ideas in life are often expressed in the fewest words. JAICO brings you the best in this series of Thoughts to Inspire & Celebrate. There are no long speeches or fancy tributes, but theres magic on these pages, and you wont have to search for it.Its not who we are that holds us back, its who we think were not. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922294	Together We Can	:c: Dan Zadra	PaperBack	The biggest ideas in life are often expressed in the fewest words. JAICO brings you the best in this series of Thoughts to Inspire & Celebrate. There are no long speeches or fancy tributes, but theres magic on these pages, and you wont have to search for it.The quotations in these pages celebrate the tradition and power of bold thinking, collaboration and diversity. History proves that none of us can be the best at everything. But when all of us combine our strength, we can and will be the best at virtually anything.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922650	A Call to Excellence	Moawad	PaperBack	The biggest ideas in life are often expressed in the fewest words. JAICO brings you the best in this series of Thoughts to Inspire & Celebrate. There are no long speeches or fancy tributes, but theres magic on these pages, and you wont have to search for it.This is a book for people who care  and care a lot  about the quality of their work and the achievement of their dreams. Its about knowing why and where you want to go  and being willing to do whatever it takes to get you there. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922669	Thank You	:c: Dan Zadra	PaperBack	The biggest ideas in life are often expressed in the fewest words. JAICO brings you the best in this series of Thoughts to Inspire & Celebrate. There are no long speeches or fancy tributes, but theres magic on these pages, and you wont have to search for it.Some people just have a way of giving us a much-needed lift. They make our lives brighter or our hearts lighter  but we dont always get the chance to tell them how we feel. Sometimes words fail us and were not quite sure what to say, but heres a start. From the heart Thank You!	2004	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923231	Power Quotes	Daniel B. Baker	PaperBack	With over 4,000 quotable quips from politicians and poets, CEOs and Comedians, youre sure to find something appropriate to your topic right here in . . .From the Ancients to the PresidentThe men and women whose words come to life on these pages speak from the past and the present. Review what Plato and Aristotle had to say about Democracy or what Saddam Hussein and George Bush said on the brink of war. These succinct phrases stay with us  motivating, amusing, arousing, and provoking.Get your hands on the right words quicklyThe quotes are categorized under 50 themes such as economics, public opinion, and taxes  and then arranged chronologically. The author index gives a brief bio of the speaker so youll get a feel for the person behind the words. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	408p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928851	Great Quotes From Great Women	:c: Peggy Anderson	PaperBack	Women of all ages will appreciate and relish the thoughts, words, and advice offered in Great Quotes From Great Women. Some of the most recognizable and revolutionary women  from Eleanor Roosevelt, Mother Teresa and Rosa Parks to Harriet Tubman, Katherine Hepburn, and Gloria Steinem  have influenced millions. Perfect for any woman, this delightful book, with black and white illustrations and short biographical sketches brings their statements to life. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	132p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928868	Great Quotes From Great Leaders	:c: Peggy Anderson	PaperBack	From George Washington to Martin Luther King, Jr., to Margaret Thatcher, Great Quotes from Great Leaders offers the insights and wisdom of the worlds most inspirational and dynamic leaders. You will not only be uplifted by the quotes and intrigued by the biographical sketches provided, you will be moved to share these thoughts with colleagues. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	148p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928875	1001 Great Quotes From Great Minds	Thomas J. Vilord	PaperBack	This is a compilation of quotes from some of the greatest motivators and businessmen and businesswomen of our time. This is for anyone who wants the motivation and inspiration to achieve the dreams they may have, whether its to become a better parent, a more successful businessman or businesswoman, or becoming a better student. Whatever it may be, we all have the ability to take control of our lives, and the book is filled with 1001 of the most inspirational messages to give you the energy and motivation to take action and achieve all that you are capable of achieving. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	284p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244266	Art of Developing Personal Power	William W. Hewitt	PaperBack	Art of Developing Personal Power' shows you how to unlock and unleash an amazing force inside you by talking out loud in a special way to program your mind for success. The book presents 20 specific everyday situations  job interviews, arguments with your spouse, blocked creativity and gives explicit instructions on how to successfully deal with them through the effective art of self-talk. It also provides instructions on devising your own successful scenarios for unique situations. 	1995	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248903	Unlock Your Potential	Dr. Peter Marshall	PaperBack	If you really want to Unlock Your Potential and become master of your own life, you will need to remove barriers t osuccess: your own narrow expectations, and those imposed by others. This book will introduce you to techniques for overcoming the limiting effects of the past: conditioning, misguided or obsolete teaching and repressed conflicts. You will learn how to develop your creativity, improve your ability to solve problems and manage your social contacts to facilitate success. Dr. Marshall is a member of the Applied Psychology Research Group of the University of London and specialises in mind and memory development. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	120p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245874	Maximum Confidence	Jerry Minchinton	PaperBack	Maximum Self-Confidence is a handy, practical guide to increasing your feelings of self-worth. It makes good self-confidence accessible to everyone. Inside you will find: Clear, easy - to - understand language helpful, effective methods and techniques realistic information and advice powerful affirmations and exercises self-scoring tests to measure your progress.This book is for people who want to take control of their lives and reach their highest potential. Maximum Self-Confidence shows you how to get rid of the causes of inadequate self-confidence - not just the symptoms.	1997	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920291	365 Steps To Self Confidence	David Lawrence Preston	PaperBack	This book has been written for everyone - young and old, men, women, students, educators, business people, administrators, parents, homemakers, sports enthusiasts, entertainers - yes, and you! It has been carefully structured into 52 sections, covering the following areas:~ Deciding to be confident~ Self-Awareness~ Thinking confidently~ Using your imagination to improve self-image~ Acting with confidence~ Confident communication. Each section contains information, insights and words of inspiration, plus seven exercises, practical hints or points to ponder. That's one a day - not too taxing. is it? 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922510	Become The Person You Want To Be	Steve Chandler	PaperBack	Think of Elvis Presley, and how he didnt just sing the song, he owned it, poured his spirit into it. Or Michael Jordan, not just playing basketball, but defining his inner self as he soars to the basket.Within each of us is an inspiration, a spark of insight about the person we were meant to be. Reinventing Yourself helps us to name that vision to call it ours and to begin to make it happen. We really can become the people weve always wanted to be. Steve Chandler tells us how. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925498	Personal Excellence	:e: Ken Shelton	PaperBack	This priceless collection of prize articles includes the most respected authorities on personal and professional development. From Michael Jordan to Mary Kay Ash to Pope John II, youll read about how youas well as every other personpossess the potential to achieve and improve the quality of your life, how facing yourself is always better than running from yourself, and how feeling free is so fundamental to human nature. This insightful and inspiring book will help you in five areas: preparation, performance, recovery, life values, and ongoing growth. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	190p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926311	The Assertive Woman	Stanlee phelps & Nancy Austin	PaperBack	The fourth edition of this classic bestseller, revised and updated, is an original and lively self-help resource, packed with tested exercises, step-by-step guides, and solid advice on how to express yourself with co-workers, authority figures, lovers, family, and friends.The Assertive Woman debunks the tired old myths and stereotypes of women bosses, stay-at-home moms, bully broads, and superwomen, and presents a refreshing, positive alternative.From breaking out of the Compassion Trap and countering manipulation, to nurturing a hardy spirit and reaching out to friends and lovers, The Assertive Woman delivers real answers and steadfast support to real women everywhere. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	250p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926559	Becoming The Complete Champion	Michael J. Herman	PaperBack	Becoming The Complete Champion is not for everyone. While the process of developing your championship style can be transformational for most, it is a gut-wrenching, pride-swallowing, day-to-day grind to achieve what all competitors want...Excellence!Have you got a minute to be great? This book is for those with an insatiable, unquenchable thirst for self-development on their own personal path to greatness. Its for the kind of person who sees a challenges and accepts it, no questions asked; the one who, no matter how high the mountain, how demanding the journey, how tough the discipline, goes for it anyway! 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	172p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929629	The Woman Of Power	James Lee Valentine	PaperBack	This book contains words that are intensely inspiring  they may hit you in the gut and knock your socks off! It is inevitable that women will have a strong positive reaction to this material. This can lead to a life of great fortune, success and happiness. Be warned: this positive philosophy works! 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	196p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929636	The Man Of Power	James Lee Valentine	PaperBack	This book contains words that are intensely inspiring  they may hit you in the gut and knock your socks off! It is inevitable that men will have a strong positive reaction to this material. This can lead to a life of great fortune, success and happiness. Be warned: this positive philosophy works! 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	196p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928028	A Winning Attitude	Rosie Hamilton-McGinty	PaperBack	With A Winning Attitude, you can:  motivate and guide yourself be in control of yourself, your appetite, your passion do right by others keep emotions under control open the way to empathy, to real listening, to taking another persons perspective. Empathy leads to caring and compassion.Take control of yourself and your life; take up a winning attitude. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	132p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921700	Life Is An Attitude 	Dottie Billington, Ph.D.	PaperBack	You Have the Power to Grow Forever BetterThe person you become next yearor ten years from nowis up to you! You can become the gloriously vital person you were meant to be. You can reach into every precious corner of your soul to liberate all your hidden potentialto radiantly blossom forth, fully yourself.This book guides you through that process, offering 46 inspiring ways to make the rest of your life the most dynamic and fulfilling of all. The author shares eye-opening secrets of the exceptionally vital, effective, ever-growing people she studiedattitudes and techniques you can adopt for yourself.Youll learn how to: Discover and live your passion Develop superb communication skills Create satisfying relationships and friendships Exercise your body, and your brain Deflate your problems by massaging them Cultivate a winning attitude, and much more!	2004	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926362	100 Thoughts That Lead To Happiness	Len Chetkin	PaperBack	Some people seem to be happy no matter what happens in their lives. Some people are sad and depressed, no matter how well off they are financially. Some people feel secure and peaceful, even though they may have none of the stuff other people have.Whats going on here? Whats the secret?It may be hard to believe, but happiness is only a thought away. Its really true. What happens within determines what happens without. To demonstrate how and why this is true, Len Chetkin gives us 100 thoughts, and accompanies them with 100 examples from his own life. These hundred thoughts can change the way you look at the world, which leads directly to happiness, because your own thoughts are the one thing in your life you can control. You cant control other people, or what they do. But you can control the way you think about it.In every way possible, who we are is the result of what we think. Heres how to understand how that really works. What Len Chetkin learned the hard way, you can learn the easy way, in this simple yet profound little book. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922413	Get Happy Now   	Jagmohan Bhanver	PaperBack	Get Happy Now leads you through a wondrous journey of self-realisation, and helps prepare you to be a happier person. It will equip you to better handle the trials of life, whether it is accepting yourself as you are or accepting others as they are, to the intricacies of relationships, managing pain... Let the magic that is YOU unfold... 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	228p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925064	Moving On	Stuart Perrin	PaperBack	What it Means to be HumanWhat it Takes to be Happy Moving On is a book of street-smart, yet soul-wise aphorisms for those of us seeking peace in the center of an ever-changing world. Author Stuart Perrin assures us that peace and happiness both lie at the heart of our craziest days, and that each of us can achieve clarity just when we need it most.There are countless events that occur in our everyday lives that make the world seem changed. Separation, divorce, job loss, illness, the death of a loved oneall of these are personal situations in which we all need a little perspective and wisdom in order to move on. The perfect gift for anyone dealing with difficult life circumstances, Moving On offers thoughts both for staying in the now and grabbing the opportunities that lie hidden right in front of you. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244517	A Handbook of Etiquette	Moria Redmond	PaperBack	From a minefield of dos and don'ts, The Polite Approach shows how etiquette shapes the guidelines for our relationships with others. Moira Redmond unravels all the mystique so that you can follow a few straight forward rules and equip yourself with a code of behaviour that will fit you anywhere. The book covers all aspects of todays life ranging from a night out with friends to the most glamorous of dinner parties; from the grandest of occasions to how to behave if your parents get divorced  making this the most useful and practical handbook of etiquette available. 	1995	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241275	The Magic Power of Self Image Psychology	Dr. Maxwell Maltz	PaperBack	Are you depressed? Has your self-esteem hit an all time low? Do you wish to be calm, cool and collected at all times and turn your life into a blazing success story. Dr. Maltzs foolproof formula guarantees to change your life forever. He proves that self-esteem influences every thought and action and undertakes to build up your self-esteem through seven easy mental exercises that will cast out all your fears, anxieties and resentments, replacing them with pleasure and self-confidence. So invest your time and energy wisely. Let mind power magic work on you and watch it transform you totally. 	1993	Jaico Publishing House	244p	English			1	PSY000000
8172241070	Anger: How to Live With & Without It	Albert Ellis	PaperBack	Anger is one of the most damaging and fruitless of all human emotions. Everyone is beset by the problems of how to cope with it, how to live with it and how to understand it. Here is a solution to the problem of anger  a solution that years of clinical testing and research have proved effective. The breakthrough techniques of this book will enable you to challenge and eliminate anger that may obstruct your success and happiness without losing your assertiveness. Dr. Albert Ellis, a world famous psychologist provides you with step-by-step techniques to understand the root cause of your anger. 	1987	Jaico Publishing House	304p	English			1	PSY000000
8172249489	12 Steps To Overcome Anxiety: How To Master Your Panic	Denise F. Beckfield	PaperBack	Revised, Updated and Improved to reflect the latest techiques. # Find out why you developed panic attacks in the first place and why they come back# Learn the tried and true SRB method to STOP panic the moment it strikes.# Discover your personal triggers for panic and tackle them, one by one - the thoughts, the physical habits, even the emotional traps. So panic goes away and stays away.# Learn to stop limiting yourself and get your life back - for GOOD.NEW:# Updated and expanded First Aid for Panic.# Updates on the best mediations for panic.# Tips on better breathing for panic-free health and more. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	300p	English			1	PSY000000
8172249438	101 Strategies for staying Sane in a Crazy World	Arnold & Clifford Lazarus	PaperBack	Remarkable good and clear advice on how to handle many of the most common kinds of emotional and behavioral problesm. Includes many unusually sensible suggestions for refusing to unduly upset oneself in an often irrational world. # Does Hypnosis really work?# Is PMS all in your head?# Could your doctor be causing your illness?# What is an apology really worth?# What can you do to relieve stress?# What kind of therapy is best?# What's the best way to lose weight and keep it off? Answers these questions and a hundred more - in just a minute! 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	PSY000000
8179924254	Interpret Your Dreams	Dr. Elizabeth Scott 	PaperBack	Have you ever wondered why you dream of falling, or flying? Do you sometimes dream that you are naked in a public place? Do you suffer from nightmares, or perhaps dream of bizarre situations and encounters that are totally out of character? What do these dreams really mean?The only person truly qualified to interpret your own dreams is you. With Dr. Scotts help you can learn to read the symbolism and understand the significance of your own dreams with skill and accuracy. In Interpret Your Dreams she explains that dreams are a night-time reaction to what is happening to you by day, as well as to external and intrinsic stimuli. Using this knowledge, you can learn to respond effectively to the messages your body and mind are relaying through your dreams. You can eradicate anxiety dreams and nightmares, and you can gain peace of mind so as to function better in the daytime. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	PSY000000
8172248342	Secrets Of Self-Hypnosis	Dr. Bruce Goldberg	PaperBack	Secrets of Self Hypnosis' is a workbook which will remove any fears you may have about hypnosis. It teaches you how to apply this natural and intriguing techniques to yourself to increase your self-confidence, improve memory, cure insomnia, lose weight, remember your dreams, and overcome any negative tendencies. The book will train you to make your own self hypnosis tapes to facilitate your subconscious to help you accomplish your specific goal.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	144p	English			1	PSY000000
8172243138	Remembering Made Easy	Jacqueline Dineen	PaperBack	A good memory is the basis of efficiency and thankfully, everyone has the capacity for developing a better one. In this book the author explains many proven methods for turning a bad memory into a good one and tells us how to adapt them to individual needs in everyday situations. By using the techniques explained in this book, you will be transformed into an organized, clear-thinking and efficienct individual. A good memory is important, you can do a lot to improve it by reading this book.	1980	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927892	The Free Mind	Edward De Bono	PaperBack	Edward de Bono believes in freedom, but he poses the question: If you cannot see clearly, are you making a free choice? That question is at the heart of his new book. De Bono has devoted his life and career to getting his readersbusiness leaders, educators, and politicians among othersto understand that clarity of thinking is essential to a free society. It is not enough to simply be free from coercion. De Bono argues that there is no true freedom without the ability to see correctly the options we have. And, to see these options requires thinkingthinking of a kind that De Bono says is not the norm and which urgently needs to be emphasized and taught.The best short introduction to his work, The Free Mind uses anecdote to convey his ideas and provides numerous examples that illustrate his thesis: to be free means to understand the choices we make, and this understanding can only come through improving the way we think. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	106p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925161	Thinking About Thinking	K.R. Ravi	PaperBack	This book is about common errors in thinking that are evident in our day to day life. If we can identify the mistakes we make, it would be easier for us to avoid repeating the same mistakes again.One need not be very intelligent or highly successful to be a lateral thinker. Lateral thinking is a technique of thinking, which seeks changes in perception, concepts and ideas through the use of formal thinking tools  it is all in the mind. The key to a beautiful mind is creativity, imagination and empathy. A properly trained mind enables you to hone your skills, but a misguided mind can leave you confused and stranded. This book will enable you to : Discover opportunities and solve problems with increasingly innovative insights. Sell new ideas with effectiveness Implement the ideas you have just developed. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928899	You Only Think Twice	K.R. Ravi	PaperBack	This book is the outcome of the authors work experience in the public and private sectors in India and on the research he has done on thinking and decision making. Gently and humorously it seeks to guide the reader to think better before he or she makes decisions. Full of anecdotes drawn from his workshops all over the country and from discussions with successful and not so successful decision makers this book aims to stimulate introspection in the executive class and among MBA students. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	204p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244673	The Right Way to Improve Your Memory	Geoffrey Budworth	PaperBack	A good memory is NOT a gift. It is a reward. Use it the right way and it will amply repay you. Geoffrey Budworths book will teach you how mighty your memory really is. With six simple principles, it enlarges your learning power, helps you to remember names, make mental notes, make exam learning easier and harness your subconscious mind thus improving your concentration. Learn how to memorize the right way and gain the rich rewards that lie for those who have an outstanding memory. 	1995	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244533	Use Your Brain	John R. Bews	PaperBack	This book analyses the thinking process in a structured and logical form. It identifies pitfalls and causes of mental blockage and defines a number of techniques to improve thinking performance. This book is a key to success, problems solving and the development of new ideas.	1995	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926192	Master The Mind Monkey	Anand Patkar	PaperBack	Master The Mind Monkey: Experience Your Excellence gently guides you into deeper and deeper levels of understanding of the mind and the tricks it plays. It exposes the deepest truth in a manner that makes it very practical and applicable in ones professional and personal life. The direct and lucid conversational style facilitates you to reach the Ultimate Understanding. The flow is pleasantly smooth, the words are endearingly down-to-earth and the sentences are refreshingly simple and shorn of clichs. The book is full of lovely examples and humourous anecdotes that you can easily relate to. It is appreciative and empowering, yet at the same time, compassionately ruthless with falsehood, mental laziness, blame and a lack of commitment.It is an impactful transformational experience that can serve as the bridge between the roots of Understanding and the fruits of tangible results.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	290p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928660	Mental Strength	Iain Abernethy	PaperBack	Fear, self-doubt, lack of confidence, or simply being overawed by the tasks ahead can make many people shrink back from realising their true potential. Feeling unable to progress, they retreat to the smothering comfort of the familiar and the everyday. This book explains how to develop a mind strong enough to push past all obstacles so that nothing will be able to stand between you and your goals.This inspiring book details how you can develop your mental strength and face up to daunting situations in a way that makes all negative thoughts, and all obstacles encountered, into a positive force that will make you stronger, develop your skills and abilities, and propel you towards the goals you have set for yourself.Mental Strength gives clear, encouraging guidance on how to develop a strong and powerful mind, grow your talents, become the person you want to be, and live the life you want to live. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924076	Vedic Mathematics Made Easy	Dhaval Bathia	PaperBack	A Simplified Approach For Beginners Can you multiply 231072 by 110649 and get the answer in just a single line? Can you find the cube root of 262144 or 704969 in two seconds? Can you predict the birth-date of a person without him telling you? Can you predict how much money a person has without him telling you? Can you check the final answer without solving the question? Or, in a special case, get the final answer without looking at the question? Can you solve squares, square roots, cube-roots and other problems mentally?All this and a lot more is possible with the techniques of Vedic Mathematics described in this book. The techniques are useful for students, professionals and businessmen. The techniques of Vedic Mathematics have helped millions of students all over the world get rid of their fear of numbers and improve their scores in quantitative subjects. Primary and secondary school students have found the Vedic mathematics approach very exciting. Those giving competitive exams like MBA, MCA, CET, UPSC, GRE, GMAT etc. have asserted that Vedic Mathematics has helped them crack the entrance tests of these exams. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921336	How To Top Exams & Enjoy Studies	Dhaval Bathia	PaperBack	In todays intensely competitive world, teachers and employers use students and job applicants exam scores as strong indicators of their future potential. By mastering the study techniques in this book, you can tap into your hidden resources for maximum performance and increased learning power.This book contains effective tips and techniques to help you enhance your academic scores such as:  Vedic Math  Concentration tips  Time Management Techniques  Biorhythm awareness  Frequent Revision Technique (FRT)  Speed Reading  Tapping into your Subconscious Powers The scientific systems mentioned in this book create a paradigm shift from hard work to smart work. The whole emphasis is laid on the fact that education is a process to be enjoyed and cherished.A blend of western sciences and traditional Indian approach, the book promises success to students from all walks of life appearing for school, college and other competitive exams. A must for every student. Translated Into Spanish	2003	Jaico Publishing House	148p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928035	De-stress For Exams	Stewart Ferris	PaperBack	You may have 101 textbooks about your chosen subject, but this is the only one youll ever need on how to de-stress for your exams. Coping with stress while taking exams can be more testing than the papers themselves. De-Stress For Exams will ensure you enter that exam hall with a clear head and a calm attitude  essential for tackling tests with the best possible chance of success.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	132p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241534	Speed Reading	Geoffrey A. Dudley	PaperBack	If you can double your reading speed without loss of comprehension, you will save half your reading time; you could read twice the number of newspapers, magazines and books you now read for professional and cultural advancement. Rapid reading is a high speed way to increase your learning power. It is the answer to todays pressing problem of doing more work in less time. The book sets out a self instruction method by which you can double your reading speed, improve your understanding, pass examinations, broaden your mental horizon and make for greater efficiency. 	1980	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246749	Pass Exams Without Anxiety	David Acres	PaperBack	Exams without anxiety! Impossible, Isnt it? Anxiety is a natural human reaction to worry at times during exams. It is also natural to express an emotional reaction to the ups and down of tackling tasks; angry or frustrated at one time and exhilarated at another. The ideas in this book are intended to help you avoid becoming locked into a state of anxiety, where your interaction with exams, tests and course deadlines result in an unhelpful stress reaction in you. This popular and well reviewed book is the first choice for candidates taking examinations at any level, reflects the latest changes in examination and assessment methods. 	1998	Jaico Publishing House	168p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248075	Study Smarter, Not Harder	Kevin Paul	PaperBack	Study Smarter Not Harder' is a book that will help you become the confident superlearner you have always wanted to be. It provides seven basic elements of study skills that will make you tap your hidden potential for maximum performance and increased learning power. This positive guide is ideal for everyone - whether you are a student, a business person, aiming for higher career or a new learner. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	232p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923576	The Power of Vedic Maths	Atul Gupta	PaperBack	Vedic mathematics is gaining widespread popularity among the student community as well as maths lovers. The absence of a book, explaining the techniques in a simple language, has been felt acutely for a long time. This book has been written using a step-by-step approach, and attempts to fill the existing void. It includes several solved problems in addition to 1000 practice problems with answers. It also includes a special chapter which shows the application of the techniques to problems set in competitive exams like CAT, CET etc. People from all walks of life including school and college students, teachers, parents and also those from non-mathematical areas of study will discover the joys of solving mathematical problems using the wonderful set of techniques called Vedic Maths. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922383	What Employers Want But Business Schools Dont Teach	Yasmin DSouza & Amitabh Singh, :c: John Maxwell	PaperBack	 Are you trying to reach your goal and still not going anywhere?  Are you trying to cope with difficult workmates? Are you having problems managing your time and priorities?  Do you feel like your life is being run for you rather than you running it for yourself?What Employers Want But Business Schools Dont Teach will take you down the path of self-understanding and guide you to apply your knowledge and intellect, gain self-confidence, enhance your communication skills and manage stress. The book also addresses a variety of issues that are encountered at the workplace, issues that are not usually discussed, but have to be dealt with.This is a fast-paced book, offering you a road map for improvement and success. Written in an easy to read, free-flowing style, it is a handy book to refer to when in doubt. Translated Into Spanish 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925587	Everybody Wants A Hit	Derek Bose	PaperBack	This book is directed at all those who take to Bollywood as a modern-day El Dorado  movie hopefuls, aspiring filmmakers, wannabe stars, serious investors in cinema and anybody remotely curious about the myth and magic of Hindi cinema. While deconstructing some of the myths, the book seeks to answer the most common and fundamental question:Is there a secret formula to a Bollywood hit? Through simple, easy to follow examples, the reader is introduced to ten basic principles, which eliminate all chances of failure and contribute to the making of a hit. These are listed as the Ten Mantras of Success. In essence, the book establishes that success in Bollywood is not a matter of chance or blind luck, but the reward for following a methodical and deliberated approach to cinema, backed by sound scientific reasoning and historically irrefutable facts. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927083	Seeds Of Success	Jack Myrick	PaperBack	We all desire to be successful at our jobs. The problem is, there seems to be a set of unwritten rules that successful people know and others dont. Now these mysterious rules are revealed. Seeds Of Success is a life-changing story that delivers the five simple principles one needs to put to use in order to excel on the job. This entertaining parable is set in beautiful Natchez, Mississippi during the Great Depression of the 1930s. It teaches the reader how to plant the seeds of on-the-job-success in their own lives.The reader will learn how to:  Open doors of opportunity  Become more effective at work Gain others respect Maximize your potential Earn promotions Enjoy your job more 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	112p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925056	Daily Meditations For Expectant Mothers	Ellen Sue Stern	PaperBack	A Companion for the Journey of PregnancyFrom the moment of conception, an expectant mother begins a life-changing journey. The 40 weeks of daily reflections in this book  complete with words of wisdom and encouragement from such varied sources as Emily Dickinson, Benjamin Spock, Anna Quindlen, and Dorothy Parker  illuminate the expectant mothers path and help her celebrate all the miracles along the way. Reflections for Expectant Mothers confronts the many issues that surround the mystery of birth, including handling pain and fear, dealing with well-meaning meddlers, and adapting to a changing body and personal relationships. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925048	365 Meditations For New Mothers	Ellen Sue Stern	PaperBack	A New Life Together: One Day at a TimeEach day of a marriage holds the promise of growth, discovery, and love. The daily reflections in this book nurture a couple through the ups, downs, and in-betweens along the journey of love.Designed for newlyweds to read together, this book will open lines of fruitful communication and help build a strong relationship that will last for many years.This insightful guide pairs empowering affirmations with wise and witty quotes from such varied sources as Indira Gandhi, Cher, Anais Nin, Mother Teresa, Melody Beattie, Woody Allen, and D. H. Lawrence, and it speaks to the issues that test a couples love - including passion, self-esteem, commitment, anger, and trust.With words of encouragement for every day of a couples first year, this book will again and again offer direction, support, and inspiration from the heart. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	368p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928646	12 Lies Wives Tell their Husbands	Tim & Sheila Riter	PaperBack	The perfect book for every wife whos ever uttered the words, Nothings wrong. Im just FINE.Why is it that wives sometimes take a roundabout path when communicating with their husbands? The truth can take a backseat, get twisted, and even get turned totally inside out. Each lie keeps wives from experiencing true intimacy with their husbands. In this insightful, breakthrough book, Tim and Sheila Riter shed light on the twelve most common lies wives tell their husbands, and reveal what women are really trying to say  as well as what they yearn to hear. Wives will be relieved to discover just how common their communication experiences are. Though written for women, men will benefit from a guide to just whats going on in their wives hearts and minds. Let the honest communication begin! 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928653	12 Lies Husbands Tell their Wives	Tim & Sheila Riter	PaperBack	The perfect book for every husband whos ever uttered the words, Im Sorry, I wont do that again.Marriages can thrive only where theres real intimacy. So why is it that husbands sometimes feel compelled to misstate, shade, or just flat-out lie to their wives? In this breakthrough book for men, Tim and Sheila Riter tackle the twelve most common lies that husbands tell their wives and reveal what husbands wish they could really say. Husbands will be relieved to find authors who understand and relate to their experiences; and wives, no doubt, will find it fascinating to learn whats really going on in their husbands hearts and minds. Let the honest communication begin! 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929322	125 Ways to Meet the Love of Your Life	Dr. Jan Yager	PaperBack	With sound advice on how to keepyour relationship strong and happy In this book you will find out how to have a more productive search safety tips for during your search how to get ready for your search 125 annotated ways to meet the love of your life grouped into 9 categories covering introductions by friends and family, at work, cybermatching, dating services, online dating, trips, musical chair dating, singles clubs, parties, and lots more inspiring examples throughout the book of how we met 110 questions to consider related to compatibility 8 ways to cope with rejection once you find the one, how to remain a joyful couple an extensive appendix of resources 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	196p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928639	Everybody Wins	Gary Chapman	PaperBack	CONFLICT IS INEVITABLE.ARGUING IS A CHOICE.Every couple has disagreements. Unfortunately, when couples argue, the goal is not to resolve the conflict at hand but rather to win the fight. When one of you wins, the other loses  and nobody wants to be or live with a loser.Trusted relationship expert Dr. Gary Chapman provides a simple blueprint to help you and your spouse achieve win-win solutions to everyday conflicts and disagreements that will put an end to arguing once and for all and leave both of you feeling loved, listened to, and appreciated. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	132p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950465	10 Secrets of a Great Marriage	Gerard Leeds, Lilo Leeds, Terrence Real & Susan Seliger	PaperBack	10 Secrets of a Great Marriage is organized in 10 easy-to-follow chapters that highlight the essential elements of a happy and lasting marriage. Topics covered include how to be the right partner, how to date with purpose, how to juggle a growing family and how to deal with the Big Six  six non-negotiable and important issues including religion (to practice or not to), children (how many  if any  to have), money (how to save and how to spend) and even recreation (how to enjoy time together).10 Secrets of a Great Marriage is more than another trendy relationship book of the hour; its a book meant for all couples, from the newly married to those celebrating their golden anniversary and beyond. From happy couples who want to make their good relationship great to frustrated couples who need a completely fresh perspective. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	212p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241283	Kama Sutra Of Vatsyayana (Illustrated)	:t: Sir Richard Burton & F.F. Arbuthonot	PaperBack	Transform your lovemaking into erotic ecstasy with the secrets of the Kama Sutra  the most ancient, renowned and explicit guide to sexual pleasure.Sex is an integral and indispensable part of life. The Kama Sutra of Vatsyayana is a classic treatise on the science and art of sex and love. Written about 1600 years ago, this work has stood the test of centuries, and can best be summarized in the following words:So long as lips shall kiss, and eyes shall see So long lives This, and This gives life to Thee 	1989	Jaico Publishing House	244p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241135	Secrets of Sex	Kenneth Anderson	PaperBack	Time Bestseller 'Secrets of Sex' unravels the mysteries of sex. The author, Kenneth Anderson handles this subject with great poise, noble motives and frankness. He brushes aside the taboo on sex secrets and put into the hands of the reader the cause of sexual bliss. The physiology of sexual stimulation is calculated to hold the reader spellbound. He writes with a sense of humour and a deep psychological insight, providing methods and instructions that are easy to follow and bound to produce results.	1988	Jaico Publishing House	238p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241623	Expert Lovemaking	Usha Sarup	PaperBack	This book tells you how to become the Prince Charming or Dream Girl in your lovers life. Sex Appeal as the author will tell you is not the be all and end all of attraction. Affection for your partner and techniques all come into play when one seeks to be a successful lover. With ample tips and hints this book will give you expert advice in the art and science of love making. It includes sixteen pages of illustrations.	1987	Jaico Publishing House	124p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240414	Masters & Johnson on Sex & Human Loving	Masters & Johnson	PaperBack	The internationally acclaimed sex researchers William H. Masters, Virginia E. Johnson and Robert C. Kolodny produce here for the first time a comprehensive, warm and highly readable survey of their findings. The remarkable range of complexities  biological, psychological and social, make up human sexuality. And best of all, the authors describe how to use this information to heighten the quality of your intimate relations. They explore current research on the nature of love, the meaning of sexual fantasies and common problems people having in attaining and maintaining sexual intimacy. 	1988	Jaico Publishing House	608p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240813	Tantra: The Secret Power of Sex	Arvind & Shanta Kale	PaperBack	India went through the sexual revolution centuries before the rest of the world even dreamt of it. Tantra, the sophisticated technique enabled ancient Indians to use it to attain contentment, peace, aesthetic pleasures and to make life altogether richer for its practitioners. Arvind and Shanta Kale for the first time describe for the modern world this ancient sexual practice. The use of Tantra conscientiously helps to attain sexual fulfillment on all levels. 	1976	Jaico Publishing House	228p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240732	Tantra: The Key to Sexual Powers	Ashley Thirleby	PaperBack	The ancient cult of Tantra teaches awareness, control, chanelling as the key elements of sexual pleasure. This book helps you to use these elements to know your body in a new way and get rid of your fears and inhibitions. It shows how Tantra is more than a sexual technique  that it is a path to personal power and fulfillment. 	1982	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923525	Fetal Attraction	Dr. Duru Shah With  Dr. Safala Shroff & Ivor Vaz	PaperBack	The Only Pregnancy Resource Youll Ever NeedThe childbirth experience in India is indisputably far removed from the childbirth experience anywhere else in the world. Consequently it is critical to address the needs, alleviate the concerns and assuage the fears that every Indian mother (and father)-to-be inexorably undergoes during the process of pregnancy and childbirth. Most guidebooks in book stores are by foreign authors, and more often than not it is not easy to correlate with the information therein. The need of the hour was an Indian book, by Indian experts, for expectant Indian parents!Written by two experienced gynaecologists, Dr. Duru Shah and Dr. Safala Shroff and Ivor Vaz, Fetal Attraction is a classic one-stop-resource to pregnancy, labour, and early childbirth. Youll find all the answers here to the most frequently asked questions before, during, and after pregnancy. Carefully styled to equip you with everything you need to know on the subject, this up-to-the-minute manual also takes into account the latest medical developments as well as changes in the modern womens attitudes and lifestyles. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	316p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925986	A Simple Guide To Having A Baby	Janet Whalley, Penny Simkin & Ann Keppler	PaperBack	A Simple Guide to Having A Baby is short, simple and easy to follow. It holds your hand and walks you through pregnancy and childbirth. It covers what you need to know about being pregnant, giving birth and taking care of your baby. It provides basic information and many pictures to help you learn about birth and babies. Using clear and simple words, it includes: Advice on what to do and what not to do during pregnancy Descriptions of easy exercises to help you stay healthy and feel better Information on what to expect during labor and birth Ways to deal with childbirth pain using coping skills and/or medicines Helpful hints on breastfeeding and being a parent	2006	Jaico Publishing House	284p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240635	Jaico Book of Baby Names	M.V. Kamath	PaperBack	Naming a child is an art by itself. The more culturally sophisticated the parents, the more fanciful would be the names they pick up for their children. Jaico Book of Baby Names is an exercise in getting down to names. It is the first book of its kind which provides the etymology of words and gives brief biographical sketches of individuals who bear distinguished names. Invaluable to every home where eternal problem of naming a new arrival arises. This book contains over five thousand names arranged alphabetically and phonetically.	1988	Jaico Publishing House	136p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929155	25,000+ Baby Names	Bruce Lansky	PaperBack	25,000+ BABY NAMES lets you scan the most contemporary girls and boys names to find the right name for your new baby. It includes the following features: Guidelines for naming your baby A list of the most popular boys and girls names Popular names from around the world Origins, meanings, famous namesakes, and interesting trivia A helpful cross-referencing system to lead you to related or similar names 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	380p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921573	Baby Care	:e: Paula Kelly	PaperBack	A step by Step Illustrated GuideRevised & UpdatedBabies Never Came with a Set of Instructions ... Until Now!Easy to use This best-selling guide to baby care is now updated with all the latest medical facts to help guide you through babys first year. The new step-by-step illustrated instructions make it easy to find the information you are looking for.Thorough and up-to-date In addition to complete information on the basics of baby care, including bathing, diapering, and feeding your baby, this book offers brand-new information covering a full range of issues. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924297	Your Child in Film & Television 	Allison Cohee	PaperBack	Acting can be an adventure that both you and your child can enjoy!With a television in every living room and a movie theater in every town, the dream of becoming a television or movie star is a real possibility for the young actors of today. But as there are hundreds of talent agencies out there that are only after your money, you must be careful that you and your child are not exploited.Your Child in Film & Television is a practical how-to book on the movie and television industries that shows you how your child can become a successful actor on TV and in movies. By explaining the ins and outs of the business, this book will help you jumpstart your little actors career with tips on casting calls, auditioning, and callbacks.As you begin to navigate the confusing world of agents, contracts, studios, and production companies, the possibilities for success can be great, but so are the chances of getting ripped off. This book will help you understand your childs rights. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925005	Giving Your Child the Excellence Edge	Vicki Caruana	PaperBack	Giving Your Child the Excellence Edge identifies 10 essential traits that make achievement possible. Caruana clearly outlines how parents can model these qualities in everyday ways at home and encourage excellence in their children. This highly motivating, extremely practical book will show you that excellence is possible for both you and your child  starting today. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	188p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925404	The Kids Guide to Business	Jeff M. Brown	PaperBack	Welcome to the world of business for kids! Hundreds of Kids resumes have shown us kids are thinking about business and careers. The Kids Guide To Business prepares and launches kids into business. Join us in this business venture!We provide advice, encouragement, programming and opportunities for kids to take on responsibility and gain valuable experience. Our unique use of the lemonade stand business case relates a broad range of business topics to kids of all ages. An innovative kid-friendly approach engages kids, teachers and parents in business preparation for kids. Fun experiences are guaranteed as kids are given the job of creating fun in the development of their businesses.Beyond a book, this is a business investment for kids! This book purchase includes; www.KidsBusinessClub.com membership, www.KidsOnlineBusinessCamp.com camp session, a kids business registration in www.kids-marketplace.com, links to hundreds of pages of programming in www.TeachingKidsBusiness.com and online book updates and activities. Details are available at: www.TheKidsGuideToBusiness.com  Kids Business Rewards Program. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	140p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926389	Help Your Kids Get It Done Right at Home & School!	Donna M. Genett, Ph.D.	PaperBack	James and Jones, the identical twins from the internationally acclaimed If You Want It Done Right, You Dont Have to Do It Yourself! by Donna M. Genett, Ph.D., are back!This time James notices that Joness kids achieve more, have more free time and are happier than his and his wifes. James sets out to find out why and discovers the secret to helping children fulfill their potential for success and happiness.This charming parenting parable packs an immediately-applicable message that is guaranteed to drastically change the lives of parents and children for the better.A simple program that helps you build responsibility and self-esteem in your children 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	110p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249462	How To Understand Your Child	Lynn Weiss	PaperBack	Here is the first book that helps you interpret your childrens behavior by letting you know what they are thinkingDr. Lynn Weiss, a nationally recognized expert on child development, has created a unique new book for parents. It explains why babies, toddlers, and preschoolers behave the way they do: Why does your baby fuss, cry, and squirm when you try to hold him? Why does your toddler act self-centered? Why does your child misbehave? Why does your child constantly test the boundaries of parental control?	2001	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928202	ABCs of Parenting	Gouri Dange	PaperBack	For the parent-child interaction, there are no textbooks, no written tests, no diplomas and degrees  only experience, lifes many demands, and finally the satisfaction of strong and loving bonds. ABCs of Parenting echoes many of the concerns of everyday parenting. The book offers suggestions, solutions, and most importantly, food for thought  for all those for whom being a parent or a godparent is a demanding, dynamic and hugely rewarding role. The book touches on various age groups, from toddler to teenager. Written by a family counsellor who is also a writer and editor, each topic provides key insights on a wide range of topics. Theres literally something for every letter of the alphabet: from A for Apologies to Z for Zombies. ABCs of Parenting holds many Universal Truths that are contained within us all but are often forgotten in the hurly-burly of everyday parenting. Devoid of jargon and judgements, the book is an enjoyable as well as illuminating read, cover to cover. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	136p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950601	Raising Positive Kids in a Negative World	Zig Ziglar	PaperBack	In Raising Positive Kids in a Negative World, Ziglar shows you how to help your children grow into men and women who are positive, productive, and able to make wise choices.With wisdom and practical advice gained from his years of experience as a father of four, Ziglar helps you see your own potential as a parent. He then opens your eyes to all the wonderful qualities your kids possess.As your children face the difficult situations of modern life, Ziglar offers you hope and help for getting through the tough spots and coming out on top with happy, well-adjusted kids who know they are loved. Its a tough world out there. Let Zig Ziglar help you and your kids survive it and thrive in it! 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179926802	Path To Happiness & Prosperity	Neale Donald Walsch	PaperBack	On Abundance And Right LivelihoodEssentially, God tells us in Conversations with God that most of us do not understand what abundance really is. We confuse it with money. Yet when we take stock of that in which we truly are abundant, and choose to share it freely with everyone whose life we touch, we find that what we thought was abundancemoneycomes to us freely.Even this chain of events, however, many of us cannot accept. For when we think of money, we imagine that it is an experience and an energy that stands outside of the reality of God. Yet there is nothing in the universe that stands outside of the reality of God, that is not a part of God. Once we understand that money is a part of what God is, our attitude about money changes. We see it as an extension of the glory of God, not the root of all evil. This can produce astonishing results. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	144p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179926901	Joy Of Relationships	Neale Donald Walsch	PaperBack	On Understanding Relationships with God, Self And OthersWe are all involved in relationships. Indeed, we are all in relationship with everything and everyone, all of the time. We have a relationship with ourselves, with our family, with our environment, with our work, with each other. Everything that we know and experience about ourselves, we understand within the context created by our relationships.For this reason, relationships are sacredall relationships. And somewhere within the deepest reaches of our heart and soul, we know it. That is why we yearn so for relationshipsand for relationships of meaning. It is also, no doubt, why we have such trouble with them. At some level, we must be very clear how much is at stake. Yet it is possible to have joyful relationships, and the extraordinary insights in the Conversations with God books show us how. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	104p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179926918	Inspirational Living	Neale Donald Walsch	PaperBack	On Achieving Physical, Mental & Spiritual WellbeingI have learned about life that when we live wholly, we live holy. I have been searching for ways to live my life as a whole person, as an integrated being, for 25 years. The first thing I came to understand was that, if I am to live an integrated life, I must become far more integrated with my environment. That is, I must become one with it, and treat it as if it were a part of me, not something from which I was separate, and which was separate from me.Holistic living means being aware that I am part of a whole system, a whole idea, a whole reality, and that everything I think, say, and do affects that realityindeed, at some level, creates it. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	112p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925722	A Guide To Conversations With God: Book 1	Neale Donald Walsch	PaperBack	If what you have been looking for is a way to go deeper into the material in Conversations with God, you will make the choice to not only read this book but also to answer the inquiries, do the exercises, undertake the assignments and conduct the experiments which fill its pages. In this way, you will join with Neale, who is seeking to make the concepts in Conversations with God come alive as part of your own life story. Yet you will do more than that. For if you choose to truly participate in transforming your own life, one by one you will shift the paradigm of the planet in the most profound way: through the thoughts, words, and deeds of each individual who walks upon and loves the Earth.With this extraordinary book, Neale Donald Walsch issues you a formal invitation ...to bring into existence a world in which more and more people have the opportunity to experience Gods presence and to understand the virtually unlimited opportunities of life on this planet. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928165	Conversations With God: Book 1 Guide and Audiobook	Neale Donald Walsch	PaperBack	Includes Conversations With God  Book I Audiobook read by the Author with Edward Asner & Ellen Burstyn If what you have been looking for is a way to go deeper into the material in Conversations With God, you will make the choice to not only read this book but also to answer the inquiries, do the exercises, undertake the assignments and conduct the experiments which fill its pages. In this way, you will join with Neale, who is seeking to make the concepts in Conversations With God come alive as part of your own life story. Yet you will do more than that. For if you choose to truly participate in transforming your own life, one by one you will shift the paradigm of the planet in the most profound way: through the thoughts, words, and deeds of each individual who walks upon and loves the Earth.With this extraordinary book, Neale Donald Walsch issues you a formal invitation ...to bring into existence a world in which more and more people have the opportunity to experience Gods presence and to understand the virtually unlimited opportunities of life on this planet. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928806	Happier Than God	Neale Donald Walsch	PaperBack	Come On Get Happy! Life was meant to be happy. Do you believe that? Its true. I know it doesnt seem like it when you look around, but its true. Life was meant to be happy.You were meant to be happy. And if you are happy, you were meant to be happier. Even if youre very happy, you can be even happier.How happy? Just how happy can you be? Well... you can be happier than God.Since the publication of his worldwide bestseller Conversations with God, Neale Donald Walsch has been telling readers that a new understanding of God can change their lives and change the world. Here is Walsch at his best with the message that not only can you be happy, but that you are meant to be happy now! 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928547	90 Minutes In Heaven	Don Piper with Cecil Murphey	PaperBack	Get A Glimpse of Heaven On the way home from a conference, Don Pipers car was crushed by a semi that crossed into his lane. Medical personnel said he died instantly. While his body lay lifeless inside the ruins of his car, Piper experienced the glories of heaven, awed by its beauty and music.Ninety minutes after the wreck, while a minister prayed for him, Piper miraculously returned to life on earth with only the memory of inexpressible heavenly bliss. His faith in God was severely tested as he faced an uncertain and grueling recovery. Now he shares his life-changing story with you.90 Minutes In Heaven offers a glimpse into a very real dimension of Gods reality. It encourages those recovering from serious injuries and those dealing with the loss of a loved one. The experience dramatically changed Pipers life, and it will change yours too.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	208p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950144	The Laws of Courage	Ryuho Okawa	PaperBack	Unleash your True Potential to Open a Path for the FutureIn a world of competition and conflict, it is easy to lose sight of who we really are and become overwhelmed by what happens around us. In The Laws of Courage, Ryuho Okawa presents a new perspective to discover a way to live your life with confidence and strength. From practical tips for forming long lasting friendships to universal solutions for hatred and suffering, this groundbreaking book can guide you to a new future for yourself and the world. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	168p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950748	The Conversations with God Companion: A Guide to Books 1, 2 & 3 (With CD)	Neale Donald Walsch	PaperBack	Collectors Edition includesCONVERSATIONS WITH GOD BOOKS 1, 2 & 3Audiobook read by the authorMillions have read Neale Donald Walschs Conversations With God series. Now read the companion book. Full of exercises, assignments, and study questions. The Conversations With God Companion will expand your understanding of God and strengthen your personal dialogue with him.Neale Donald Walsch brings help to individuals and groups to interactively experience the wisdom found in his Conversations With God trilogy. The companion guide explores core concepts of Walschs teachings and illustrates, in clear language, how to put them to work for you. Explore techniques that will lead to greater self-awareness. Examine your present circumstances. Create a blueprint for change. Awaken your spiritual life.Let The Conversations With God Companion be a trustworthy and caring guide on your spiritual journey. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	336p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928820	Essential Wisdom From A Spiritual Master	Sadhguru	PaperBack	There often comes a moment in peoples lives when full stops fall away. Question marks surface. And commas. Vast yawning commas. This is the point at which the individual becomes a seeker. This is a book for seekers. It encompasses the gamut of questions  restless, fevered, desperate  that have arisen in every seekers mind at some point or the other. Questions about fear, desire, suffering, commitment, free will, determinism, God, faith, love, morality, self-deception, doubt, karma, the spiritual path, the mind, the body, disease, healing, madness, death, dissolution. And more.The answers are by Sadhguru, a living master and profound mystic of our times. Unshakably anchored in inner experience, he remains unaffiliated to any organised religious, sectarian or ideological tradition. Forthright, witty, unconventional, provocative, but deeply compassionate, these answers were shared with close disciples over a period of ten years on various occasions.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	344p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928837	The Mystic Eye	Sadhguru	PaperBack	This is a book for the thirsty. And emphatically not a book for the faint-hearted. In a series of far-reaching exploratory conversations, Sadhguru  a living master and mystic of our times  touches on every conceivable question that a seeker might nurse about the realm of the mystical. Questions about enlightenment, liberation, death, God and the afterlife. Also those niggling but ostensibly trifling questions that so many wonder about, but are hesitant to ask: about spirits, disembodied beings, black magic, possession and the occult. And in a riveting culmination to the book, Sadhguru unfolds the story of his life mission, a saga of extraordinary commitment and courage that spans three lifetimes. The result is the Dhyanalinga, the dream of countless yogis down the centuries: a unique energy form which sows the seed of liberation in all who visit it.This is a book to treasure. It offers an unprecedented glimpse into the world of a contemporary mystic, a prodigious living archive of knowledge. In the course of his discussions, Sadhguru probes the farthest realms of illogic, and yet his unfailingly rational and matter-of-fact tone lends credibility to the more fantastic aspects of the content. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929148	Joy 24 x 7	Jeetendra Jain explores Joy with Sadhguru	PaperBack	Joy 24x7 is a very simple but unusual exploration of Joy.There is no religion in this book. There are no rituals prescribed here. There is no deep meditation being described here and neither is there any mention to any spiritual practice.This is not a guidebook. This is not a self-help book. It is not going to give you an instant formula for joy. But it will surely make you explore your Joy for yourself in a very direct way. The simple, short snippets of daily lives connected with what Sadhguru has to say about Joy, will take you on a wonderful roller coaster ride on Joy with the Master himself.With Sadhgurus incredible clarity of expression, his brilliant wit and sense of observation, his ability to bring the most profound aspect in a very simple and direct way, this book is for any human being who seeks to be Joyful.No matter who you are, what you are trying to do, Sadhgurus words will touch a wonderful wave of Joy inside you and you will soon be restless to seek Joy 24x7. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	148p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929520	Pebbles Of Wisdom	Sadhguru	PaperBack	PEBBLES OF WISDOM is a compilation of quotes and insights by Sadhguru from several talks, sathsangs and discourses over many occasions and many years. This selection of gems by Sadhguru is something every reader will want to return to time and time again. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	136p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927830	The Divine Wisdom of Oneness	Received and Transcribed by Rasha	PaperBack	In unprecedented divine revelations The Divine Wisdom of Oneness gifts humanity with an astounding new vision of who we really are  and where were heading.In February 1998, Rasha began a profound dialogue with the universal Presence, Oneness  the Divinity we all share. As The Divine Wisdom of Oneness guided her step-by-step through the agonies and the exultation of an experiential voyage to God-realization, Rasha painstakingly documented the principles that lay the foundation for a new level of understanding of the phenomenon we call life.These pages hold belief-shattering insights into the changes that are silently shaking the fiber of our lives and our world. Here we learn how reality is manifested vibrationally, and how our emotional responses set the stage for drawing life experiences to us. We learn to recognize the signs and symptoms of the ascension process  the shifting of our awareness to accelerating levels of reality  and how to harness its potential.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	408p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928318	Whats So Great About Christianity	Dinesh DSouza	PaperBack	Is Christianity obsolete? Can an intelligent, educated person really believe the Bible? Or do the atheists have it right? Has Christianity been disproven by science, debunked as a force for good, and discredited as a guide to morality?Bestselling author Dinesh DSouza (Whats So Great About America) looks at Christianity with a questioning eye, but treats atheists with equal skepticism. The result is a book that will challenge the assumptions of both believers and doubters and affirm that there really is, indeed, something great about Christianity.Provocative, enlightening, a twenty-first-century successor to C.S. Lewiss Mere Christianity, Dinesh DSouzas Whats So Great About Christianity is the perfect book for the seeker, the skeptic, and the believer who wants to defend his faith. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	368p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928387	365 Sayings of Prophet Muhammad	Compiled and :t: Abdur Raheem Kidwai	PaperBack	This selection of 365 Sayings of Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) offers an overview of Islamic faith and practices. These profound and life-enriching sayings of the Prophet have served as one of the main sources of divine guidance and law for Muslims through the ages.This selection helps readers gain or renew their acquaintance with Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) who is undoubtedly one of the most influential figures in history and who serves as a role model for more than one billion Muslims across the world. His sayings represent the Islamic code of conduct governing every Muslims family, social, political, economic and spiritual life. His instructions have relevance for both individual and collective life. This selection thus stands out as a helpful introduction to both the Prophet and to Islamic beliefs and code of conduct. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	416p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928721	Words Of Power: Mantras and Chants from East & West	Brian & Esther Crowley	PaperBack	Mantras and Chants from East & WestTune in... To the Hidden sounds of the soulWithin our human heritage is a vast storehouse of magical words, mantras, invocations and chants handed down from ages past. The ancients used these sacred sounds to still the mind, heal the body, and attain higher states of consciousness. These sounds are their gift to us, and they are revealed at last in this fascinating and instantly usable manual.Words Of Power is the first such work of a universal nature, with a selection of potent sounds in Egyptian, Hebrew, Sanskrit, Tibetan, Arabic, Greek, Latin, English and others. Presented in an easy-to-learn format, Words Of Power contains simple keys to correct pronunciation, suggested meditations, and detailed explanations of esoteric meanings and functions. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	336p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929285	The Parables Of Jesus	James Montgomery Boice	PaperBack	Some sections of the Bible give us grand theology. Some move us to grateful responses to God. But the parables break through mere words and make us ask whether there has indeed been any real difference in our lives. And isnt this what we should expect, since the parables come from the lips of Jesus?	2008	Jaico Publishing House	228p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929544	Sunshine & Green Leaves: The Essential Writings	Thich Nhat Hanh	PaperBack	Edited By Robert EllsbergIntroduction By Sister Annabel LaityDrawn from more than twenty of his books, these are the essential writings of one of the most beloved and influential spiritual figures of our day.Zen master, monk, poet, and peace advocate, Thich Nhat Hanh is a Vietnamese Buddhist monk who has lived in exile in France for the past 30 years. Through his writings and retreats he has helped innumerable people of all religious backgrounds to live mindfully in the present moment, to uproot sources of anger and distrust, and to achieve relationships of love and understanding.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950076	The Raft Is Not The Shore	Thich Nhat Hanh & Daniel Berrigan	PaperBack	Meeting for long, midnight conversations in Paris, two poets and prophetic peacemakers  one an exiled Buddhist monk, the other a Jesuit priest  explore together the farthest reaches of truth. East and West flow together in this remarkable book, as their talks range widely over memory, death, and religion; prison and exile; war and peace; Jesus and Buddha; and communities of resistance and faith.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	168p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247362	Spiritual Heritage & Cultural Symbols of India	Jhaver P. Shreeniwas	PaperBack	This book highlights attainable spiritual virtues in modern times. To give body and force to the narrations on every topic, authentic information about experiments conducted by eminent world scientists and clairvoyants is included instead of abstract reasoning/arguments. The book will fascinate the young and the old, Indian and foreigner, Hindu and non-Hindu alike.Cultural symbols are emblems of divine and human sovereignty over temporal life. A symbol must necessarily suggest more than what it expresses. Every symbol is pragmatic like a tiny seed which proclaims its potentiality of becoming a blooming tree. A careful look at the symbols opens up a vista of knowledge and the success achieved in revealing the mysteries of Nature in Universe.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929025	Dont Worry, Be Happy	Paramahamsa Nithyananda	PaperBack	Life is a deep and personal experience. It is an extraordinary love affair with Existence. It is the path to the ultimate merger with Existence itself.Paramahamsa Nithyananda delivers astounding truths to help us experience this. He shakes us out of our intellect, into our being. He speaks not philosophy but his own experience. This book is a compilation of talks he has delivered in the USA. Dive in and get a glimpse... 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	228p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929032	Six Days to Total Transformation	Paramahamsa Nithyananda	PaperBack	Can I really transform my life in days?Yes!Meditation has power to transform you physically, mentally, emotionally and spiritually - in a matter of days.Six Days to Total Transformation is based on an intensive six-day guided meditation camp conducted by Nithyananda in Bangalore.The book explores the seven powerful chakras (subtle energy zones) of our body, with meditation techniques to cleanse and energize them. Woven into the talks is practical wisdom from Nithyananda on vital issues like Body Intelligence, the power of the Subconscious mind and the science behind tradition. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	264p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950199	The Lost years of Jesus	Elizabeth Clare Prophet	PaperBack	Documentary evidence of Jesus 17-year journey to India, Nepal and TibetAncient texts reveal that Jesus spent seventeen years in the Orient. They say that from age 13 to age 29 he was both student and teacher. The events of his pilgrimage from Jerusalem to India were recorded by Buddhist historians. To this day he is known and loved throughout the East as Saint Issa.For the first time Elizabeth Clare Prophet brings together the testimony of four eyewitnesses of these remarkable documents. With the thoroughness of a determined disciple turned detective she tells the intriguing story of the international controversy that arose when the manuscripts were first discovered in 1887 by Nicolas Notovitch  how experts proved they did not exist, only to have them rediscovered in this century by Swami Abhedananda, Professor Nicholas Roerich, and Mme Elisabeth Caspari.Now you can read in one volume the chronicles and legends of what Jesus did and said in India, Nepal, Ladakh, and Tibet prior to his Palestinian mission  and the heartwarming personal accounts of those who made the trek to the Himalayas and brought back the most revolutionary message of our time. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	356p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950762	Himalayan Lust	Sadhguru	PaperBack	Every year, a group of Isha meditators sets out on a tour of the Himalayas. Accompanying them on this journey is Sadhguru  a spiritual master considered by many to be one of the foremost living yogis on the planet. This is a book for those who stayed behind. It is a chance to make a pilgrimage on the page, travelling through the unpredictable but fascinating terrain of the masters words. Amalgamating discourses and conversations from several yatras, it is a blend of the specific and the timeless. This book is not just about the Himalayas. And yet, the book would never have happened without the Himalayas. The mountains play a vital role in the text, alternately as context and catalyst, mood and metaphor. Without them, some of the questions in this book would never have been asked. Even if they sometimes seem tangential to the line of enquiry, they remain a powerful subterranean presence, eventually becoming the very bedrock of this book. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	228p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950441	Excuse Me God	Sirshree	PaperBack	There is a way to fulfil your every desire. It is by saying, Excuse me God... Yes, you can speak to God and ask him for whatever you wish. This communication with God is what is called prayer. It is the telephone number of God. Just pick it up and talk to Him. He listens. Anywhere, anytime. And then He answers. After this call, you wont have to solve problems; you will see them being solved automatically!Prayer is the worlds greatest power that has been given to man even before a difficulty arrives in life. Through prayer, not only can the desires of the mind be fulfilled, you can also attain the supreme goal of human life  Enlightenment. Faith is the worlds greatest vibration, due to which prayer yields results. Within each of us is the power of Supreme Faith, which needs to be awakened at the earliest. You first sow some seeds, only then you get a crop. This book will help you learn what the seed of faith is and how to sow it. By sowing the seed of faith, we allow God to work in our life. And when God works, it is nothing less than a miracle. The most important thing you will learn is that all your transactions, whether give or take, are with God only. Therefore: TO GET THE BEST, GIVE THE BEST TO THE BEST 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	228p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242115	The Mind of Ramana Maharshi 	Arthur Osborne	PaperBack	Sri Ramana Maharshi was born in 1879. In his seventeenth year he attained enlightenment through a remarkable experience as if undergoing death of the physical body while remaining in full consciousness. Following this transformation, he left his home and was drawn irresistibly to the sacred hill of Arunachala. In the ashram which was formed around him he taught the purest form of Advaita Vedanta (nonduality) through the supremely simple discipline of self-enquiry. This unusual book gives an attractive picture of this guru who belonged to the true line of Indias spiritual teachers.	1959	Jaico Publishing House	232p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921638	Selections from The Gospel of Sri Ramakrishna	Nikhilananda	PaperBack	The profound teachings of a great mystic come to lifeMore than a century after the passing of Ramakrishna, one of Indias greatest exemplars of God-consciousness and mystical union, his message of harmony and tolerance still inspires millions of people, both in the East and around the world. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	232p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242131	The Mind of J. Krishnamurthi	Luis S.R. Vas	PaperBack	What makes an apparently ordinary human being, unfavoured by either heredity or environment, suddenly achieve greatness? The present volume is a study of this rare phenomenon as reflected in the life and thought of one man who had greatness thrust upon him early in life and who later achieved a different kind of greatness, only to give it all up  J. Krishnamurti. It uncovers a strange mind, still very imperfectly understood. 	1989	Jaico Publishing House	336p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242344	Basic Writings of S. Radhakrishnan	Robert A. McDermott	PaperBack	The writings of Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan philosopher and former President of India, constitute one of the best possible introductions to Indian thought and culture. They are the most important body of work in the development of recent Indian and Western studies in comparative philosophy. This volume contains a representative selection of Radhakrishnans most significant writings in these area. It explains the aims, key concepts and major predispositions of Radhakrishnans thoughts and deals with his interpretation of Indian philosophy, his systematic version of Vedanta, his reinterpretation of Hindu dharma and Yoga and his consistent plea for the universal synthesis on the plane of spirit. 	1972	Jaico Publishing House	340p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242123	The Mind of Swami Vivekananda	Gautam Sen	PaperBack	Swami Vivekananda was one of the great religious minds of the 19th century. His appearance in the Congress of World Religion in America was a momentous event in the history of religion, where he changed the western view of Vedanta Hindu philosophy. What is the substance of Vivekanandas interpretation of Vedanta? And how relevant is it to 20th century man? In this revised volume, Gautam Sen pieces together the representative portions of the Swamis philosophy and ties them up with a running commentary of his own. 	1975	Jaico Publishing House	172p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246021	Chanakya: His Teachings & Advice	Pt. Ashwani Sharma	PaperBack	Chanakya was undoubtedly ancient Indias finest political strategist and thinker. His brand of wisdom is ageless and immitable. This volume forcefully impress upon one, the need and the permenance of a moral code. The book has a large smattering of pithy observations on women, family life, human relationships, moral conduct and spirituality. Chanakyas startling prophecies, meaningful reflections on everyday living and headed axioms, make this book a rich repository of profoundity and reason. 	1998	Jaico Publishing House	88p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246609	Autobiography of a Yogi (Original)	Yogananda	PaperBack	Acclaimed around the globe as a classic of spirituality. Paramahansa Yogananda was the first great master of India to live in the West for a period of over thirty years. In this book he explains with scientific clarity the subtle but definitive laws by which Yogis perform miracles and attain self mastery. A graduate of Calcutta University, Yogananda writes with unforgettable sincerity and incisive wit. Autobiography of a Yogi has been translated into fourteen languages and is currently used in over 100 universities and colleges as required reading for courses in comparative religion, psychology, literature, philosophy, sociology and even biology. In addition to English edition, Jaico has published this book in Hindi  Yogi Kathamrit and in Telugu  Vaka Yogi Athmakatha. 	1998	Jaico Publishing House	524p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179926741	Autobiography of a Yogi (Telugu)	Yogananda				Jaico Publishing House	576p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924203	The Essential Aurobindo: Writings of Sri Aurobindo	Edited with an Introduction and an Afterword by Robert McDermott	PaperBack	Sri Aurobindo stands out as one of the most profound and profoundly relevant of contemporary Asian spiritual masters speaking to the West. His vision transcends the distinctive strengths and weaknesses of India and the West, and his discipline brings the 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240309	Sai Baba of Shirdi (English)	M.V. Kamath & V.B. Kher	PaperBack	Sai Baba of Shirdi is a phenomenon. In all of Indias history, there has never been another like him. He is no conventional saint, he wrote no critique of any holy work, made no ashram or peetham, yet he had profound insight into both Hindu and Islamic scriptures. He performed miracles but in no manner or means to impress anyone, devotees or otherwise. Sai Baba in every way remains unique. He came in his late twenties to Shirdi, an insignificant Hamlet in Ahmednagar District where he spent fifty years of his remaining life. Shirdi is no longer an obscure village. Today it is a centre of pilgrimage for lakhs of Sai Babas devotees. This book translated into Hindi is a complete account of his life and mission.Hindi Rs. 95 / Telugu Rs. 125	1991	Jaico Publishing House	380p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920704	366 Readings From Hinduism	:e: Robert Van De Weyer	PaperBack	Hinduism means incorporating all forms of belief and worship without necessitating the selection or elimination of any. This book incorporates Literature from Ancient Sacred text of India considered as The Kernel of Hinduism. Jaico's 366 Readings Series is the first comprehensive collection of the spiritual literature of the whole world presented in accessible form. It is aimed at people who wish to broaden their spiritual outlook, and also at the much larger group who have little or no attachment to a religious community, but seek spiritual wisdom.	2003	Jaico Publishing House	374p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920712	366 Readings From Buddhism	:e: Robert Van De Weyer	PaperBack	Buddha means 'enlightened person'. A Buddhist is someone who follows the teachings of a particular enlightened person, called Gautama. Jaico's 366 Readings Series is the first comprehensive collection of the spiritual literature of the whole world presented in accessible form. It is aimed at people who wish to broaden their spiritual outlook, and also at the much larger group who have little or no attachment to a religious community, but seek spiritual wisdom. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	374p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920720	366 Readings From Islam	:e: Robert Van De Weyer	PaperBack	Islam means 'submission to GOD'. A Muslim is someone who has submitted to god, recognizing Muhammad as a prophet of god. Jaico's 366 Readings Series is the first comprehensive collection of the spiritual literature of the whole world presented in accessible form. It is aimed at people who wish to broaden their spiritual outlook, and also at the much larger group who have little or no attachment to a religious community, but seek spiritual wisdom. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	374p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920739	366 Readings From Taoism & Confucianism	:e: Robert Van De Weyer	PaperBack	Tao is best translated as the 'Way'; it may also be understood as the first principle from which everything comes, and to which all will return. Jaico's 366 Readings Series is the first comprehensive collection of the spiritual literature of the whole world presented in accessible form. It is aimed at people who wish to broaden their spiritual outlook, and also at the much larger group who have little or no attachment to a religious community, but seek spiritual wisdom. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	374p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920747	366 Readings From Christianity	:e: Robert Van De Weyer	PaperBack	CHRISTIANITY is the religion followed by the disciples of Jesus Christ. It is a living tradition of faith and culture. Jaico's 366 Readings Series is the first comprehensive collection of the spiritual literature of the whole world presented in accessible form. It is aimed at people who wish to broaden their spiritual outlook, and also at the much larger group who have little or no attachment to a religious community, but seek spiritual wisdom. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	374p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926028	366 Readings From World Religions	Robert Van de Weyer	PaperBack	From as far back in time as history records, human beings have sought the truth  some order or entity that unifies all existence. Sometimes these have been codified in certain writings approved as scriptural, other less centralised traditions have collections of sayings and stories, still others have passed on their wisdom orally.This collection contains all three types of tradition, providing a unique overall view of the collective spiritual wisdom of humanity. Despite the variety of form and style, the common insights shine brilliantly through, and the introductions to each tradition provide a succinct summary of how we can relate this wisdom to our own lives today.Containing 12 chapters, each with 31 readings, the book can be used as a means of education, reference or inspiration. An introduction to each tradition covers origins, teachings, expressions and themes that are relevant for us today, written in a readable style suitable for most age groups. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	452p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927694	Timeless Wisdom	:e: Robert Van de Weyer	PaperBack	Spiritual Stories From Around The WorldIn every human society and culture there is a fund of stories  parables, fables, legends  which encapsulate moral and spiritual values and pass those values on from one generation to the next. One of the characters found in every spiritual tradition is the wandering sage. Sometimes he has a name, such as Mulla Nasrudin or Guru Nudel. More often he is nameless. He belongs to no religious hierarchy, and has no religious affiliation.In parts of the world this storytelling tradition still survives, and in four spiritual traditions it is especially prominent; Taoism, Sufism, the Celtic and Hasidic traditions. This collection of over 70 stories captures the flavour of timeless wisdom and counter-cultural wit that is part of our Heritage. The stories are suitable for all ages, easy to remember, and once remembered never forgotten. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927717	Finding Time for the Timeless	John McQuiston II	PaperBack	Practice spirituality in a culture where work has become a religion. This collection of real-life examples offers refreshing stories of everyday spiritual practices people use to free themselves from the work and worry mindset of our culture. Full of insight and inspiration, Finding Time For The Timeless will help empower you to see how even your busiest workweek can include spiritual habits and routine. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928516	Encounters With Men Of Miracles	Mayah Balse	PaperBack	This book is a graphic face-to-face account of encounters with unusual men and women  the faith-healers, the flesh mortifiers, the mystics who materialise ash and honey, black magicians, yogis who stop their pulse and heart beat, death defiers who get buried alive and live to tell the tale, spiritual seance mediums who act as transmitters between the living and the dead, and much more.Some mysteries of the Universe are beyond mans comprehension, yet they never fail to ignite his curiosity. The very fact that these psychic phenomena cannot be exhibited by everyone, adds to their peculiar allure.This book is an objective sally into this realm.What gives some mortals these super-powers?Science has not yet found all the answers. Hear what the mystics and miracle men say in their own versions of what exactly happens to them on the psychic, physical and metaphysical planes, when they are going through these experiences. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927878	Meditation On Life: Mother Teresa	Selected & Arranged By Anthony Stern, M.D.	PaperBack	Everything Starts from PrayerAt the Home for the Dying in Calcutta, Mother Teresa often cared for the residents as they approached the end. As she was ministering to one illness-ravaged man, a visitor overheard her whisper a few words to him. These few words embody Mother Teresas spiritual wisdom. This is what she said: You say a prayer in your religion, and I will say a prayer as I know it. Together we will say this prayer and it will be something beautiful for God.These gentle words of solace and care provide us with a glimpse at a Mother Teresa weve often overlooked: Mother Teresa the universal teacher of prayer. The world has admired the Mother Teresa who devoted her life to caring for the poorest of the poor everywhere. But, her close associates knew that all of Mother Teresas outer activity of caring and action was the natural consequence of her devotion, the overflow of her deep inner life. They witnessed her reliance upon contemplative practice, and they recognized Mother Teresa not only as a devout Catholic, but also as a great ecumenical teacher of prayer.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	188p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927915	Snacks For The Soul	J.P. Vaswani	PaperBack	Snacks For The Soul is a collection of stories that offer emotional, intellectual and spiritual nourishment. The snacks come in a variety of flavors  the sweet, the bitter, the sad, the joyous, the spicy and the pungent! There are tastes to suit every palate, tastes that will linger long in your mind!This collection is not to be read at one sitting; nor is it for idle page-turning; read these stories for inspiration and guidance; read them to have your mind and spirit uplifted. They are slices of life and they strike a chord that is rarely heard in your heart; they make you feel instinctively this might have happened to me! 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	340p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927557	Spirituality Demystified	Rajiv R. Gupta	PaperBack	The stress of modern living and lack of purpose in life drive a lot of people to seek refuge in spirituality. This book is for rational, ambitious and educated people who would like to know whether adding spirituality to their lives is really important. It outlines clear-cut ways & means of attaining fulfilment in life through the spiritual path, while actively pursuing ones material aspirations.This book is for the rational, ambitious and educated people who would like to know whether adding spirituality to their lives is really important. It outlines clear-cut means of attaining fulfilment in life through the spiritual path, while actively pursuing ones material aspirations. The Times of India 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	280p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924246	A Walk with Four Spiritual Guides: Krishna, Buddha, Jesus, and Ramakrishna	Andrew Harvey	PaperBack	A Walk with Four Spiritual Guides is Andrew Harveys very personal introduction to Krishnas lessons on the immortality of the soul, Buddhas description of the fundamental role of mental conditioning in making us who we are, Jesus portrayal of the Kingd	2005	Jaico Publishing House	184p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929292	Spiritual Warrior	John-Roger, D.S.S.	PaperBack	If everyone in the world read this book, the world would be a much better place. John-Roger is truly an inspiration and this book touched my heart and soul. What an incredible man. Paris HiltonJohn-Rogers book Spiritual Warrior is very dear to me. It quite literally changed my life. It taught me how to live from my heart, from my soul and in a way that is more abundant and joyful than I could ever have possibly imagined. John-Roger is my teacher and my friend. Jaime King-Newman 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929872	Messages from Amma	:e: Janine Canan	PaperBack	Lovingly known by millions around the world as Amma (Mother), the Hugging Saint, the Mother of Compassion, and the Mother of Immortal Bliss, the divinely beautiful Indian holy woman Ammachi has spent her adult life fulfilling her mission to share her message of love and compassion throughout the world by distributing hugs and special blessings.In 1990, psychiatrist and Amma devotee Dr. Janine Canan met Amma and, with Ammas blessing, began collecting quotations from Ammas public talks, personal dialogues, and songs. Here, Dr. Canan has translated Ammas beautiful and timeless words so that they are preserved and available for all. Included are themes such as Love, the Cure, Surrendering the Ego, and Entering the Stream of Grace. In all, Messages from Amma delivers the powerfully inspiring teachings of a modern-day saint  a woman whose very life is the incarnation of love.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929865	Im Fine Spirit	Ryuho Okawa	PaperBack	How to Get Through Tough TimesThe content of this book is a recipe for succeeding in life that can be used by all people around the world. It is an essential textbook written in simple words that provides instructions on how to lead a life of happiness. It is a modern Bible, a modern sutra, a study of life, a way of life that transcends beyond the barriers dividing religions and sects.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	108p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950274	The Laws Of The Sun (With CD)	Ryuho Okawa	PaperBack	FREE Animation Movie DVD Included!Discover the Origin of Your SoulWhat is the nature of spirit and soul? What are the universal spiritual laws and how can we learn to live in harmony with them? What really happens when we die? Ryuho Okawa reveals in this book the transcendent nature of consciousness and the secrets of our multidimensional universe and our place in it. By understanding the natural laws of the universe and following the Buddhist Eightfold Path, he believes we can speed up our eternal process of development. The Laws of the Sun shows the way to achieve true happiness, a happiness that continues from this world through the other.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	260p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950830	The Seven Commandments of the Bhagavad Gita	J.P. Vaswani	PaperBack	The Bhagavad Gita has been hailed as a universal scripture, a Bible of humanity. The song of the Lord, uttered by Sri Krishna on the battlefield of Kurukshetra over five millennia ago, remains even in Kaliyuga, in the 21st century, a tremendous source of faith, hope, inspiration and wisdom, to seekers of the spirit in the East and West.Dada J.P. Vaswani offers the Song Divine to us as a text that all of us can cherish and love. Countless are the learned and scholarly commentaries available on the Gita: Dadas unique achievement is to make this great scripture accessible to us; interpreting its momentous message in a way that we can relate to effortlessly; linking its profound precepts to our daily life, work, conduct and personal relationships. In short, making Lord Krishnas Song Divine, a book for you and me and a thousand others like us. We do not have to memorise and recite the Gita; with Dadas lucid guidance, we can actually translate the Gita into deeds of daily living!Make The Seven Commandments of the Bhagavad Gita your guide to a better, higher, more joyous, more meaningful life! Let Dada J.P. Vaswani take you to the heart of the Gita and offer you its essential truths as only he can! You are sure to hear the divine music of Sri Krishnas flute reverberate in your spirit!	2009	Jaico Publishing House	388p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929858	The Laws of the Spirit World	Khorshed Bhavnagri	PaperBack	ON FEBRUARY 22, 1980, KHORSHED AND RUMI BHAVNAGRIS WORLD WAS SHATTERED. ONE MONTH LATER, A NEW ONE OPENED. Khorshed and Rumi Bhavnagri lost their sons, Vispi and Ratoo, in a tragic car crash. With both their sons gone, the couple felt they would not survive for long. They had lost all faith in God until a miraculous message from the Spirit World gave them hope and sent them on an incredible journey.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	380p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241755	Philosophy of Life and Death	M.V. Kamath	PaperBack	This fascinating book of M.V. Kamath helps to answer the most crucial question of existence What is the meaning of death? Drawing from the wisdom of major religions and cultures of the East and West, he presents a clear, highly, informative study on the experience of Life and Death. Included are the thoughts and reflections of 55 famous men and women during their experience of dying, who tells us what we ought to know or intuite, that those who are well integrated die bravely, calmly and at peace with themselves. To mention a few names like Socrates, Madame Curie, Queen Elizabeth, Swami Vivekananda  these are people whose deaths tell us how to die. 	1993	Jaico Publishing House	352p	English			1	PHI000000
8179922995	Hinduism: Rediscovering the Mystical	Marcus Braybrooke	PaperBack	Hinduism will help readers rediscover a sense of the mystical, an awareness of the reality of the divine, who or which can never adequately be described in human language. Experience of the divine creates a sense of oneness with all humans and a concern for the poor, the sick & the suffering. Focusing on the positive insights, values & practices of Hinduism, the author draws the readers attention to some valuable Hindu contributions to humanities understanding of the spiritual world it substantiates that world religions, can do a great deal to rehabilitate humanity, by giving it meaning & purpose.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	120p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927786	The Vedanta Way To Peace And Happiness	Swami Adiswarananda	PaperBack	Guarded for centuries by saints and ascetics in the forests and mountains of India, the universal principles of Vedanta were deemed too precious to be understood by the masses until Swami Vivekananda first introduced them in the West at the end of the nineteenth century. Today Vedantas principles of self-awareness, self-knowledge, and self-control are available for anyone who wants to enrich their life by following this ancient tradition. Fusing science, philosophy, meditation, and contemplation, these timeless teachings encourage spiritual growth by inviting critical inquiry, encouraging honest doubt, and providing realistic explanations of the mysteries of spiritual quest. This comprehensive guide examines in detail the tenets of Vedanta, its relationship to other spiritual paths, as well as its applications for your own spiritual journey.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	228p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921263	Profile of a Perfect Person	Jaya Row	PaperBack	The Bhagavad Gita : A Melody DivineMichelangelo said that inside every block of stone dwells a beautiful statue.The Bhagavad Gita is a divine song that helps unravel the beauty within you. It helps you to discover the magic potency of self-governance. It enriches you from within. Carl Jung said, Who looks outside dreams, who looks inside awakes. The world converges to that rare person who has empowered himself and tapped his inner resources. Such a person achieves success effortlessly. He is happy and evolves to his full potential. Without cultivating your inner resources you feel inadequate, incomplete. It is only with inner unfoldment that you experience true power. You are not the human being going through a spiritual experience; you are the very Spirit. The Gita brings you back to the cognition of your true potential. You become a Perfect Person. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	148p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240910	The Secret Teachings of The Vedas	Stephen Knapp	PaperBack	The Secret Teachings of the Vedas is a comprehensive and enlightening journey through the ancient knowledge of the East. It is written to establish as an alternative to the highly speculatory, inconclusive and problematic theories about the universe, the soul, life and life after death. It contains many quotes showing the knowledge that the Vedas have held for thousands of years. There is also a special section on the historical holy sites of South India with over 75 photographs of art works, sculptures, deities, architecture and some of the most amazing temples you will see anywhere. 	1993	Jaico Publishing House	326p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923479	Upanishads For The Modern World	G.K.Pillai	PaperBack	In this book, Dr. Pillai relates the vision of the Upanishads to the spiritual needs of the 21st century. The stories of the Upanishads are retold to make them intelligible to the modern world. The outcome is a rational worldview that reveals the undeniable presence of an interactive energy in all forms of life.The Upanishads contain the essence of existential wisdom conceived by oriental mystics about 3,000 years ago. They lead us to the logical inference that the spark of universal energy embedded in us motivates all our worldly deeds and even inspires the spiritual quest to unravel the unknown. The Upanishads give us clear-cut answers to all ultimate questions that science fails to elucidate.The author suggests that the Upanishads can mitigate excessive violence, unfounded fears, and chronic anxieties that torment the modern mind. The book contains the latest scientific ideas on the mind and it offers effective spiritual solutions to remove undesirable aggressive tendencies. The existential wisdom explained here can hopefully create a compassionate mindset that we sadly miss in the egocentric era of information technology. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	310p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248091	Basic Buddhism	Nan Huai-Chin	PaperBack	Basic Buddhism provides an overview of the history and tradition, tracing Buddhism from its inception in India to its transmission to China, and its subsequent blossoming throughout the world. It explains the various philosophical trends and evolution and brings us into the 21st century. An extensive appendix explains the Zen Monastic system and the twenty essential rules of Zen Community. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926176	The Buddha And His Teachings	Narada	PaperBack	The Buddha was the first most active missionary in the world. He wandered from place to place for forty-five years preaching His doctrine to the masses and the intelligentsia. Till His last moment, He served humanity both by example and by precept. His distinguished disciples followed suit. Penniless, they even travelled to distant lands to propagate the Dhamma, expecting nothing in return.This treatise, written by a member of the Order of the Sangha, is based on the Pli Texts, commentaries, and traditions prevailing in Buddhist countries.The first part of the book deals with the Life of the Buddha, the second with the Dhamma, the Pli term for His Doctrine. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	532p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926397	Quietly Comes The Buddha	Elizabeth Clare Prophet	PaperBack	Take A Moment And Commune With The Heart Of The Buddha.Discover peace, transformation and divine solutions to your everyday problems through the creativity of the Buddha-nature in your heart. You can realize your Buddha-nature by cultivating its qualities known as the Ten Perfections.Quietly Comes the Buddha is an offering of meditations, poetry and prayers for developing your Buddhic nature to bring wholeness into your life and the lives of others. Includes meditations on the heart for resolving conflicts and chakra meditations for purification and healing.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	208p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921581	Dhammapada 	Max Muller	PaperBack	The Dhammapada (Path of the Buddhas Teachings) is a daily inspiration for millions of Buddhists all over the world and for people of all spiritual traditions who have been spoken by the Buddha himself over 2,500 years ago - contain most of Buddhisms central teachings.Originally composed in the ancient language of pali, this timeless text concisely and inspirationally portrays the route a person travels as he or she advances toward enlightenment. With poetic sequence and rhythm, the Dhammapada describes the fundamental role of mental conditioning in making us who we are. It paints contrasting portraits of three levels of our human existence - the fool, the wise one, and the enlightened one - and addresses specific aspects of experience, conduct, and belief that characterize our transformation from one of these modes of being to another.Now you can experience the Dhammapada with understanding even if you have no previous knowledge of Buddhism. This Jaico edition offers insightful yet unobstrusive commentary that explains references and philosophical terms, shares the inspiring interpretations of famous spiritual teachers, and gives you deeper insight into the text.	2003	Jaico Publishing House	152p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924378	Buddhist Chants & Prayers For Daily Living	Charles Atkins	PaperBack	In 1987 Charles Atkins was struck with Hodgkins disease and underwent the ravages of chemo- and radiation therapy. Throughout his illness he used his Buddhist training and the power of the mantra Nam-myoho-renge-kyo to carry him through the cancer treatments and allay his fear of death and doubts for recovery. During his stays in the hospital, he took every possible opportunity to comfort other cancer patients. His survival inspired him to share with others the healing techniques he has learned.Atkins introduces us to the Buddhist master Nichiren Daishonin (1222-1281) and the healing teachings of Shakyamuni Buddha as laid out in the Lotus Sutra. Atkins explains how Nam-myoho-renge-kyo can be used to undo karma that has damaged our health. His examplealong with that of many others struggling with diseases as diverse as fibromyalgia, diabetic ulcers, breast cancer, high blood pressure, and mental illnessprovides a beacon of hope for those facing illness. Atkinss book shows that with hope, faith, and prayer nothing is impossible. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	182p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927861	The Essence Of Buddha	Ryuho Okawa	PaperBack	The Essence Of Buddha is about living life with meaning and purpose. It offers a contemporary interpretation of the way to enlightenment, written by a highly revered spiritual leader.The fundamental tenets of the Buddhist understanding of life, such as The Eightfold Path, The Six Paramitas and the Laws of Causality, are clearly explained in modern and accessible terms, along with the need for self-reflection, the nature of karma and reincarnation, and other teachings of the Buddha.Enlightenment is a potential achievement for every sentient being. The path towards it is an expansion of consciousness, moving from material concerns to an increased awareness of the unseen spiritual reality. This, and the practice of a love that gives, rather than just expecting to be loved, is the only path to happiness, and a better world. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	212p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928127	The Energy Of Prayer	Thich Nhat Hanh	PaperBack	In this extraordinary celebration of spirituality The Energy Of Prayer demonstrates the relevance of prayer in our daily lives. Thich Nhat Hanh reveals how the energies of prayer and meditation allow us to reconnect with our higher selves while satisfying our basic need to connect with the world as a whole. With a generous spirit that acknowledges the many different types and functions of prayer, The Energy Of Prayer provides a guide for deepening our spiritual practice through the use of prayer.Thich Nhat Hanh introduces the reader to several meditation methods that re-envision prayer as an open, inclusive, and accessible practice that helps create healthy lives through the power of awareness and intention. This book includes visualization and breathing exercises, as well as a rich sampling of prayers, chants, and invocations from the Buddhist tradition. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	180p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928233	Buddha Mind, Buddha Body	Thich Nhat Hanh	PaperBack	In this book Thich Nhat Hanh shows us how we can instill the habit of happiness in our consciousness. With humour and compassion, Buddha Mind, Buddha Body explores how the mind functions and how we can train ourselves to more effectively create the conditions for our own happiness.Buddha Mind, Buddha Body emphasizes the importance of creativity, visualization, and meditation, and offers concrete exercises to improve mental clarity and restore our mind/body harmony. Punctuated by stories from the life of the Buddha, as well as stories and observations from Nhat Hanhs own life.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	154p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928240	Ocean Of Wisdom	The Dalai Lama	PaperBack	This book contains excerpts of the unusually beautiful and inspiring words of His Holiness the Dalai Lama, the spiritual and temporal leader of the Tibetan people. His message of the universal need for kindness and consideration at every level of human relations, from person-to-person to global concerns, is one that transcends all cultural and religious boundaries. The book has been compiled from talks the Dalai Lama has made at various universities, monasteries, and interfaith services around the world. His thoughts are at once both lively and profound, for, surprisingly to some who first meet him, His Holiness has a refreshingly wonderful sense of humor. The crucial necessity for world peace, including the overriding threat of nuclear weapons, and the need to show concern for the environment are also interwoven in these Guidelines for Living which should be read by anyone who cares about the fate of our increasingly interdependent and imperiled Earth. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	164p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929445	The Fourteen Dalai Lamas	Glenn H. Mullin	PaperBack	For almost six centuries, the Dalai Lamas have stood as the principal spiritual leaders of Central Asia, and they have held secular power over Tibet for almost half that time. They have served as gurus to Mongolian khans and Chinese emperors alike, as well as to the masses of peoples inhabiting the numerous kingdoms of Central Asia.Author Glenn Mullin vividly brings to life the sacred mythology associated with the Dalai Lama. He captures the spiritual and political history of this remarkable personage, with accounts not only of the fourteen Dalai Lamas and the legacy of reincarnation surrounding them, but also of the dozens of previous lives of the soul that became these fourteen extraordinary beings. In addition, he has supplemented the stories of the various Dalai Lamas with excerpts from their spiritual teachings, their philosophy and their mystical poetry.The Fourteenth Dalai Lama, winner of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989, is now almost a household name around the world. However, the ancient tradition of reincarnation to which he is heir is less well known. The First Dalai Lama was born in a nomadic hut in 1391, and each subsequent Dalai Lama is regarded as his reincarnation, choosing to take up the burdens of a human life again and again in order to benefit the world. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	576p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246595	Zen in Business & Life	Takeshi Iizuka	PaperBack	The quest for self begins with the realization that life is but a single existence which leads to a discussion of how best to live this life. Reflecting on his own life and experience in the business world, Izuka seeks to provide a management style that does not stand in conflict with a fulfilled meaningful life based on Zen principles. The series of essays draws on both Eastern and Western philosophies in an attempt to help others find meaning and purpose in life and business.	1997	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923568	Nirvana In A Nutshell	Scott Shaw	PaperBack	Nirvana is the state of grace where there is no longer any physical suffering, mental anguish, or unanswered questions. A grand and mind  boggling concept  bigger almost than our ability to understand it. Yet, truly, small enough to package in a nutshell  because Nirvana is as we are, a truth we can let ourselves experience. Scott Shaw brings Nirvana home with 157 brief, spirited, inspiring meditations on the true presence of Nirvana.Let go of your desires, begin to embrace inner peace, and Nirvana will not be so distant, so desired, so far off. It will be who you are.Nirvana in a Nutshell helps us see that enlightenment is a gift, a gift readily available for everyone  right here, right now. This is a cautionary book: Nobody can give you Nirvana. This is an encouraging book: Its a gift you give yourself. This book is a small book that is liable to render big changes in how you see the world  and how it sees you. Youll want to turn to it over and over again. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927847	Greatest Works Of Rumi	:t: - Ibrahim Gamard	PaperBack	The lyric and wisdom poetry of Mawlana Jalaluddin Rumi has been an inspiration throughout the Middle East and Asia for over seven hundred years. Recently, it has also become popular in Western countries through translations and interpretive poetic versions in English. But while popular renderings have created the appreciation of Rumi the mystic, there is little understanding today of the religious and spiritual traditions from which the great mystic came.Greatest Works Of Rumi  Selections from His Stories, Poems & Discourses examines not the popularized Rumi of universal love but the Sufi disciple whose works express deep reverence for the Prophet Muhammad. Ibrahim Gamard focuses on Rumis place within the Sufi tradition of Islam, as one of the greatest Muslim followers of the Prophet Muhammed, and on the Islamic foundations of his lover-Beloved mystical poetry. By probing verse by verse Rumis spiritual teachings, Gamard provides insight into the mystical side of the Quran and Islam, a religion that holds a deep love of God at its core.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	232p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925692	The Quran: Essential Teachings	Abdur Raheem Kidwai	PaperBack	The Quran: Essential Teachings explains major Quranic terms, concepts, and themes in a simple language. The work is intended to help readers gain a clear idea of the Quranic worldview, particularly the articles of Islamic faith, God-man relationship, reli	2006	Jaico Publishing House	202p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924041	The Last Barrier	Reshad Field	PaperBack	This 25th anniversary edition features a new foreword by Coleman Barks, the foremost modern interpreter of the Sufi poet Rumi, as well as a new preface by the author. Reshad Feild left the aristocratic roots of his native England at an early age to begin a life-long mystical search that took him around the world to Zen monasteries in Japan, the Himalayas in Nepal, Sufi mystics and whirling dervishes in Turkey, and the Gurdjieff and Ouspensky schools in England. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	208p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245661	Krishna: The Man & His Philosophy 	Osho	PaperBack	OSHO continues to inspire millions of people worldwide in their search to define a new approach to individual spirituality that is self-directed and responds to the everyday challenges of contemporary life. His unique perspective encompasses both the timeless wisdom of the East and the highest potential of Western science and technology, and he was named by The Sunday Times of London as one of the 1000 Makers of the 20th Century. The American novelist Tom Robbins has called him the most dangerous man since Jesus Christ. 	1991	Jaico Publishing House	696p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248598	The Revolution: Talks On Kabir	Osho	PaperBack	A new vision is needed in the world - a new vision which will be as scientific as possible and as religious as possible. That I call revolution. The world is waiting for that revolution, the world is hungry for that revolution - where religion and science can disappear into each other, where East and West can become one for the first time, where the materialist and the spiritualist are no more enemies but are holding hands in deep friendship. Because that is what is happening in life itself: matter is holding hands with spirit. The materialist need not be against the spiritualist, nor need the spiritualist be against the materialist. That is stupid. And that stupidity has lasted really too long and man has suffered too much. 	2000	Jaico Publishing House	330p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249519	The White Lotus	Osho	PaperBack	Discourses on Fragmentary Notes of Bodhidharmas Four Disciples The White Lotus is a beautiful symbol. White represents multidimensionality, because white contains all the colors of the spectrum. That is the most strange, unbelievable quality about white: it contains all the colors yet it seems to be colorless. But it contains all those colors in such synthesis, in such harmony, that they all disappear. They dissolve into oneness and that oneness is white. White represents the ultimate synthesis and harmony.And the lotus also is a great symbol, particularly in the East. The lotus represents the essential meaning of sannyas. The lotus lives in the lake and yet the water cannot touch it. it lives in the water and yet remains untouched by the water. The lotus represents the witnessing quality of your being: you live in the world, but you remain a witness. You remain in the world and yet you are not part of it. You participate and yet you are not part of it. You are in the world, but the world is not in you. When you become a calm and cool observer of life you are going to laugh -- not ordinarily laughter but a belly laughter like a lions roar. And white lotuses will start showering on you. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	310p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249527	This Very Body The Buddha	Osho	PaperBack	"Singing and dancing, all is the voice of truth.Wide is the heaven of boundless Samadhi,Radiant the full moon of the foourfold wisdom.What remains to be sought?Nirvana is clear before him,This very place the Lotus paradise,This very body the Buddha." Remember the word 'this'. This very place the Lotus paradise... And once you have known your source, wherever you are, you are in the Lotus paradise.This very place the Lotus paradise,And this very body the Buddha. And whatsoever you do -- whatsoever, without any conditions -- is the expression of truth.	2001	Jaico Publishing House	230p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925560	Tao: The Golden Gate	Osho	PaperBack	Tao seems to be the only life vision which is total. It does not deny the earth, it does not deny the sky. It accepts both, it accepts the unity of both. It says the man who has come to know spontaneous purity and stillness, who has become relaxed with the whole, with the law of the ultimate  in him heaven and earth are united.I believe in the whole. To me to trust the whole is the only way to be holy and to trust the whole is the only way to be whole. And when you are whole, life is bliss, life is benediction, life is celebration. Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	244p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925757	Joking Around	Osho	PaperBack	To be able to celebrate life is religion  in that very celebration you come close to God. If one is able to celebrate, God is not far away; if one is not able to celebrate life, then God does not exist for him. God appears only in deep celebration, when you are so full of joy, that all misery has left you. Osho 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927472	I Am That: Talks On The Isha Upanishad	Osho	PaperBack	What Does The Life Come From, And Where Does It Go?What Is Beyond The Changing?What Are We Striving For?Osho goes into the depths of these eternal questions while speaking on the sutras of the Isha Upanishad  the most ancient words of wisdom available to mankind.For over 35 years, Osho spoke to international audiences of seekers, addressing their essential questions and concerns. The international press calls him A 21st Century Prophet and an oracle of modern times. His books and audio lectures are international bestsellers.Osho himself says that he is neither a prophet nor a philosopher; he is simply sharing his own experience. The Sunday Times of London described him as one of the 1000 makers of the 20th century and American author Tom Robbins has called him the most dangerous man since Jesus Christ  both comments reflecting the profound influence of his revolutionary approach to the science of inner transformation. Spoken with authority, clarity, sharpness and humor, his insights address both the timeless and timely concerns that tend to escape our notice in the clamor and overload of daily life. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	388p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927854	The Great Secret: Talks On The Songs Of Kabir	Osho	PaperBack	This quest has been going on for countless lives. Sometimes you call it the search for truth. But you have never known truth, so how can you lose it? And sometimes you search for God. But your meeting with Him has never taken place, so how can you be separated from Him?You go in search to the temples, to the mosques, to Kashi and to Mecca; you knock on every door you come across in the hope you will find what you have lost. But as long as you do not know exactly what it is you have lost your search cannot be fulfilled. Love is the ability to experience. Love is sensitivity. Love is the experience in which all your impurities are washed away and you throw open all your doors, all your gates. Then whosoever stands at your door is no longer an enemy or a friend but a beloved, and you open your door to him.When you begin to feel the whole world is yours, when you begin to see the beloved in whosoever comes to your door, when you no longer see strangers or enemies, when you begin to see only friends everywhere  when this phenomenon takes place in you, know that you have found love. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	384p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929742	The Hidden Splendor	Osho	PaperBack	Discovering Your Inner BeautyThis book is a pilgrimage in search of that indefinable something that all of us, at some time or other in our lives, feel is missing  what Osho describes as our hidden splendor.You go on missing something  something that you had known but you have forgotten  a faded memory, a lost remembrance. And the gap is not only a gap, it is a wound. It hurts, because you had brought something with your birth into the world and you have lost it somewhere. And it seems impossible to find it in this crowded universe. But unless it happens, your life has been in vain, a misery, a suffering, a futile longing, a meaningless desire, a thirst that you know cannot be quenched. Osho 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	584p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929834	The Razors Edge	Osho	PaperBack	Entering into the UnknownThis question and answer book tells a true story of great trust, love, and humor between Osho and those who have gathered around him again after a long separation. Fresh from their adventures and experiences as seekers alone in the marketplace, this book is full of genuine, pertinent questions and enlightened responses from Osho that will inspire each one of us to live our full potential and risk walking on the razors edge of life.You have taken the first step towards reality, now never look backwards, however dangerous it seems  because as questions and answers and I and you start disappearing, you will find yourself entering into a more and more unknown space. This I call the razors edge. Osho 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	624p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950175	The Last Morning Star	Osho	PaperBack	Talks on the enlightened woman mystic, DayaThe last morning star symbolizes all that is ephemeral in the world. Talking on the playful and provocative poetry of Daya, Osho takes us on a journey from the transient, outer world to the eternal, boundless world within. This is a journey of the heart  the joyous, spontaneous, and at times uncompromising way of an enlightened woman mystic.If someone clings to the last morning star, how long will their happiness last? It is like catching a bubble of water. The bubble will burst before you can even hold it. You can try in thousands of ways to make it stay, but it will not stay. And this is what we are always doing  the whole world does it. What are the things that we try to hold on to? Relationships, attachments, love, our husband or wife, sons and daughters, wealth and riches, fame, position, prestige Osho	2009	Jaico Publishing House	520p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248180	The Bhagavad Gita For Daily Living (3 Vol. Set) PB	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	(3 Volumes) PaperBackIndias timeless, most practical scripture is a manual for everyday use. Ten years in the making, The Bhagavad Gita For Daily Living distills insight and understanding that have made Eknath Easwaran one of the best loved teachers in the world. His translation and verse-by-verse commentary with gentle humour, illustrates Gitas lofty insight with everyday events and contemporary problems familiar to all of us.Vol. I - The End of Sorrow Vol. II - Like a Thousand Suns Vol. III - To Love Is To Know Me 	1997	Jaico Publishing House	1404p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244274	Living Thoughts of Great People	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	This daily reader introduces you to all the important concepts and techniques of leading a spiritual life in todays world. The insights given here are stated in simple words and stresses Easwarans eight point program for meditation and spiritual living.	1996	Jaico Publishing House	384p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245173	Gandhi The Man	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	Eknath Easwaran grew up in Gandhis India. He was in his twenties when he first visited Gandhi to learn the secret of his transformation. The secret not of Gandhi, the political leader, but of Gandhi, the Man. Describing Gandhi as a shy, tongue tied little man, Easwaran brings sensitivity to the spiritual basis of Gandhijis life and stresses Gandhis personal development as a spiritual figure and political innovator. Also presented here are photographs of Gandhiji, that depicts his multifaceted personality.	1997	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245807	Discovering Your Hidden Spiritual Resources	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	Discovering Your Hidden Spiritual Resources is Eknath Easwarans phrase for the spark of divinity hidden in every one of us, regardless of our personal liabilities or past mistakes. He shows how this spark of divinity can energize our lives and points out that love, compassion, meaning, hope and freedom from fear are not qualities we need to acquire instead we simply need to uncover what we already have. He provides instructions in a simple method of meditation that he himself has taught and practiced for more than thirty years.	1997	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245815	1000 Names of Vishnu	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	In India Vishnu is God the Preserver, the Sustainer of life worshipped by millions in his incarnations as Rama and Krishna. The Thousand Names reiterates a single message  the Lord is everything and everywhere. His names evoke the qualities that elevate our lives that is forgiveness, beauty, tenderness, compassion and love. This is a book for daily inspiration, full of personal reminders of what it means to see God in the focus and events of everyday life.	1997	Jaico Publishing House	328p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245823	Sacred Literature Of The World	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	This book is a short, positive, practical selections from the worlds great scriptures and mystics  Christian, Jewish, Hindus, Buddhists, Muslim, Native American chosen by one of the most respected teachers of meditation in the world today. Brief instructions on how to use these powerful selections in meditation are included. The slow, sustained concentration on these passages, Eknath Easwaran writes, drives them deep into our minds. And whatever we drive deep into consciousness that we become. 	1997	Jaico Publishing House	208p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247575	Dialogue With Death	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	Dialogue with Death is not a book on death and dying. It is a book about life and living: what life is for, who we are as human beings, why we are here. Yet it is death that forces these questions on us. If we could live forever, there would be little urgency in finding answers. But the fact is that whatever our age or the status of our health, none of us has time to waste in learning what life is for.We begin to take life seriously when we take death seriously. Otherwise, as Thoreau said, we run the risk of discovering, when we come to die, that we have never lived. This is not a negative observation. It is completely positive, for it brings life into focus. Every moment is precious. There is so little time: not a day to waste on quarreling with those we love, no time for anything that robs our lives of joy, hope, and meaning. Fulfilling the purpose of life becomes our overriding priority, and that brings joy, hope, love, and meaning to us and to those around us. Let this book be your guide.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249861	Your Life Is Your Message	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	Eknath Easwaran has healed thousands of people by teaching them how to live at peace with themselves and their world. Your Life Is Your Message is his seminal work, offering a vision of personal growth that brings together the quest for inner fulfillment, the desire to contribute to the world, and the need to enrich personal relationships. By showing us how interconnected these three are, Easwaran persuades us that making small daily changes in the way we think and live can change the world around us.Practical and inspirational, humorous and profound, Your Life Is Your Message shows readers they can be more loving, more focused, more capable of living out their ideals by providing a set of practical spiritual disciplines to bring about these changes. It is a book that will transform the lives of all who read it. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921549	Love Is God	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	From Everyday Love To Love Of GodOur deepest need is to love completely, universally, without reservation- in other words, to become love itself. Where there is love, everything follows. To love is to know, is to act; all other paths to God are nited in this path of love.In form a verse-by-verse reading of a chapter on devotion from the Bhagavad Gita - the most popular spiritual document of India - Eknath Easwarans words of practical wisdom guide us through the nitty-gritty challenges of everyday love.	2003	Jaico Publishing House	234p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923304	God Makes the Rivers to flow	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	Slow, sustained concentration on these passages, says Eknath Easwaran, drives them deep into our minds. And whatever we drive deep into consciousness,that we become.This collection of sacred literature of the world, selected from the religious traditions of East and West, has the power to change your life.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	336p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925072	The Constant Companion	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	The Lord is everything, everywhere  he dwells in every heartThe Constant Companion is a book of daily inspirations - short, personal reminders that divinity can be found all around us, if we will only look.In each piece, Eknath Easwaran selects one of Indias traditional Thousand Names of The Lord and shows its universal significance: that these are not only names of God, but also aspects of the spark of divinity within us.In the Thousand Names, the Lord is called our Constant Companion, an inner friend whose love and support we can never lose. This book, too, will serve as a constant companion for those who want to see God in the faces and events of everyday life. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	296p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925706	Words To Live By	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	Change Your Life  A Day At A TimeWords have power, as advertisers know. Inspired words have the power to transform lives. In this intriguing collection, spiritual teacher Eknath Easwaran frames the words of brilliant philosophers, poets, and sages with surprising insights that make the wisdom of the ages relevant to our busy world. If we live right today, Easwaran assures us, tomorrow has to be right.This bedside companion provides an easy way for those seeking a spiritual path to get on track. Each days reading is thought-provoking, focused, and applicable  one idea at a time. Consult it every morning to plant an idea that can act as a touchstone for the days events, or refer to it each evening as a way to quiet the mind. Draw it into the busiest life to give yourself a small challenge every day to do better, be better, live life at a higher level. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	400p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925838	Strength In The Storm	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	Big or small, global or personal, stress and challenges are woven into the fabric of our days. Life takes us by surprise, pushing us to the limit and beyond. Stress has become a chronic interference that affects us all, sometimes with devastating results. When a crisis comes were under stress already, simply from the load we carry in our daily lives: family responsibilities, tense relationships, money worries, work pressures, and those incessant, nagging fears about the state of our neighborhoods, our schools, the threat of terrorism, a world at war.For anyone struggling in todays anxious world, Easwaran delivers time-tested, practical skills to reduce frustration, anger, and stress. In Strength In The Storm, Easwaran points out that we cant control the weather outside, but we can control how we respond. By training our minds we can learn to Cope more effectively with the irritations of everyday life Be at our best under stressful, confrontational, and challenging situations Recover more quickly from major stressful incidents Improve relationships and become more patient 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	184p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927298	Take Your Time	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	Life today can feel so fragmented! Often we face enormous pressures both on the work front and at home. Irritable and drained at the end of a long day, we wonder what it was all about. But if we look at our choices through Easwarans eyes, its surprising how quickly we begin to discover patience, peace and meaning. In Take Your Time, Easwaran shows us through his timeless stories that we could try something different next time were feeling stressed.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	208p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928134	Meditation	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	You can realize your idealsThe principle of meditation is simple: You are what you think. By meditating on words that embody your highest ideals, you drive them deep into your consciousness. There they take root and begin to create wonderful changes in your life  changes you have wanted to make, but have not known how to bring about.This book is a complete guide to a program of meditation that fits naturally into your life  even complementing an active religious practice.Eknath Easwaran taught meditation and its application to daily life for more than 30 years.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929506	Timeless Wisdom	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	In this collection of passages for meditation, Eknath Easwaran brings the wisdom of the worlds great saints and sages within our reach.These are powerful, universal wisdom texts that inform and transform. Enjoy them for their poetic and intellectual appeal Or study them slowly, with concentration Or meditate on them, so that the words come to life in your thoughts and actionsThe great saints and sages are the worlds spiritual geniuses  men and women such as the Compassionate Buddha, Francis of Assisi, Teresa of Avila, and the sages of the Upanishads. They come from different faiths, different times, but they all discovered the same changeless reality underlying the shifting world of sense experience. By reminding us of our essential goodness, they give us hope. Through the legacy of their words, they show us what it means to think in freedom, love fully, and see life as it really is. Easwaran chose texts that are positive, practical, and inspiring, that express the universal ideals of love, steadfastness, and wisdom. They can be read as holy words but also as the promptings of our true self, the core of goodness within us. Read this book again and again  and let these saints and sages take you to the heartland of the spirit within.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	232p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950410	The Two Gandhis	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	From a Tradition of Blood RevengeComes One of Historys Greatest PeacemakersWhen Mahatma Gandhi roused millions in a peaceful revolution against colonial rule, Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan seemed an unlikely man to enlist. Yet from the ruthless Pathan tradition in Indians rugged North-West Frontier Province, Khan raised historys first nonviolent army of 100,00 men.Many cautioned Gandhi against involving in his nonviolent struggle these people with such a record of brutality. But under Khans leadership the Pathans proved that it is often those who are capable of great violence who have the courage to stand unarmed against injustice. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950908	The Bhagavad Gita	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	The Bhagavad Gita, The Song of the Lord, is the best known of all the Indian scriptures, and Eknath Easwarans reliable, readable version has consistently been the bestselling translation.Easwarans introduction places the Gita in its historical setting and brings out the universality and timelessness of its teachings. Chapter introductions give clear explanations of key concepts, and notes and a glossary explain Sanskrit terms. The Bhagavad Gita opens, dramatically, on a battlefield, as the warrior Arjuna turns in anguish to his spiritual guide, Sri Krishna, for answers to the fundamental questions of life. But, as Easwaran points out, the Gita is not what it seems  its not a dialogue between two mythical figures at the dawn of Indian history. The battlefield is a perfect backdrop, but the Gitas subject is the war within, the struggle for self-mastery that every human being must wage to live a life that is meaningful, fulfilling, and worthwhile. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	296p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950915	The Upanishads	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	In the ancient wisdom texts called the Upanishads, illumined sages share flashes of insight, the results of their investigation into consciousness itself. In extraordinary visions, they experience directly a transcendent Reality which is the essence, or Self, of each created being. They teach that each of us, each Self, is eternal, deathless, one with the power that created the universe.Easwarans translation is reliable and readable, consistently the bestseller in its field. It includes an overview of the cultural and historical setting, with chapter introductions, notes, and a Sanskrit glossary. But it is Easwarans understanding of the wisdom of the Upanishads, and their relevance to the modern reader, that makes this edition truly outstanding.Each sage, each Upanishad, appeals in different ways to the readers head and heart. In the end, Easwaran writes, The Upanishads belong not just to Hinduism. They are Indias precious legacy to humanity, and in that spirit they are offered here. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	384p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950922	The Dhammapada	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	Dhammapada means the path of dharma, the path of truth, harmony, and righteousness that anyone can follow to reach the highest good. Easwarans translation of this classic Buddhist text is based on the oldest, best-known version in Pali.Easwarans introduction to the Dhammapada gives an overview of the Buddhas teachings that is reliable, penetrating, and clear  accessible for readers new to Buddhism, but also with fresh insights and practical applications for readers familiar with this text. Chapter introductions place individual verses into the context of the broader Buddhist canon. Easwaran is a master storyteller, and the introduction includes many stories that make moving, memorable reading, bringing young Siddhartha and his heroic spiritual quest vividly to life.But Easwarans main qualification for interpreting the Dhammapada, he said, was that he knew from his own experience that these verses could transform our lives. This faithful rendition brings us closer to the compassionate heart of the Buddha.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	280p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950717	The Bhagavad Gita (With DVD)	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	Includes DVD Talks on The Bhagavad GitaWatch Eknath Easwaran - warm, lively, inspiring - discuss timeless messages from The Bhagavad Gita.The Bhagavad Gita, The Song of the Lord, is the best known of all the Indian scriptures, and Eknath Easwarans reliable, readable version has consistently been the bestselling translation.Easwarans introduction places the Gita in its historical setting and brings out the universality and timelessness of its teachings. Chapter introductions give clear explanations of key concepts, and notes and a glossary explain Sanskrit terms. The Bhagavad Gita opens, dramatically, on a battlefield, as the warrior Arjuna turns in anguish to his spiritual guide, Sri Krishna, for answers to the fundamental questions of life. But, as Easwaran points out, the Gita is not what it seems  its not a dialogue between two mythical figures at the dawn of Indian history. The battlefield is a perfect backdrop, but the Gitas subject is the war within, the struggle for self-mastery that every human being must wage to live a life that is meaningful, fulfilling, and worthwhile.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	296p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950724	The Upanishads (With DVD)	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	Includes DVD Talks on The UpanishadsWatch Eknath Easwaran - warm, lively, inspiring - discuss timeless messages from The Upanishads.In the ancient wisdom texts called the Upanishads, illumined sages share flashes of insight, the results of their investigation into consciousness itself. In extraordinary visions, they experience directly a transcendent Reality which is the essence, or Self, of each created being. They teach that each of us, each Self, is eternal, deathless, one with the power that created the universe.Easwarans translation is reliable and readable, consistently the bestseller in its field. It includes an overview of the cultural and historical setting, with chapter introductions, notes, and a Sanskrit glossary. But it is Easwarans understanding of the wisdom of the Upanishads, and their relevance to the modern reader, that makes this edition truly outstanding.Each sage, each Upanishad, appeals in different ways to the readers head and heart. In the end, Easwaran writes, The Upanishads belong not just to Hinduism. They are Indias precious legacy to humanity, and in that spirit they are offered here. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	384p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950731	The Dhammapada (With DVD)	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	Includes DVD Talks on The DhammapadaWatch Eknath Easwaran - warm, lively, inspiring - discuss timeless messages from The Dhammapada.Dhammapada means the path of dharma, the path of truth, harmony, and righteousness that anyone can follow to reach the highest good. Easwarans translation of this classic Buddhist text is based on the oldest, best-known version in Pali.Easwarans introduction to the Dhammapada gives an overview of the Buddhas teachings that is reliable, penetrating, and clear  accessible for readers new to Buddhism, but also with fresh insights and practical applications for readers familiar with this text. Chapter introductions place individual verses into the context of the broader Buddhist canon. Easwaran is a master storyteller, and the introduction includes many stories that make moving, memorable reading, bringing young Siddhartha and his heroic spiritual quest vividly to life.But Easwarans main qualification for interpreting the Dhammapada, he said, was that he knew from his own experience that these verses could transform our lives. This faithful rendition brings us closer to the compassionate heart of the Buddha. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	280p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927311	Personal Excellence Through The Bhagavad Gita	Swami Sukhabodhananda	PaperBack	The Gita teaches us the art of being total. Use your actions in an attitude of karma yoga, use your feelings in devotion in bhakti yoga, use your intellect for right understanding in jnana yoga and use your being in silence in dhyana yoga. The Bhagavad Gita helps us to tune to our inner pure state and denounce the illusion of security. Clarity, courage and wisdom are true security. Bhagavad Gita helps us to learn to draw energy from our inner state and achieve personal excellence.Swami Sukhabodhananda is the founder Chairman of Prasanna Trust. He is also the founder of the research wing of Prasanna Foundation, which focuses on the scientific aspects of meditation. His books have made many discover a new way of living life and his self-development programs have benefitted many in the corporate sectors and reputed institutions. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	164p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925285	Wordless Wisdom	Swami Sukhabodhananda	PaperBack	India TodayWhat he teaches is essentially a mix of psychological, yogic and meditation exercises tinged with the latest management jargon.Business WorldHe is the latest Guru on the corporate scene. And his program on Stress and Creativity are being lapped up by executives from top-notch companies.The Times of IndiaTOI does a poll on who talks the talk best. Swamiji tops the list on all counts. This is one man who has the abillity to reach out to every member in the audience. Swamiji is erudite, often lyrically so. His programs have been consciously designed to suit the widest spectrum of people, to keep metaphysical and semantic speculations to the minimum. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	244p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929797	Shiva Sutras	Swami Sukhabodhananda	PaperBack	Ability is an important tool in life. Ability without commitment and awareness is like a vehicle without the engine. The Shiva Sutra enhances ones awareness in a way one sees an opportunity in a difficulty and not a difficulty in an opportunity. There is an outside reality and an inside reality of ones mind. There is also another dimension called spiritual reality. To harmonize all of them is a great awakening.Ordinary being loves ones own psycho dramas of justification, proving ones point of view, blaming, being helpless and this leads one to a state of inner poverty. To free oneself from these lower states of poverty and see them as errors in ones thinking is part of being effective and experiencing inner prosperity.The profound teaching of Lord Shiva introduces us to A Bigger Container where one learns to be charitable to ones own self. This practice of making A Bigger Container is essentially spiritual.Dive deep into these mystic teachings.Swami Sukhabodhananda 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	250p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925862	Kama Sutra (Inside Pages In 4 Colour)	Deepak Chopra	HardBound	The Kama Sutra is many things: a venerable ancient text of India; a marital aid sneaked furtively into the bedroom; and to many people throughout the ages, a scandal. But now, in an exciting new interpretation of the text, acclaimed author Deepak Chopra reveals that the Kama Sutra can also be read as an enlightening spiritual guide. For the first time, Indias greatest living writer links the universal themes of spirituality with sexuality in a dynamic even controversial way with a brand-new translation of his countrys most cherished text. Deepak Chopra reveals how the Kama Sutra is not only a study of sexual pleasure, but also an inspirational spiritual text that elevates the erotic experience to new heights of ecstasy, and discovers a text that was remarkably modern for its time and one which is as relevant as ever to our lives today.Bestselling author Deepak Chopra links sexuality and spirituality in an exciting new interpretation of the Kama Sutra . Two thousand years after the Kama Sutra was written, Chopra reveals how this surprisingly modern book can be read as an inspirational spiritual text that can help to elevate the erotic experience to new levels of spiritual ecstasy. Beautifully illustrated throughout, Deepak Chopras Kama Sutra is a modern and definitive version of this sacred and popular text. Hardbound | Inside Pages In 4 Colour	2006	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921689	100 Ways to A Stress-Free Life   	G. Gaynor McTigue	PaperBack	Constant rushing. Annoying clutter. Over-scheduled days. Sleepless nights. Nonstop chores, activities, appointments, responsibilities... Enough! Is all this really necessary? Or are you simply making yourself crazy? now you can eliminate the needless stress thats robbing you of happiness and peace of mind ... and take back control of your life.Starting today!100 Ways to A Stress Free Life gives you 100 put-it-right-to-work strategies for untangling the chaos of our high-pressured culture and puts you on track to a saner, simpler, more enjoyable existence. Youll find practical tips and advice for uncomplicating your home life, work, recreation, parenting, entertaining, finances, health, fitness, emotional well-being, community activities, shopping, travel, and much more. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	100p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922529	The Complete Family Medical Guide	Subroto Kundu	PaperBack	In The Complete Family Medical Guide, Dr. Kundu has attempted to make the understanding of the body easier so that an educated person need not be over-awed by this science. A number of questions are answered in simple language which can be understood by the interested lay reader. This illustrative medical guide covers in detail every aspect of an ailment starting from the cause of an illness, the symptoms, to the cure and precaution to be taken. It also warns of the side effects of certain medication, and action to be taken in case of an emergency. Drug profiles have also been included in the final section. The index provided at the end of the book makes it easier for the reader to find the information required. This book will enable an interested person gain more knowledge about the body and how to keep it fit in spite of aging. Timely discovery of an ailment, its cure and finally its prevention are some of the topics dealt with in this book. Stress has been laid on diet and nutrition, eating correctly and at the right times to help ward off a large number of preventable diseases. An entire chapter has been devoted to First Aid, which, given at an opportune moment, has saved more lives than dedicated medical therapy. Useful and important hints have been provided to enable one and all to pursue a wholesome, healthy way of life.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	586p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925099	Longevity: The Golden Years	Dr. M.H. Krishnan	PaperBack	To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living. Aging is a part of our natural growth process. It is the accumulation of our life experiences and changes. This invaluable gift of time can be utilised to its fullest if we take account of it now. Getting older does not have to be bad news. You can grow older with your self-esteem, confidence, and sense of adventure intact, if you discover the secrets of wise and healthy living. It is important to understand the normal aging process so that you can determine what changes are normal and what may be indications of illness. By recognising the normal changes in the body you will be able to take steps to minimise or delay them, and achieve better health. The fastest growing segment of the population - those fifty and above - need an easy to read guide to enhance personal, physical and mental well-being in later years. Towards this end has this book been written. Live long and live well!	2005	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924238	Live Longer	Dr. Harry Alder	PaperBack	Apply 21st century mind-body techniques Add significance and pleasure to your years Extend your life journey Would you like to significantly increase your chances of living longer and turn chronological years into meaningful years? Now you can, by applying the simple, but effective, 21st century mind-body principles revealed in this book. Key life-enhancing areas are addressed, including food, medicine, exercise, lifestyle and the all-important mind-body relationship. Most importantly, you will discover how to add pleasure and purpose to those extra years. Living longer starts now. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	188p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929681	51 Questions to Ask Your Doctor	Elizabeth Drake	PaperBack	The practice of medicine today is very different from the practice of medicine of yesteryear. The one-doctor office has been replaced by a staff of doctors and the office is a hub of activity with several patients waiting to see the same doctor. The amount of time you can talk with your doctor may be brief. No doctor can remember a conversation you had 6 months ago (or longer), your complete physical history from 2 years ago or all the medications you may be taking today.51 Questions to Ask Your Doctor is a simple, practical and up-to-date book that will help you help yourself. Essential questions include: How important is family history to my health? What are the signs of depression? Is it normal to forget as I get older? What should I do if I have lost interest in sex? Would you recommend corrective eye surgery?Your health is in YOUR hands and this is the book to help you manage it the right way! 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240724	Diet Cure For Common Ailments	Dr. H.K. Bakhru	PaperBack	Diet Cure for Common Ailments covers the whole gamut of ailments which can be cured merely by proper food habits and regulation of ones life, without recourse to medicinal treatment. The book is based on the theories and fundamentals of nature cure that go to preserve health and vitality. The complete treatment charts and illustrations given in this book will serve as a useful guide to those who wish to treat themselves through this system at home. 	1988	Jaico Publishing House	378p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242298	A Complete Handbook of Nature Cure	Dr. H.K. Bakhru	PaperBack	This book explains what Nature Cure is all about. The author H.K. Bakhru explains in simple language 95 common disorders, including 13 concerning women, ranging from acne to veneral diseases and prescribes time tested treatment and means of maintaining good health. He also presents facts and theories about nutrition and natural methods of treating diseases. This well illustrated book serves as a guide to students of naturopathy and Nature Cure practitioners.	1991	Jaico Publishing House	694p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172243707	A Handbook of Natural Beauty	Dr. H.K. Bakhru	PaperBack	THE NATURAL WAY TO NOURISH YOURSELFBeauty and health go hand in hand. The finest cosmetics in the world cannot disguise the effects of poor nutrition, lack of sleep and exercise or too much stress. Beauty comes from within and it is reflected in a clear skin, sparkling eyes, glossy hair and a fit, trim body. While it is not possible to change ones features, a lot can be done for attaining other basic elements of true beauty. In this book Dr. H.K. Bakhru has covered all aspects of beauty and prescribed methods for treating various problems connected therewith in a natural way.A Handbook of Natural Beauty is your guide to looking good, feeling good and staying fit the natural way, the healthy way. It will help you discover which food makes you fairer why water will do more for you than any skin cream a delicious way to prevent tooth decay how to prevent your hair from greying and a natural hair dye a humble herb which makes your facial more effective exercises for a healthier, lovelier youand a lot more from the leading expert on Nature Care.	1995	Jaico Publishing House	144p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245149	Nature Cure for Children	Dr. H.K. Bakhru	PaperBack	The most prevalent of all forms of disease are those of infancy and early childhood. The chief causes lies in faulty feeding habits of modern age. Nature Cure for Childrens Diseases will give all the essential tips you require to put your little one at ease. This book will help you discover * What to do when worms infest your childs tummy? * What to do when lice swarm all over your childs head? * How to give a hot water enema? * How to give a massage? Use this alternative ways to treat your child and keep the doctors at bay. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	304p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246293	Naturopathy for Longevity	Dr. H.K. Bakhru	PaperBack	Ever had behavioural problems that adversely affected you or your dear ones health? Healing Through Natural Foods covers the whole gamut of ailments which can be cured merely by proper food habits and regulation of ones life, without recourse to medicinal treatment. The book is based on the theories and fundamentals of nature cure that go to preserve health and vitality and regain these when lost. It will undoubtedly be a boon not only to laymen but also to nature cure practitioners as a reference guide because of its practical utility.The next time some common disease stares you in the face, the solutions are right here, at your fingertips! 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	462p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248601	Healing Through Natural Foods	Dr. H.K. Bakhru	PaperBack	Ever had behavioral problems that adversely affected you or your dear one's health? The next time some common disease stares you in the face, the solutions are right here, at your finertips! Through Miracle Drugs in Natural Foods, discover which common natural herbs/foods can settle an upset stomach, symptoms of depression, etc. Now you can explore the magical world of these amazing natura lfoods based on the latest scientific studies. 	2000	Jaico Publishing House	284p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248318	Indian Spices & Condiments as Natural Healers	Dr. H.K. Bakhru	PaperBack	Spices and condiments are important forms of natural foods. However, besides having culinary uses, they are also utilized for natural healing purposes, perfumes, essential oils, edible restoratives and other components of spices provide significant benefits to human beings. In Indian Spices & Condiments as Natural Healers, Dr. Bakhru describes the medicinal virtues of a variety of spices and condiments. The auhtors easy to understand and detailed descriptions expose readers to the distinctive qualities of specific spices, and their ability to treat common ailments like headaches, colds, migraines and coughs. The information given in this book can assist readers in solving common health problems. In addition, readers will learn how to use spices and condiments as essential ingredients of a well-balanced natural diet.	2001	Jaico Publishing House	188p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927632	Nature Cure For Cancer	Dr. H.K. Bakhru	PaperBack	Cancer is a chronic degenerative disease, and has been prevalent since ancient times. It is the most dreaded disease and refers to all malignant tumour caused by the abnormal growth of a body cell or a group of cells. It is today the second largest killer in the world, next only to heart ailments.This book aims at providing detailed information about cancer; its symptoms, causes, types, and its diagnosis and treatments, both medical as well as natural. It describes how diet can fight cancer and how specific foods can intervene and halt or retard the progress of cancer at various stages of its development. For the benefit of those suffering from this disease, a treatment chart has been given at the end of the book. This feature acts as a support to whatever specialised, medical treatment the patient may be undergoing under expert advice. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	148p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927236	Walking for Health, Fitness, and Sport	Bob Carlson	PaperBack	Walking is the most popular, practical, and least-injurious form of exercise. Walking for Health, Fitness and Sport shows walkers of all levels, from beginners to active racewalkers, how to achieve total body fitness. It offers comprehensive advice on all aspects of walking, from practicing good nutritional habits to learning correct walking form and technique and building endurance for competitive racewalking. Improve your well-being by walking your way to a better lifestyle! 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	290p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172243588	How to Lose Excess Weight Permanently	Dr. R.H. Gandhi & A.R. Gandhi	PaperBack	Lose Excess Weight Permanently discards some of the myths about slimming and weight loss. In this book the authors share their experiences and outline solutions to the problems that fat and obese people face. You will find answers to questions like:Why do I get fat?What is the role of ayurveda in fat loss?Will weight loss increase sex drive?What are the health hazards of fad diets?Will exercise lead to weight loss?What is cellulite?The authors suggest a balanced nutritionally sound 3-meals-a-day eating method to help you eliminate your preoccupation with food. This book explodes half-baked truths and sugar-coated myths on weight loss, based on latest scientific facts. This factual presentation will help you lose weight naturally and permanently. 	1994	Jaico Publishing House	296p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926346	100 Best Weight-Loss Tips	Fred A. Stutman, M.D.	PaperBack	Dr. Stutmans new book, 100 Best Weight-Loss Tips, features a series of effective weight-loss strategies that promote healthy eating habits and an easy, safe, permanent weight-loss system. Dr. Stutman also shows how low carbohydrate diets are extremely dangerous to your health and how these diets invariably lead to rebound weight gain once they are stopped. 100 Best Weight-Loss Tips gives you the necessary building blocks to lose weight quickly, stay fit and firm, and live a longer, healthier life.Fred A. Stutman, M.D. has done extensive research in the fields of exercise physiology, diet, and nutrition at the U.S. Naval Air Development Center and in his private medical practice. Dr. Stutman is the author of eight books on diet, nutrition, and exercise. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	308p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926036	The Crowning Secrets Of Beauty Queens	Jayshree Pathak	PaperBack	It is said that A thing of beauty is a joy forever. It is human nature to be noticed and appreciated, and it is not surprising that the fairer sex desires to be beautiful, a source of attention, appreciation and secret envy. Beauty has acquired new dimensions and an altogether new definition. Beauty, today, engulfs grace, intelligence, a healthy and toned body, and an unmatched poise. This book provides detailed informationthe secret pathways to success, the endless efforts and the hard workthat goes into the making of a beauty queen. This book also provides fashion and health care tips from leading professionals like: Madhu Sapre, Sangeeta Chopra, Gautam Rajadhyaksha, Sabira Merchant, Mickey Mehta, Namrata Shirodkar, Aishwarya Rai, Daboo Ratnani, Diana Hayden, Yukta Mookhey, Aarti Chabaria and others. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	170p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172243219	Yoga For Healing	Dr. P.S. Venkateswaran	PaperBack	Health is a pre-requisite for all attainments in life-spiritual and material, and physical exercise is essential to good health. Among various systems of physical culture, the system of yoga is the most perfect and stands unrivalled. The methods of treatment of diseases by yogasanas lie scattered in many works. This book, which was declared as the second best book on yoga by the Indian Yoga Society in 1982, is a systematic compilation of all the yoga methods for easy and quick reference. It also gives in alphabetical order the diseases and provides appropriate asanas and a few important mudras, bandhas and kriyas which will help cure them. 	1989	Jaico Publishing House	126p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240325	Yoga And Your Heart	Dr. Datey, Gharote & Pavri	PaperBack	This practical book explains in detail the systems of the human body and the techniques of yoga. The authors show in a step-by-step fashion how it is possible to use yoga to combat the tensions of a fast paced life and achieve physical and mental tranquility. A special chapter on Yoga and Heart, breaks new ground in using the ancient art of yoga to combat coronary ailments : the most notorious killer in our times. 	1993	Jaico Publishing House	250p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925668	Hidden Dangers Of Meditation And Yoga	Del Pe	PaperBack	Most of the millions of people practicing meditation or yoga put themselves at risk everyday by not knowing the dangers of meditation. In this unique book, Del Pe reveals secrets about the dangers of meditation not available in any other book, audio or video programs about meditation or yoga. Full of safe and practical meditations, this book will teach you how to meditate safely and effectively and play with your sacred fires without getting burned by applying the science and art of meditation. Learn how to awaken the 3 anchor points of your Soul in your body safely during meditation Discover that you have 12 chakras, not 7, and what it means for your meditation Know what types of meditation are harmful for pregnant women, young children and those with hypertension, heart disease, glaucoma, AIDS and cancer How and why you can be fried by combining meditation and yoga techniques incorrectly Know when your child is too young to do meditation or yoga Understand how smokers, alcoholics and drug users can be helped or harmed by meditation and yoga How to create the right meditation space for your best meditation experience Why you cant achieve spiritual growth or enlightenment without activating your kundalini and sacred fires, and how to do it safely 3 simple methods anyone can use to achieve samadhi, the ultimate meditation experience	2006	Jaico Publishing House	460p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922472	Yoga for Backache	Carrmine Ireene	PaperBack	The art and science of yoga offers a holistic solution to day-to-day living and the problems of a fast-paced mechanical life. This self-explanatory and detailed book guides you through the inner roadmap to heal body-mind-spirit and bring equilibrium, joy and peace. The integral aspect of yoga  the asanas  helps to correct physical disorders and back problems. It also helps restructure the spine and spinal nerves.This book brings to the reader easy-to-follow step-by-step instructions for practice in the privacy of ones own home. Exercises for all spinal problems together with a holistic approach to diet, nutrition, intake of minerals & vitamins are included.The book can be used by therapists, gym instructors, sports enthusiasts and physical trainers. Healthcare specialists will also find this book useful.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922480	Yoga and Diabetics	Carrmine Ireene	PaperBack	Diabetes is a silent killer disease. There is no sure remedy for curing this ailment but the practice of yoga, combined with naturopathy and lifestyle changes will help patients change their outlook towards life.Yoga complements the lifestyle changes that are necessary to keep diabetes under control. It helps you to feel more in control of your health and well-being. Coping with stress is important when dealing with a chronic physical condition. Besides strengthening your will power and concentration yoga also reduces harmful stress reactions which are a major cause of this disease. Yoga, the ancient Indian way of life, shows us an effective way to combat this disease.This book is useful for those suffering from diabetes. It will help them bring in harmony and well-being into their lives. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	200p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922499	Yoga For High Blood Pressure	Carrmine Ireene	PaperBack	The main cause of hypertension or blood pressure is stress and tension. Although blood pressure can be lowered by administration of appropriate anti-hypertensive medication, many patients experience side effects that range from unpleasant symptoms such as headache, dry mouth, lethargy and depression.The relaxation and exercise components of yoga have a major role to play in the treatment and prevention of high blood pressure (hypertension). A sincere, dedicated regular practice will help the body and the mind to co-ordinate in its functions, reducing stress, anxiety, aiding balanced hormonal secretions and normalizing body metabolism. Yogasanas (yoga positions and postures), pranayama, meditation definitely help achieve the mental peace.A section on diet which details all the aspects on food science for coping and controlling hypertension is also covered in this book. The right type of food with a balanced intake of vitamins, minerals and trace elements will help in bringing the pressure under control. The effects combined with diet, yoga, breathing and meditation as a whole last longer and is therefore a suggestive and advantageous method for the modern life. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	220p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929049	Hidden Secrets of Yogic Diet for Weight Loss	Carrmine Ireene	PaperBack	Dont we all love to eat the tastiest of dishes to our hearts content? Yet, each one of us would love to look attractive and remain fit, trim and slim, wouldnt we? Eating may be a great passion but it is as important, if not more, to fight the bulge. Most of us do not realise the need to eat healthy and stay fit until it is too late. The good news is that its never too late to get started on a healthy beginning. When we understand our body clock and learn correct eating techniques depending on our individual body type  our own prakriti  our body is able to assimilate it better so as to get maximum nutrition from it. In this way, we can also maintain a good shape and figure. Hidden Secrets of Yogic Diet for Weight Loss presents a truly unique way to achieve and maintain your weight loss forever. You will learn various ways to keep losing weight through every morsel of food you eat. Additionally, you will also learn how to flush out toxins from your body and cleanse it in a holistic way. You will also find renewed energy to tackle all the excessive weight accumulated over the years. You owe a change into your own outlook towards food, health, weight and energy and this book will help you get a spiritual insight to make a beginning. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923002	Chakras  Wheels of Life	Anodea Judith, Ph. D.	PaperBack	A Users Guide to the Chakra SystemExplore The Sacred Architecture Of Your Body And PsycheAs portals between the physical and spiritual planes, chakras represent the sacred architecture of your body and psyche. This classic introduction to the chakras, which has sold over 100,000 copies, has been completely updated and expanded. In addition to revised chapters on relationships, evolution, and healing, it includes a new section on raising children with healthy chakras.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	478p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245017	Kundalini and the Chakras	Genevieve Lewis Paulson	PaperBack	Each one of us is born with some energy flowing within us. Kundalini is one such evolutionary force that can take us towards spiritual growth. Though increasing number of people are aware of it, they sometimes try to reach it in negative ways which can have adverse effect. This book gives detailed instructions for initiating this cleansing system and provides methods for moderating or holding its release in check.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247583	Kundalini: A Modern View	Darrel Irving	PaperBack	The Modern View of Kundalini - Serpent of Fire is a ground breaking book about Kundalini and its relationship to psychological vitality and spiritual transformation. It tells the reader that Kundalini is more than a spiritual concept, that it is real. It shatters the myths and corrects common misinformation about this evolutionary force - Kundalini.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	252p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927779	Chakra Healing & Karmic Awareness	Keith Sherwood	PaperBack	Energy System Essentials from an ExpertChakra Healing & Karmic Awareness presents a step-by-step program for energy health and spiritual growth. Written for people who have some familiarity with energy work principles, this guide explains karmic attachments and how to remove them, how to activate the higher and lower chakras to strengthen your aura, and how to work with kundalini energy. It even explores the influence of nonphysical beings that get trapped in the human energy field and tells how to safely release them. With the help of this book, you can Discover how your energy system works, and its effect on your health, intimate relationships, and spiritual development. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	312p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929452	Chakra Mantras	Thomas Ashley-Farrand	PaperBack	In Chakra Mantras, Thomas Ashley-Farrand, a preeminent authority on yogic mantras, reminds us that consciousness is anchored to the physical plane. He writes that we all must re-evolve and elevate back up to cosmic consciousness, and he shows us how to do just that. With the help of healing sounds and chakra mantras, we can make the journey back to mind and spirit.Chakras are powerful energy transformers and mantras are energy processing centers in the subtle body along the spine. By working with sound mantras you can activate your secret chakras, which contain the keys to our spiritual progress. Ashley-Farrands knowledge rests upon a solid foundation of the practice of Sanskrit mantras  spiritual formulas of immense and specific influence that are matrices of sound energy and can bring the power represented by gods and goddesses to each of us. If we combine the talent within our spiritual genes with dedication and effort, the promise of those genes can become genius. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244355	The New 3 Minute Meditator	David Harp	PaperBack	The New 3 Minute Meditator provides you 30 simple ways to unwind your mind anywhere and anytime. It expounds on ways of integrating the use of meditation into real-life situation. The book deals with six specific problem areas: tension, anger, self-acceptance, fears, phobias, loss, grief, and feelings of loneliness and emptiness. 	1995	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246242	50 Spiritually Powerful Meditations	Margaret Rogers	PaperBack	Attain advice and find direction through contact with your higher mind and loving souls in spirit. Develop new abilities. Take control of your life! The 50 spiritually powerful meditations in this book will assist you in gaining awareness of your true nature. This awareness will attune, unify and focus all your powers and energies. The author Margaret Rogers advocates personal and spiritual development as the key to success. Divine Healing, Channeling (3 kinds), Chakra Cleansing, Releasing Fears, Control of Conscious Mind, Working with Tools. these are few names of the meditations included in this book. 	1997	Jaico Publishing House	124p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921646	The Art of Meditation	David A. Cooper	PaperBack	The only complete, nonsectarian guide to meditation, The Art of MEDITATION is a comprehensive guidebook to its basic principles and practices. By showing the way to what mystics have experienced for thousands of years, David Coopers accessible, clear advice provides invaluable guidance both for students already studying with a meditation teacher, and for those who want to develop a meditative practice on their own. Drawing from the wisdom of the worlds great spiritual traditions, Cooper teaches basic meditative principles and practices to lead us onto the path of self-discovery. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	254p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927052	Meditations To Energize Your Life	Donna Thomson	PaperBack	Meditations To Energize Your Life is a manual of practical meditations that will help you understand your energy and make effective use of it. You will learn to set boundaries, to conserve energy, prevent energy drain in difficult relationships, and work with anxiety and negative thought patterns. Many of these meditations take only a few minutes, you can do them almost anywhere, and the results might just change your life.Experience the beauty of your own energy. Free your energetic flow so that you can accomplish what you want to do and live the dynamic life you have always envisioned. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928448	The Power Of Rudraksha	Kamal Narayan Seetha	PaperBack	Rudraksha is an ancient bead known for its divinity, positive results on human mind and for good health. The subject is diverse and complex due to variety of opinions and different descriptions available in ancient epics as well as in some recent books. The Rudraksha is greatly respected and revered as Lord Shivas tears  the wearing of which will end sorrows and heal ailments.The Rudraksha is a herb which is good for several diseases as confirmed by the non-clinical trials conducted by Department of Pharmacology, University of Mumbai and sponsored by Rudra Life. This volume is a treasure trove for all who wish to buy and wear the Rudraksha or desire to know more about the bead. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	352p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929810	The Power Of Rudraksha (Hindi)	Kamal Narayan Seetha	PaperBack	Now in HindiRudraksha is an ancient bead known for its divinity, positive results on human mind and for good health. The subject is diverse and complex due to variety of opinions and different descriptions available in ancient epics as well as in some recent books. The Rudraksha is greatly respected and revered as Lord Shivas tears  the wearing of which will end sorrows and heal ailments.The Rudraksha is a herb which is good for several diseases as confirmed by the non-clinical trials conducted by Department of Pharmacology, University of Mumbai and sponsored by Rudra Life. This volume is a treasure trove for all who wish to buy and wear the Rudraksha or desire to know more about the bead.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	336p	Hindi			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928561	An A to Z Guide To Holistic Healing	Cissi Williams	PaperBack	From Asthma to Varicose Veins  an outline of the reasons why dis-ease occurred in the first place, various ways you can take charge and improve your health, including complementary treatments recommended to help the body and the mind in the healing process. Why does one person get sick whilst another exposed to exactly the same virus, germ or bug stay perfectly well? Our body is a mirror of our mind and soul, and by discovering the emotional, mental and spiritual causes of a disease as well as the physical ones, we have more resources to actually heal our bodies instead of merely treating the symptoms. Whilst recognising that allopathic medicine has its place, this useful book enables the reader to take charge of their own health and well-being thanks to a comprehensive listing and description of the complementary treatments available for specific conditions. Pills and surgery do not always cure the underlying problem and can create new symptoms and side effects. Complementary therapies  ranging from homeopathy, aromatherapy, Bach flower remedies, osteopathy, energy healing, hypnotherapy and many more  can help where allopathic methods fail or bring only partial results, because they take a more holistic view of the whole person that you are.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	204p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927731	Tantra Of Sound	Jonathan Goldman & Andi Goldman	PaperBack	Sound is the fundamental creative force in the universe, bringing order to chaos, offering health and wellness. Tantra of Sound is a first-of-its-kind book that introduces the emerging field of sound healing into the realm of intimate relationships.Sound-healing pioneer Jonathan Goldman has teamed with his wife, Andi, a holistic psychotherapist, to create a unique and innovative approach to developing self-awareness. Emphasizing the science of sound healing for relationships and personal growth, they show you how to create the life and loving relationship youre longing for.Beginning with the practical understanding of tantra, the Goldmans clarify the ancient spiritual traditions by including basic meditations and a series of powerful toning exercises designed to activate the chakras and expand consciousness.With its clear, concise information and carefully chosen guided exercises, Tantra of Sound will help you discover yourself and your personal relationships anew. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	204p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925935	Improve Your Vision: Your Guide to Clearer Inner Vision	Martin Brofman	PaperBack	Thousands have found improved vision through the Brofman method as explained in Improve Your Vision  Your Guide to Clear Inner Vision. But this isnt just a book about eyesight; it is also a book about insight into who you really are and how you can lead a happier more fulfilled life by being true to yourself. Martin Brofman provides a practical program for anyone seeking clarity on all levels. He explores the character traits shared by people with similar eyesight issues and offers sound practical advice and exercises for anyone interested in seeing more clearly. Discover how to tackle the stress that creates impaired vision while also unlocking your own personal potential. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	168p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926109	Anything Can Be Healed	Martin Brofman	PaperBack	This is a book for the rest of the population, those who are occasionally or frequently plagued by dis-ease, be it minor or major, acute or chronic. This is a how to book filled with techniques that can be used by anyone  professional healers, practitioners, therapists and their clients alike. Martin Brofman has developed a system of healing that effectively and seamlessly blends Western psychology and Eastern philosophies. His groundbreaking work on chakras and their connection to both mind and body allows us to read the body as a map of the consciousness, tracking routes from symptoms through to causes and then working with them. Learn these techniques and you may well nip in the bud potential future ailments, too. Anything Can Be Healed explores the ideas that how we are physically is a reflection of who we are and how our life is. It empowers us to make changes and to take responsibility for our health and well-being. Martin is living proof of the power of his own techniques. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	214p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248113	Practical Ayurveda	Atreya	PaperBack	Practical Ayurveda' gives an excellent introduction to the system of Ayurveda in a concise, direct and easy to understand manner. The book provides constitutional test with useful methods for self diagnosis and balancing the humors. It discusses the health benefits of good sexual relationships, clarifies the spiritual principles and provides a broad and flexible perspective on this ancient healing system. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	254p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920550	Ayurvedic Cooking	Shanti Gowans	PaperBack	Ayurvedic Cooking We are in an era where people are taking a more spiritual and respectful approach to their bodies. Be more aware  more in tune with your bodys inner voice. Your goal is to develop your own individual immune system to such a degree that the body becomes its own best physician. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	168p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920569	Ayurveda for health & Well-Being	Shanti Gowans	PaperBack	The term Ayurveda means The Science of Life. It comes from the Sanskrit words Ayur meaning life, and Veda meaning knowledge or science. Having served humanity continuously since time immemorial, Ayurveda is an encyclopedia of ancient wisdom, natural laws and hidden secrets of life. Ayurveda is the healing answer for the new millennium, with its mind-body wisdom enabling us to live magically every day. Ayurveda demonstrates a way for each of us to live in our minds and bodies with greater harmony, understanding, health, intimacy and grace.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	200p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246560	Healing with Herbs	Judith Hoad	PaperBack	Healing With Herbs' lists the most commonly found herbs and their lucrative powers. It looks at the use of herbs as a form of medicine since ancient times, shows how to identify, pick and store herbs, provides basic recipes for a herbal medicine chest and explains first aid procedures.	1997	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246579	Healing with Homeopathy	Peter Chappell  & David Andrews	PaperBack	Homeopathy is a form of complementary medicine in which natural substances, derived from minerals, animals and plants are used on the principle of like cures like. It offers holistic approach to health and is gentle, safe and effective. This book introduces a wide range of homeopathy techniques and helps you to learn how to make the most of them. All the titles which contains diagrams and case studies wherever appropriate are written by professional practitioners with many years of experience. 	1997	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249616	Handbook of Homoeopathy	Dr. Shirin Wadia	PaperBack	Homoeopathy is no new science. Its efficacy is accepted all over the world and more and more people are turning towards it, especially in these times when food adulteration, pollution, adverse drug reactions and so on are facts of eveyday life.This book describes how the application of homoeopathy and the homoeopathic method ca nhelp readers to take care of their own health and the health of their families. She provides detailed descriptions and prescriptions by which readers can use homoeopathy to address common ailments like wounds, cramps and fatigue and chronic illnesses like acne, anal fissures, spondylosis and tooth decay.Patients, practicing homeopaths, consultants, students, housewivews and mothers-to-be will all find the contents of this book invaluable. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	264p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923738	Simple Meditation & Relaxation	Joel Levey & Michelle Levey	PaperBack	Simple Path To Finding Peace Of MindWhen life turns busy and demanding, you find yourself craving calm and relaxation. The perception, however, is that relaxation techniques are complex and time-consuming. Not so, according to Joel and Michelle Levey, trailblazers in the field of meditation and mind-body work. In this clear and accessible guide, they distill their unique meditation methods into easy-to-learn practices that release energy, focus attention, and produce a lasting sense of peace and clarity. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923746	Simple Numerology	Damian Sharp	PaperBack	Like astrology, numerology can be a tool for understanding the souls and the personalitys journey through their evolution, for every person has his or her own master number, soul number, and many other digits of destiny. Starting with your name number, you can determine your true outer nature. Move on to your birthpath number and discover the hidden traits and talents that are yearning to be developed and revealed. A compatibility chart is included to help you better understand the relationships in your life. Simple Numerology will show you how to do the math of life for love, success, and fulfillment. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	144p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927816	Exploring Auras	Susan G. Shumsky	PaperBack	Do you now want more energy, well-being, clarity, and peace of mind? Because in the new, revolutionary Exploring Auras, you will discover extraordinary breakthroughs about the human energy field that are unavailable anywhere else. Through this powerful, informative, practical book, you will discover, experience, cleanse, and strengthen auric fields through amazingly simple methods that produce powerful results instantly. You will learn how to: Develop subtle sensory perception to see or sense auras  Overcome psychic-sponge-syndrome, over-sensitivity, and psychic vampirism Develop spiritual self-defense, auric protection, and self-reliance Increase power, balance, focus, and clarity in your energy field Heal and release dense vibrations in your environment Release attachments and addictions crystallized in your energy field Cut psychic ties and cords to create healthier relationshipsAnd much, much more! 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248458	Conversations With A Spirit	Dolores Cannon	PaperBack	Dolores Cannon has accumulated information about the death experience and what lies beyond, through 16 years of hypnotic research and past-life therapy. While revealing these experiences hundreds of subjects reported the same memories when experiencing their death, the spirit realm and their rebirth. Recorded and dictated word for word, the subjects reveal enlightening wisdom that is hidden in the subconscious of all humankind. 	2000	Jaico Publishing House	248p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923207	Practical Guide To Past-life memories	Richard Webster	PaperBack	The human soul is eternal, and though physical death marks the end of one life, it heralds a transition to the next. To help us focus on the lessons of our current life, most of us are born without conscious memory of what came before.When the time is right, past-life memories can be beneficial. They can reveal our lifes purpose and help heal current wound. Conscious past-life recall can also help you clear karmic imbalances and discover latent skills and talents carried over from previous lifetimes.Because one past-life regression method does not always work for everyone, Richard Webster presents twelve different techniques for investigating your past lives, including: dreaming of your past lives, scrying, hypnotic regressions you can do alone or with a partner, and exploring the Akashic records.Whether you seek to release old traumatic experiences that may be affecting your health and happiness in this lifetime, or youre simply curious about who you have been throughout the ages, this practical guidebook has everything you need to explore your souls past.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	262p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921522	Reincarnation: True Cases of Children Who Have Lived Before   	Trutz Hardo	PaperBack	In this book children from England and the rest of Europe, the U.S.A, Lebanon, South Africa, Israel, India, Brazil, Sri Lanka and Turkey remember their past lives. Scientists - most notably Professor Ian Stevenson, Director of the Division of Personality Studies at the Health Sciences Center at the University of Virginia - report on how their stories are then followed up to verify that the childrens memories are correct.Especially convincing are the cases of children born with missing limbs who are able to describe exactly where and when they lost these limbs in a past life. They also often know precisely who their parents and rlatives were and where they lived. When the childrens statements are subjected to scientific verification, they are invariably confirmed in every detail. Through these investigations, reincarnation is proved to be more than a belief or a philosophy, having been categorically proven through the statements of children. The scientific evidence, as presented in this book, shows reincarnation to be the truth and all religions and philosophies will have to swiftly encompass these ideas into their existing concepts to maintain any credibility. We will all be talking and thinking about rebirth as a fact of life. The concept of reincarnation belongs to the future and this is only the beginning.Trutz Hardo is the most well-known expert on reincarnation and regression therapy in Germany. He holds seminars in Europe, Australia and the U.S.A. He has appeared on several television programmes.	2003	Jaico Publishing House	248p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925927	The Karma Handbook	Trutz Hardo	PaperBack	Through numerous fascinating case histories, this book comprehensively explores the relationship between karma, disease and healing. This book will help you to understand the Karmic law and its effect on your present life. By understanding karma you will be able to overcome its after-effects and often even to experience an immediate release from its symptoms! The first part of the book introduces the reader to Indian thought on karma in general. The second part gives the reader a short introduction to regression therapy, helping him or her to understand the third part better. The third part shows the effects of the law of karma by demonstrating them on 31 cases of regression therapy. The fourth part is based on the insights gained from regression therapy. In this part the author has collected different previously known forms of karma, supplemented them by various new forms arising through experiences with regression therapy, and catalogued them in 23 different types.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	360p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950069	30 Most Convincing Cases Of Reincarnation	Trutz Hardo	PaperBack	In your hands is a book which dares to suggest that after reading it you will no longer be the same person as you are now, at least as far as your outlook on life is concerned. At the end of the year 2000, reincarnation has finally been proven. The famous psychiatrist Professor Ian Stevenson M.D. has scientifically proven that reincarnation is a fact. A number of case histories substantiate this claim. Some of these have come from children and adults who remembered their past lives, their memories later having been proven to be accurate. Others were retrieved by means of regression techniques.The interest in reincarnation is growing yearly. Today we no longer need to believe in it, since reincarnation has been scientifically proven, just as the law of gravity was proven some time ago. We are now able to know that it is possible to return to earth repeatedly. What was until recently a belief for millions of people has now been discovered to be the truth. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	208p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927243	The Spiritual Science of Numerology	Shiv Charan Singh	PaperBack	Numerology is perhaps the oldest of the divination arts and at the heart of many religious systems. The Spiritual Science of Numerology provides the real spiritual base for the use of numbers, illustrating why they have their own integrity. It explains why they relate to particular psychological states and shows how they can be used for diagnosing lifes problems and to provide solutions. It shows how numbers are a mirror of our very essence, explaining the relevance of time cycles and dates of birth.As an offering of the formula behind all formulas, it offers no quick fixes, but presents numerology as a multi-faceted jewel that you will want to refer to again and again in your life. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241003	Miracles of Numerology	Dr. M. Katakkar	PaperBack	The study of Numerology has its own principles, its alphabets, its languages, its terminology and its significance. In the pages of this book, Dr. M. Katakkar explores the occult significance attached with numbers. It is an authentic and comprehensive book on the mystery of numbers as revealed by the ancient masters and covers all available knowledge on the subject based on authors long study and research for over four decades. This book will serve as an important reference book to all students of numerology and a handy guide to laymen interested in searching for answers to their questions through the science of numerology. 	1989	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926583	Encyclopedia of Numerology	Dr. M. Katakkar	PaperBack	You have now, for the first time an authentic and comprehensive book on the mysteries of numbers revealed by the ancient masters. This book is therefore the final word on numerology and a powerful key to the shaping of your destiny.Encyclopedia of Numerology explores how we can prosper in life by utilizing the power of our ruling number or by making a slight change in the spelling of our name. The author explains lucidly how a particular day or the month or the year is for us. Similarly the book assists us in selecting our life partner, as well as getting good luck in lottery or in horse racing and above all, how to find out things lost. The author has ably handled many such mysteries in this book. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248024	Chinese Numerology	Richard Webster	PaperBack	Chinese Numerology teaches you the traditional system still practised throughout the East, where Chinese astrology, Feng Shui and I Ching also originated. It is the quickest and easiest method of character analysis ever devised. Here you will be able to build a complete picture of a person from his birth date and will be able to erect and interpret numerology charts in three different ways. Infact, with a small amount of practice, you will be able to do this mentally without the necessity of writing anything down. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927762	The Benham Book Of Palmistry	William G. Benham	PaperBack	When it was originally published (as The Laws of Scientific Hand Reading), Benhams book immediately transformed the image of palm reading from a hucksters trick to a practice with a firm scientific basis. It quickly became an essential reference work for anyone serious about palm reading. The Essential Work shows and explains all facets of palmistry thoroughly in language anyone can understand.The Essential Work brings Benhams original text back in print. It also updates many of the graphics, (more than 400 illustrations and photographs), which have become obscured through numerous printings. Benhams words remain as viable today as they were 100 years ago, as they form the foundation of modern palmistry.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	384p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242247	Dictionary of Palmistry	J.S. Bright	PaperBack	Kings and prophets of old were devoted to the mysteries of this science. Palms are the true index of ones personality, virtues and vices, and palmistry can unfold the dramatic story of career and character. Here is a book that answers a long-felt need  A Dictionary of Palmistry, the first of its kind in India and the world, designed to meet the requirements of a beginner as well as an expert in the subject. With the text augmented by easy-to-follow diagrams, the entire presentation becomes a very interesting essay on the unknown. 	1959	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242697	The Complete Encyclopaedia of Practical Palmistry	Marcel Broekman	PaperBack	A must for anyone looking for a straightforward, comprehensive introduction to the ancient art of palmistry. This practical guide enables even a complete novice to read and interpret the lines and markings on the palm. Designed virtually as a step-by-step exploration of the hand, the book includes all lines and markings concerned with events, looks at those indicating character and potential, deals with specific questions about love, marriage or achievement and explains how to find the answers. 	1988	Jaico Publishing House	200p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242220	Practical Palmistry: A Comprehensive Guide	Dr. G.F. Xavier	PaperBack	This book is a product of 25 years of authors intense thinking and extensive research on this subject. It is a book that opens new vistas to mans understanding of one another by reading the Lines and Mounts of palms which apparently provide information relating to psychological dispositions, health indications and vocational aptitudes of human beings. It will be of immense value to counsellors, teachers, parents, palmists and others who are deeply involved and interested in the development of human personality. Translated Into Russian 	1990	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241488	Encyclopaedic Dictionary of Palmistry	Dr. M. Katakkar	PaperBack	Encyclopaedic Dictionary of Palmistry is an attempt to prove the utility of Palmistry in our day-to-day and practical life by establishing the relation of palmistry with medicine and vocational guidance. It is the first authentic work on the science of palm reading in the form of a dictionary. The Encyclopaedia is divided into 3 alphabetical indices; General, Vocational Guidance and Medical Palmistry. All the signs and lines pertaining to any one are gathered together so that information regarding that subject can be available at a glance. Suitable illustrations give added weight to this researched volume. Translated Into Russian 	1989	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922553	Instant Palmistry	Dr. M. Katakkar	PaperBack	Here is one of the most fascinating and authentic works ever produced on the interpretation of lines on the palm.There is a hidden meaning for every line that appears on the palm and the author has explored the occult significance attached to each line and sign. Napoleon had said: Perhaps the face can deceive but never the hand. This book is a concrete proof of what he said.The study of palmistry needs tenacity and patience and sometimes a guru (teacher). But with this book you can study the abstruse subject of palm-reading at ease and in your leisure time. This book describes all the essentials of the subject which you can easily pick up. Translated Into Russian 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	156p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928677	A to Z Of Palmistry	Judith Hipskind Collins	PaperBack	Hands reflect the whole person: their motivation, personal needs, temperament, and spirit. Analyzing hands to better understand ourselves and others is what palmistry is all about. In A to Z Of Palmistry, Judith Hipskind Collins shares her knowledge of palmistry and explains why hand analysis works. This trusted guide includes over 185 illustrations and features a unique palmistry dictionary of more than 250 personality and character traits, along with their corresponding physical features. It also includes a complete interpretation and analysis of three actual palm prints.Suitable for both beginners and professional palmists, this book shows how to read and interpret every facet of the hand  the shape, gestures, flexibility, mounts, fingers, lines, and nails  and then synthesize the various factors in a holistic and positive way, focusing on using the information in a constructive manner. A to Z Of Palmistry even includes tips on finding a reliable palmist.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	264p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242867	Astrology	Dhamankar & Lagu	PaperBack	Every human being is curious to have a peep into his future. He is naturally anxious to know the eventful periods of his life in advance. It is for this reason that he resorts to various means such as astrology, palmistry and numerology. Of these astrology is the most universal. This is a complete and illustrated guide to the basic principles of astrology. It gives methodical instructions to enable anyone to cast and interpret a horoscope with accuracy. Its content include the signs of Zodiac houses and interpretation of the birth chart and other related topics. 	1984	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240821	Star Signs Includes Numerology & Chinese Astrology	Bejan Daruwala	PaperBack	Bejan Daruwala, one of the greatest astrologers and psychics of our time pens down this book on Star Signs, Numerology and Chinese Astrology. This book features sun-signs in detail and numerology for everyone. It blends Chinese and Western Astrology, tells something about history, lore and use of gems, and an article on gifts for all the 12 signs. Here in short is Gods plenty. Amongst his predictions, the noteworthy ones were the release of Nelson Mandela and the fall of Margaret Thatcher which appeared in the magazine Eves Weekly, January 20, 1990. 	1991	Jaico Publishing House	264p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240643	Handwriting Analysis	Andrea McNichol	PaperBack	Welcome to the world of graphology. Now anyone can learn to aAnalyze handwriting. Andrea McNichol takes the mystery out of graphology through a series of interactive workbook style exercises that are easy to follow, fun to do and so expertly structured that anyone can begin using the principles of handwriting analysis quickly and accurately. Her widely acclaimed step-by-step approach is based on years of experience working with law enforcement agents, business executives, lawyers and educators. 	1992	Jaico Publishing House	344p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248016	Handwriting Analysis: A Complete Self-Teaching Guide	P. Scott Hollander	PaperBack	People are difficult to read. It can take years before you truly understand a persons motivations, intentions, or personality traits. However, when you learn to analyze someones handwriting, you can discover all this and more. Simply follow the procedures in Handwriting Analysis, if you take a sample of anyones handwriting you can do a complete analysis of that persons character and personality. With clear, concise explanations and thorough treatment of the many aspects of graphology, this book is a valuable learning tools for all those interested.	2000	Jaico Publishing House	332p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241224	Mahatma Gandhi	Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan	PaperBack	This book is a tribute to the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi. The entire collection is a veritable depository of the greatness of a man who has influenced the modern world. This book will impress upon you the fundamental unity between Gandhijis theory and practice which is his challenge and message to the contemporary world. Some of Gandhijis most distinct and famous speeches are brought together in an appendix in this volume.	1957	Jaico Publishing House	582p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179926956	Jawaharlal Nehru	Frank Moraes	PaperBack	Jawaharlal Nehru has won the admiration of the people of India and the world as a national leader, as a writer, as a humanist etc. Anyone who wishes to understand the controversial aspects of his personality would do well to peruse this biography. This work also traces the history of the freedom movement in India.The occasional glimpses of the family life of Nehru are enlivening. He was the most remarkable statesman, a man who enthralled everyone with his magical personality; a leader who was literally hero-worshipped and an orator of the order, who, once he climbed the rostrum and took the microphone in his hand, became one with the audience and held them spellbound. The colourful and complex personality of Nehru is viewed through Indian eyesa fact which makes the book all the more interesting. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	540p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245173	Gandhi The Man	Eknath Easwaran	PaperBack	Eknath Easwaran grew up in Gandhis India. He was in his twenties when he first visited Gandhi to learn the secret of his transformation. The secret not of Gandhi, the political leader, but of Gandhi, the Man. Describing Gandhi as a shy, tongue tied little man, Easwaran brings sensitivity to the spiritual basis of Gandhijis life and stresses Gandhis personal development as a spiritual figure and political innovator. Also presented here are photographs of Gandhiji, that depicts his multifaceted personality.	1997	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244010	Subhash Chandra Bose	Hugh Toye	PaperBack	Hugh Toyes study of Subhash Chandra Bose is valuable on three counts : as a history of a little known facet of World War II, as a study in Anglo Indian relations over a vital period, and as a study of the new kind of leaders in Asia. The story of Boses life is of absorbing interest, and the author makes him live in all his idealism, fiery nationalism, political astuteness and over riding arrogance. 	1991	Jaico Publishing House	260p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950502	Mein Kampf (With DVD)	Adolf Hitler	PaperBack	Includes Internationally Acclaimed FilmHITLER: A CAREERBy Joachim C. Fest & Christian HerrendoerferMEIN KAMPF is perhaps the only notable work written in two volumes by Adolf Hitler, in 1924. Hitler was arrested when he took out a mass demonstration in favour of national unity for the formation of a socialist German state. He was tried by the Peoples Court in Munich and subsequently, imprisoned for thirteen months where he wrote the first volume. The second volume was written after he was released.He was highly influenced by two people, who were apparently the main architects of his mental aberration. One was Dr. Leopold Potsch, who taught him German Political History, and the other was Dr. Jorg Lanz Van Liebenfels, a defrocked monk who founded the Temple of the New Order, and whose theories stated that the world belonged to the fair skinned and the superior Aryan race, and all others belonged to sub-human culture.Mein Kampf will give you an insight into one of the greatest evil geniuses of the last century; his political ideals, his beliefs and motivation, and his struggle to consolidate Germany into one great nation, and a Nazi-Third Reich.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	636p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240740	Adolf Hitler	James Bunting	PaperBack	There can be little doubt that Adolf Hitler changed the lives of everyone who lived in Europe and altering the lives of future generations throughout the world. No one has ever attracted more attention from biographers and historian than Adolf Hitler. This short book is an outcome of the conversation taken place between the author, James Bunting and the tyrant Hitler. It shows how and for what reason this non-descript, ill-educated son of simple parentage became ruler of a country and one of the worst tyrants the world has ever known. 	1976	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242794	Napoleon	Emil Ludwig	PaperBack	Napoleon is one of the most illuminating figure in modern history. He was a man of extraordinary qualities and at the same time suffered from extraordinary failures. His ambition was power, his dream, a vast empire and his passion, wars and victories. Here is a story of the great French Revolution from which this brilliant commander emerged and of intrigues that surrounded him which led to his downfall. He was dauntless in his striking military campaigns, mighty wars and conquests.	1957	Jaico Publishing House	656p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242875	Autobiography of an Unknown Indian  	Nirad C. Chaudhuri	PaperBack	Nirad C. Chaudhuri, Indias most controversial writer, was born at Kishorganj in East Bengal on 23rd November, 1877. Brought up in an intellectual environment, by his father a lawyer and his mother, an uncomprising Puritan, he was profoundly influenced by them in his formative years. In this autobiography he gives chapter-by-chapter account of his life: his birth place, his parents, his experiences and adventures. He talks about the race of Indian renaissance, nationalism, politics and takes us through the roads of Calcutta where he spent 32 years of his life. By writing an essay on the course of Indian History, he regards this book as a contribution to contemporary history.	1964	Jaico Publishing House	580p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924017	Hitler & The Nazi Leaders	John K. Lattimer	PaperBack	Dr. John K. Lattimer, an American physician, attended, observed and spoke on a personal basis with the 22 top Nazi leaders on trial at Nuremberg. For the first time, he now shares revelations gleaned from conversations about life  and death  at the highest levels of the Third Reich, not to mention the relationship eac defendant had with Adolf Hitler. Throughout the chapters are hundreds of photographs, many never before published, of documents and artifacts belonging to Hitler, Goring, and other Nazis.John K. Lattimer, M.D., Sc.D., F.A.C.S., is professor and chairman Emeritus of the Department of Urology at the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University, a one-time trustee of the Presbyterian Hospital, and a renowned surgeon. He is the author of 375 scientific articles as well as books and articles on the Lincoln and Kennedy assassination. He resides in New Jersey. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925773	M.V. Kamath A Journalist At Large	M.V. Kamath, :c: Kalindi Randheri	PaperBack	M.V. Kamath, with four decades of rich and varied experiences, has traveled the world with an eye for people and a nose for news. He has met an amazingly wide range of characters from all walks of life  from royalty to Nobel laureates, from film and theatre personalities to statesmen and politicians. His meetings have resulted in this collection of anecdotes  some sad, some outright funny, and some simply staid. His writing in no way borders on gossip, but rather delves into the humanity of each subject. Journalism opened up vast avenues for M.V. Kamath. He lived a life of pleasant surprises, wondering what the next day held for him. The short pieces in this book are a minute collection of material that would probably fill up 10 such books. However, this collection powerfully conveys his experiences of pain and joy that run through all his encounters. He views both these universal experiences as ephemeral. This fleeting aspect of life binds each anecdote to the other, thus elevating story-telling to a fine art, that doesnt sound forced or acquired, and comes straight from the heart. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	270p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926303	Hitler The Man And The Military Leader	Percy Ernst Schramm, Eddited, Translated & With An Introduction By Donald S. Detwiler	PaperBack	Percy Ernst Schramm, one of Germanys most distinguished historians, had exceptional access to Adolf Hitler because from January 1943 to the end of the war he was the Fhrers official war diarist. This classic volume, long out of print, contains the introductions written by Schramm to critical editions of Hitlers Table Talk and the official War Diary of the High Command of the Wehrmacht. In addition, there are two appendices: the first consisting of excerpts from a study composed by Schramm for the Nuremberg Trials on relations between Hitler and the General Staff; the second a memorandum written by General Jodl in 1946 on Hitlers military leadership. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	218p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927120	The Other Face Of The Moon	Asha Mir	PaperBack	Finding My Indian FamilyAdopted at seven years old from an Indian orphanage into a family from Barcelona, Asha returned to the country of her birth 20 years later. This was no ordinary trip, but to learn about her past and meet the nuns who took care of her as a child. Through conversations, she began to realise what life might have been like had she not been adopted. Slowly, she uncovered the truth about her birth family and felt she had reclaimed the Indian part of herself. Then, as she tried to fill in the remaining gaps in the mystery, she met the sister she never knew she had  the other Asha, living in an Indian village.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	244p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927502	Martin Luther King, Jr.: Jaico Great Lives Series	Roger Bruns	HardBound	There has been recent controversy in the African American community about youth and their lack of appreciation for the gains of the civil rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s. This stellar biography is a superb introduction to the foremost leader of the civil rights movement. The story and historical context will be eye-opening for students and a good refresher for others who are too young to have remembered the events. In a gripping narrative style, the biography traces the young Martin, the son and grandson of formidable preachers, to his calling as a minister too, but one who would take on the entrenched racism of the South, and North, through a nonviolent movement that changed the course of American history.Kings story is compelling, starting from his early nurtured family life in an insular community of blacks in Atlanta. His education at Morehouse College, Crozer Theological Seminary, and Boston University and courtship of Coretta Scott lead into the early days of the civil rights movement and Kings leadership role in the major marches, demonstrations, boycotts, and sit-ins that took place, mainly in the South. Critical insight into the Kennedy and Johnson Administrations is given as King negotiates with the presidents for equal rights for blacks. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	174p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927519	Albert Einstein: Jaico Great Lives Series	Alice Calaprice & Trevor Lipscombe	HardBound	Albert Einstein remains one of most famous scientists in world history. His image is instantly recognizable by even the most scientifically uninformed personfor many people, Einstein personifies genius. But who was Einstein really? What was he like as a person? What did his science actually mean? This fresh biography of Albert Einstein provides students and general readers a concise, accessible introduction to the life and science of this revolutionary man. Underneath his genius, Einstein was an ordinary person, with human frailties and weaknesses, but also with charm, modesty, a wry sense of humor, and idiosyncrasies. Readers will understand why he was named the Person of the Century. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	188p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927526	Stephen Hawking: Jaico Great Lives Series	Kristine Larsen	HardBound	Few scientists are as recognizable as Stephen Hawking. Despite having Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (Lou Gehrigs disease)an affliction that many experts expected to have killed him decades agoHawking remains a vital and influential voice in the scientific community. One of the leading cosmologists studying the celestial phenomenon known as black holes, Hawking has also led the way in popularizing science with his best-selling work A Brief History of Time. This biography of Hawking, written by a physicist, provides an accessible introduction to the life and work of an inspirational figure.Stephen Hawking: A Biography provides an overview of the life and work of this brilliant scientist that can be read and appreciated by students and lay people alike.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	188p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927533	Oprah Winfrey: Jaico Great Lives Series	Helen S. Garson	HardBound	The name and the face of Oprah Winfrey are instantly recognizable to just about every person in the United States. To millions of people around the world, Oprah is the embodiment of American spirit and entrepreneurial success; hers is a rags-to-riches story come to life. While there is a near continual barrage of information in the media about this larger-than-life woman, this biography takes readers past all the hype and hyperbole and presents a candid, balanced portrait of the flesh-and-blood woman herself. This well-researched personal profile presents a realistic yet intimate portrait of Oprah that neither canonizes nor demonizes her.The dramatic events in her life, both the struggles and the successes, are detailed with factual accounts that guide readers through the complex, and sometimes controversial, course of Oprahs life from her childhood in Mississippi, to her current position of extraordinary success. This penetrating book chronicles for readers the significant people and events that have had the greatest impact on Oprah personally and professionally. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927540	Mother Teresa: Jaico Great Lives Series	Meg Greene	HardBound	In this new biography, students will follow Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu from her humble Albanian birth to worldwide celebrity as Mother Teresa. The nun who attended to the dying and diseased in Calcutta, India, and established her Missionaries of Charity around the world is revealed to have a singular determination from a young age. As a woman in the patriarchal Catholic system, she had to prove to the hierarchy, even the Vatican, that she was capable of handling each project she proposed. Her vision to live and work among the poorest of the poor led to the founding of a new order that tended to societys outcasts.This biography suggests that Mother Teresa transcended her ordinariness with a belief that she was called to her lifes work. When her work brought Mother Teresa unsought fame, she used it to further her causes. In a global age, celebrity worship allowed her to work the system, and she became an icon of service and selflessnessyet her human flaws remained behind the saintliness. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	170p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929650	The Dalai Lama: Jaico Great lives series	Patricia Cronin Marcello	HardBound	The Dalai Lama is both the living conscience of the Tibetan people and an internationally respected human rights symbol. His high-profile appearances and books have fueled the surging popularity of Buddhism in the United States and throughout the West. This new, up-to-date biography provides insight into the curious and winning personality of the Dalai Lama as a boy and his wisdom as a man. The Buddhist spiritual worlds and the Dalai Lamas rarified role are engagingly and evenly presented.The Dalai Lamas story is revealed from his early family life to his experiences in the world, his education as the 14th incarnation of the Lama, his exile in India, and his current struggles to help Tibet regain its independence from China. Especially helpful is the clear historical overview of the Tibetan crisis after the Chinese invasion. A timeline and glossary also supplement the text. Though the book is written especially for high school students doing reports, it will also be of immense interest to general readers.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928462	Lokmanya Tilak  A Biography	A.K. Bhagwat & G.P. Pradhan	PaperBack	Foreword by DR. S. RADHAKRISHNANFormer President of IndiaSWARAJ IS MY BIRTHRIGHT, AND I SHALL HAVE IT!This biography of Lokmanya Tilak was written in collaboration by Prof. A.K. Bhagwat and Prof. G.P. Pradhan in 1956, the birth-centenary year of Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak. The book was awarded a prize in the All India Competition held under the auspices of the All India Congress Committee. Dr. S. Radhakrishnan had written the foreword to this biography. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	672p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928301	Autobiography of an Unknown Indian: Part II	Nirad C. Chaudhuri	PaperBack	Anyone who wishes to understand what has happened in India in the twentieth century - politically and culturally - must read Nirad C. Chaudhuri. Among her men of letters he is unique; for the fertility of his mind and the polymathic range of his interests, as well as for the lucidity of his prose and his sheer integrity. Geoffrey Moorhouse(Chaudhuri) has spent a lifetime kicking against the myths and shibboleths held by the majority of his fellow countrymen: he has ridiculed the pacifism of Mahatma Gandhi...he has castigated Indian nationalism for being corrupt, self-seeking, and destructive... (he has) vented his spleen at the stupidity and philistinism of the British in India. His latest (book) is almost a thousand pages long. It testifies to (his) eloquence, wit, and intellectual brilliance that he can go on at such length without once becoming a bore. Ian Buruma, The New York Review of Books 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	1008p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928196	My Experiments with Truth: An Autobiography	M.K. Gandhi	PaperBack	My Experiments With Truth  the autobiography of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi (or Mahatma Gandhi) covers his life from early childhood through to 1920, and is a popular and influential book. It was initiated at the insistence of Swami Anand and other close co-workers of Gandhi, in his mother-tongue Gujarati entitled Satyana Prayogo athva Atmakatha.Mahatma Gandhi (18691948) was a charismatic leader who brought the case for Indias independence to world attention. His philosophy of nonviolence, for which he coined the term satyagraha, has influenced nonviolent resistance movements to this day. For Gandhi, Truth was the sovereign principle; inclusive of many other spiritual principles and schools of thought.In this autobiography, Gandhi has recounted the period from his birth (1869) up to the year 1921. In the last chapter, he notes, My life from this point onward has been so public that there is hardly anything about it that people do not know... 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	508p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950519	My Experiments with Truth: An Autobiography (With DVD)	M.K. Gandhi	PaperBack	Collectors Edition includes RICHARD ATTENBOROUGHS FilmG A N D H I8 Academy Awards Winner - Featuring Ben Kingsley as GandhiMy Experiments With Truth  the autobiography of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi (or Mahatma Gandhi) covers his life from early childhood through to 1920, and is a popular and influential book. It was initiated at the insistence of Swami Anand and other close co-workers of Gandhi, in his mother-tongue Gujarati entitled Satyana Prayogo athva Atmakatha.Mahatma Gandhi (18691948) was a charismatic leader who brought the case for Indias independence to world attention. His philosophy of nonviolence, for which he coined the term satyagraha, has influenced nonviolent resistance movements to this day. For Gandhi, Truth was the sovereign principle; inclusive of many other spiritual principles and schools of thought.In this autobiography, Gandhi has recounted the period from his birth (1869) up to the year 1921. In the last chapter, he notes, My life from this point onward has been so public that there is hardly anything about it that people do not know... 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	508p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248466	The Untold Story of Kasturba: Wife of Mahatma Gandhi	Arun & Sunanda Gandhiwith Carol Lynn Yellin	PaperBack	Numerous books have been written about the legendary Mahatma Gandhi, the man who freed India, but nothing about the woman who shared his successes and failures.Known simply as Ba  Mother, to millions of people in India, she is truly the forgotten woman, whom history has side-lined. The woman who shared Gandhis loves, his sorrows, his triumphs and his tragedies. She was the one who stood by his side, even being imprisoned with him on several occasions. She overcame many obstacles as she gave up a life of wealth for one of utter poverty.Other Gandhi biographers have written about the legend. This is the story of the human being. The husband, the father, the man, as seen through the eyes of his wife and his grandson.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	360p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179926987	50 Magnificent Indians Of The 20th Century	S. Lal	PaperBack	The book is an inspiring tale of 50 prominent Indians who made outstanding contribution in various fields. Their drive, determination and resourcefulness act like beacons of light directing young people all over the world to achieve the uncommon. Famous persons like Surendranath Bannerjee, Mahatma Gandhi, Homi J. Bhabha, J.N. Tata, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, Indira Gandhi, Amartya Sen and P.T. Usha are but a few names among the long list that the book talks about. If you believe that example is more effective than mere words this book is sure to excite you. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	336p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929889	The Great Speeches Of Barack Obama	:e: Maureen Harrison & Steve Gilbert	PaperBack	Includes Audio CD of Selected SpeechesTHE GREAT SPEECHES OF BARACK OBAMA is a wide-ranging and representative collection of major speeches by Barack Obama edited down to their eloquent essentials.Presented in a straightforward format, in which each speech is offered in its contemporary context, this comprehensive collection of these most important and thought-provoking speeches traces the evolution of Barack Obamas use of powerfully persuasive political language beginning with anti-Iraq Dumb Wars Speech and culminating with the thrilling Election Night Victory Speech and the Inaugural Address. Eloquent in their delivery and inspiring in their content, these extraordinary speeches shattered the political sound-bite barrier.The Great Speeches of Barack Obama is designed to be an easy-to-access, all-in one anthology of the historic speeches that changed American politics forever.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	232p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950397	51 Greatest Modern Heroes	Lucas Otto	PaperBack	Everyone needs a hero. Heroes are people who make a difference in our world and are often considered larger than life. They are the men and women of action, who think great thoughts, have nerves of steel and make personal sacrifices to initiate change. Heroes are the models we put up to our children as the people to be and act like.A modern hero is not always a great general or statesman, but more often ordinary men and women who have influenced our society, changed our views and sought to make the world a better place. They entertain us, make us laugh and cry and have even given their lives for their ideas and their values.Our heroes are men and women from all walks of life, from around the world who, through science, politics, war, letters, music, sports and the media stood above even the best of us. They often speak to us directly and indirectly about the things that are most important in our lives and they challenge us to be like them, to follow them and ultimately respect them  even if we do not always agree with them  but without them, our lives would be significantly different. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950427	Abraham Lincoln	Philip L. Ostergard	PaperBack	When Lincoln reunited a country fractured by the Civil War  all the while enduring unceasing political criticism and tragic personal losses  he triumphed under conditions that would break most people. Determined to discover the source of this amazing strength and resilience, scholar Philip Ostergard has spent years uncovering the place of faith in Lincolns life. The result is a fascinating look at the depth of Lincolns knowledge and beliefs.For those who seek answers to the questions surrounding Lincolns views, this book offers intriguing details into Lincolns inner battle between doubt and faith, as well as the complex times in which he lived. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	292p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950472	Mohandas K. Gandhi (With DVD)	Patricia Cronin Marcello	HardBound	COLLECTORS EDITION includes Documentary Film30th January, 1948 End of An EmpireRare video footage as never seen beforeMohandas K. Gandhi, known as Mahatma (great soul) Gandhi, is a revered figure worldwide for his nonviolent action to free India from British rule. His iconic status endures in the United States, through his influence on Martin Luther King, Jr., and in popular culture, including quotations, a blockbuster film, and interest in Hindu spirituality and practices. Readers will discover how Gandhi came to be a member of the exalted pantheon of men for the ages. They will follow him from his familys home in the provinces to an early arranged marriage, solo sojourn in England to prepare for a law career, and growth from a timid new barrister in South Africa to Indias foremost negotiator with the British power structure. He is shown evolving from a loyal British subject to become the champion of Home Rule for India  often inciting illegal actions to get himself and his supporters arrested to further the cause, and risking his life with his famous hunger strikes.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	184p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950489	Barack Obama (With DVD)	Joann F. Price	HardBound	COLLECTORS EDITION includes DVDYES WE CANFeaturing the entire Acceptance and Concession SpeechesBarack Obama splashed onto the political scene with an inspirational, rousing speech at the Democratic National Convention in July 2004. From that night on, Obamamania was very real. He is bold and audacious; his rhetoric fiery, convincing and very compelling. He encourages cross-over appeal, discourse, affiliation, and has drawn many Americans, including todays youth, into politics. This is the story of a man of mixed race heritage who inspires, listens, compromises, and is often bipartisan. With a charismatic smile and a cadre of change we can believe in, many believe that he embodies the American dream. Thousands have turned out to hear the dynamic senator from Illinois speak as he campaigns to become the next President of the United States.Barack Obama says that his story could only take place in America, and this revealing biography traces the events of his remarkable life thus far. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	164p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950496	Nelson Mandela	Peter Limb	HardBound	Everyone should know the life story of Nelson Mandela, one of the greatest leaders of all time, the first black president of South Africa, the most famous African, and a major world statesman. His inspiring life receives a fresh retelling in this new biography written especially for general readers and students. This volume is an enjoyable, authoritative, and balanced way to not only understand a great man, but also to understand a critical time in world history and race relations. Mandelas quest for racial justice for black South Africans as a leader of the African National Congress led to twenty-seven years of imprisonment. South African Apartheid consumed the attention of the world, coming to a head in the 1980s. With intense international pressure on the Apartheid government, Mandela was finally freed in 1990. Through the landmark presidency of South Africa and post Nobel Peace Prize years up until today, he has continued as a peacemaker and agent for change. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924262	International Dictionary of Proverbs	Gerd de Ley	PaperBack	These are just a few of the 8,000 proverbs gathered from 300 countries and regions to create this dynamic dictionary. This book is the most comprehensive collection of international proverbs in the world. To read this book is to travel the globe, learning about wisdom, humor, and the nature of other people in this world. The proverbs are arranged alphabetically by country and an index listing 2,100 key words is also provided. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	438p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924386	Hindi - English / English - Hindi Dictionary	Dr. R. C. Tiwari, Dr. R. S. Sharma & Krishna Vikal	PaperBack	Hindi - English / English - Hindi Dictionary 25,000 entries Comprehensive guide to modern daily usage Idiomatic and colloquial expressions Includes administrative, commercial and professional vocabulary Completely up-to-date Ideal for students and travelers	2006	Jaico Publishing House	744p	Hindi & English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242751	Conversational Hindi	Narayan Prasad Jain	PaperBack	Have you been looking for the easiest way to learn Hindi fast? Conversational Hindi teaches you the easiest possible way to acquire proficiency in everyday spoken Hindi. The technique is simple here. All the most common phrases and idioms are given first in English and their equivalent in Gujarati, Marathi and Hindi. So, start with whichever language you know best and end up speaking three other languages. 	1994	Jaico Publishing House	284p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172243197	Easy Hindi For The Tourist 	Norma Schwitter	PaperBack	While touring India you will see its teeming millions and unless you can make yourself understood, you may find yourself embarrassed in numerable occasions. It is to reduce such occasions to a minimum that Hindustani For The Tourist will help. Your enjoyment of travel will be enhanced when you find you can make yourself understood and Indians will be greatly flattered that you, a visitor and a tourist can address them in his own language. Illustrations by Mairo, this pocket sized phrase book is a must for every visitor to this country. 	1996	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928509	Khallaas - an A to Z Guide to the Underworld	J. Dey	PaperBack	As a journalist on the crime beat, the author has spent long hours talking to those in uniform, those in the underworld and those in the grey zone  people who work as police informers.Much of what he has seen, heard and observed in over a decade of covering crime has found its way into print. But theres a lot thats spoken of in hushed tones, or buried in underworld lore.The underworld speaks its own language, and words are invented on the spur of the moment. A shooter is referred to as an artist, an informer is simply zero dial, Dubai is Delhi, while arrest is get admitted. Most of these are aimed at sending the police or adversaries on a wild goose chase. Its a world that thrives on the spirit of enterprise, actively courts power and danger, and has conquered fear. The rules are straight and the ethics sacrosanct.The principles of dhanda apply equally here  risk, profit and competition are at the very core. An informer will think nothing of selling precious information on a rival if it can earn him extra bucks or goodwill from the police.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929704	Unarmed Heroes	Compiled and :e:peaceOdirect	PaperBack	In any war there are always people who, rather than pick up an AK 47, will take the difficult route of active peacemaking...There are individuals in the midst of the violence in Afghanistan, N. Ireland, even in the DR Congo, who are risking their lives to prevent other people getting killed. This book tells their stories. Featuring 16 personal testimonies by those who have summed up the courage to transform violence in their lives, Unarmed Heroes is an inspiration as well as a handbook for overcoming conflict. The contributors, drawn from all over the globe, include relatives of those who died in the World Trade Centre attack and the Oklahoma bombing; Israeli, Palestinian and Afghan peace activists; a former IRA bomber and the daughter of one of his victims; a British military commander turned antinuclear campaigner, and many others. Despite their diverse backgrounds, each shares a passion for working actively but peacefully for positive change.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929957	Mumbai Under Siege	Nikhil S. Dixit	PaperBack	The 26/11 attacks broke the undying spirit of Mumbai. For the first time this city engaged in a 60-hour long battle with the terrorists who dared to bring it to its knees. The audacious attacks carried out by ten heavily armed youngsters dented Mumbais joie de vivre forever. The terror unleashed by the fidayeens, was something no Mumbaikar was prepared for.More than 170 innocent people lost their lives in this attack. This book follows the trail of terror from Pakistan to the citys financial capital. Mumbai Under Siege offers an analysis of the intelligence inputs that security agencies received over two years, compelling evidence from the sites of the terror attacks, the lone captured terrorists confession, and a frightening answer to the question on everyones mind will it happen again?	2009	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929919	Hunting Bin Laden: How al-Qaeda is Winning the War on Terror	Rob Schultheis	PaperBack	The real Axis of Evil are the I.S.I. (Pakistans military intelligence service), leading members of the Saudi Arabian ruling class, and the violent, extremist Sunni groups, link the Taleban, al-Qaeda, and the Moslem Brotherhood that Saudi Arabia funds and sponsors around the globe.A veteran war correspondent, Rob Schultheis offers a first-hand look at how the seeds of al-Qaeda were planted by foreign jihadists in the 1980s before most Americans knew what the word jihad meant. He presents a radical assessment of why bin Laden remains at large, detailing the complicit role Pakistan has played in both granting him sanctuary and helping al-Qaeda establish an almost impregnable stronghold in the Middle East. Finally, fresh from a recent visit to Afghanistan and armed with analysis of current satellite images, Schultheis makes his case for where exactly Osama bin Laden is hiding  and why the U.S. government is not acting on this information.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950212	Global Shift In The World Mind	Ervin Laszlo	PaperBack	How the New Scientific Reality is Changingthe Way We Perceive Our WorldIn this book, Ervin Laszlo presents a new reality map to guide us through the world shifts we are experiencing  the problems, opportunities, and challenges we face individually as well as collectively  in order to help us understand what we must do during this time of great transition. Sciences cutting edge now views reality as broader, as multiple universes arising in a possibly infinite meta-universe, as well as deeper, extending into dimensions at the subatomic level. Laszlo shows that aspects of human experience that had previously been consigned to the domain of intuition and speculation are now being explored with scientific rigor and urgency.There has been a shift in the materialistic scientific view of reality toward the multidimensional worldview of multiple interconnected realities long known by the worlds great spiritual traditions. By understanding the interconnectedness of our changing world as well as our changing map of the world, we can navigate with insight, wisdom, and confidence. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929728	50 Simple Steps to Save the Earth from Global Warming	The Green Patriot Working Group	PaperBack	Take 50 simple steps toward a safer, healthier & happier future.If you, like so many others, are eager to alter the course of climate change, let 50 Simple Steps be your roadmap! This practical and approachable guide to protecting our planet from global warming will inspire and empower you to begin making changes for a greener lifestyle today.50 Simple Steps will: Show you how something as simple as drinking fair trade coffee can help fight global warming Teach you how a sustainable lifestyle benefits other pressing issues including national security and the future of our economy Create awareness, enthusiasm, and support for your green lifestyle Offer new ideas even if you are already environmentally savvy Improve your quality of life by saving you money and improving your health Change the way you think and shop 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950861	The Mother of Mohammed	Sally Neighbour	PaperBack	In The Mother of Mohammed, journalist Sally Neighbour tells the extraordinary story of how a dope-smoking beach bunny, Robyn Hutchinson, became Rabiah  a member of the jihadist elite. Known among her peers as the mother of Mohammed, and as the Elizabeth Taylor of the jihad in CIA circles, Rabiah lived for twenty years on the frontlines of the global holy war.With a reputation for tough investigative journalism, Sally Neighbour persuaded Rabiah to tell her story. She investigates how Rabiah became a trusted insider to the Jemaah Islamiyah, Taliban and al Qaeda leaderships, and married a leading figure in Osama bin Ladens inner sanctum.In The Mother of Mohammed Sally Neighbour discovers a world of converts and true believers. This unique and confronting account from inside the jihad helps us to understand the magnetism of the Islamist cause. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	368p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927007	Mahatma Vs Gandhi	Dinkar Joshi	PaperBack	Based On The Life Of Harilal Gandhithe Eldest Son Of Mahatma GandhiBapu Had Failed To Convince Two People In His Lifetimeone Was Jinnah And The Other Was HarilalThis novel was simultaneously serialized in the Sunday supplements of three Gujarati Dailies: Samkaleen of Bombay, Jansatta of Ahmedabad and Loksatta of Vadodra.In this book the author tries to make an ardent effort to understand yet another enigmatic facet of human life. The tussle between the father and the son was the most poignant and pathetic story of their lives. When Gandhi, who was busy attending meetings and conferences where the fate of forty crore Indians was to be decided often found headline in a newspaper screaming  Police Arrested Drunk Harilal For Creating A Scene On The Road, and sometimes Harilal himself from the dais of the fundamentalist Muslim organizations meeting  I shall continue fighting till Ba and Bapu embrace Islam. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	296p	English			1	HIS000000
8179923398	India An Illustrated History	Prem Kishore & Anuradha Kishore Ganpati	PaperBack	India: An Illustrated History is a wonderful first step to understanding India and its people. Sreenath Sreenivasan, professor, Columbia University School of Journalism; co-founder, South Asian Journalist AssociationUsing a refreshingly Indian voice, the authors have condensed the history and culture of this fascinating civilization into a lively and informative guide that will be a valuable resource for students and travelers embarking on their exploration of India. Meher McArthur, curator, Pacific Asia Museum, Pasadena, CaliforniaThis volume succinctly recounts 45,000 years of Indian history, from the earliest Indus valley settlements to the twentieth-century struggle against British imperial rule, including the challenges facing the country today. Sections on cultural traditions, regional cuisine, dress, and religion bring the varied facets of this nation to life. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	248p	English			1	HIS000000
9788179928608	Doctors from Hell	Vivien Spitz	PaperBack	This is a chilling story of human depravity and ultimate justice, told for the first time by an eyewitness  a court reporter for the Nuremberg war crimes trial of Nazi doctors. This is the account of torturing and murder by experiment in the name of scientific research and patriotism. Doctors from Hell includes trial transcripts that have not been easily available to the general public and previously unpublished photographs used as evidence in the trial.The author describes the experience of being in bombed-out, dangerous, post-war Nuremberg, where she lived for 18 months while working on the trial. Once a Nazi sympathizer tossed bombs into the dining room of the hotel where she lived moments before she arrived for dinner. She takes us into the courtroom to hear the dramatic testimony and see the reactions of the defendants to the proceedings. The witnesses tell of experiments in which they were deprived of oxygen; frozen; injected with malaria, typhus and jaundice; subjected to the amputation of healthy limbs; forced to drink sea water for weeks at a time; and other horrors.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	356p	English			1	HIS000000
9788179928936	Culture in the Vanity Bag	Nirad C. Chaudhuri	PaperBack	Culture in the Vanity Bag is an informal but ecological study of Indian clothing and adornment. It is mainly about the historical evolution of costumes and seeks to illustrate their relationship with different cultures that have been seen in India.Chaudhuris descriptions are animated by great attention to detail, anecdotes, extracts from novels and Sanskrit texts. There is more in this book besides simple entertainment and elementary information. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	196p	English			1	HIS000000
9788179928257	Learn To Be Your Own Lawyer In 30 Days	Ankoosh Mehta	PaperBack	The millions of cases pending in the subordinate courts and High Courts, coupled with the costs of litigation, are stifling the common man. On closer scrutiny one finds that people are in no hurry to seek legal advice before knowing more about the basic importance of a legal matter and the consequences which follow.Learn To Be Your Own Lawyer In 30 Days covers nearly 70 topics from diverse laws. The concentration is on communication and comprehension. The laws discussed include the laws of transfer of property/contract/partnership, law for consumer protection and trusts, equality of opportunities for persons with disability, and the fundamental rights guaranteed under the Constitution.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	300p	English			1	LAW000000
8172240805	Panchatantra	Arthur W. Ryder	PaperBack	This masterpiece of Indian Literature contains the most widely known stories in the world. Infact, it is universally acknowledged as the best collection of stories known to civilized man. It is presented in an artistic form of wise and witty stories that has never failed to bring delight to millions of people. 	1949	Jaico Publishing House	384p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240961	The Jataka Tales	Francis & Thomas	PaperBack	The Jataka as we possess tells about the life of Buddha during some incarnation in one of his previous existences as a Bodhisatta (one being destined to enlightenment). Each separate story is embedded in a framework, which forms the story of the present. The present selection brings together the Jataka stories of the most widespread interest. 	1957	Jaico Publishing House	396p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241348	The Greatest Works of Kahlil Gibran	Kahlil Gibran	PaperBack	Kahlil Gibran  American essayist, philosopher, poet and painter born in Lebanon in 1883. He blended elements of Eastern and Western mysticism and was greatly influenced by Blake and Neitzche. Although his sayings are neither crusades nor sermons, yet the thoughts conveyed are complete, clear and concise revealing Gibran as a Prophet of penetrating vision and objective understanding. Millions of followers today observe his writings with religious devotion and fervour, because his thoughts are ageless and realistic. This Omnibus edition, for the first time brings out 12 greatest works of Khalil Gibran comprising The Prophet, The Wanderer, Nymphs of the Valley, The Madman, The Broken Wings  to name a few. 	1991	Jaico Publishing House	446p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244150	The Hitopadesha	G.L. Chandiramani	PaperBack	The Hitopadesha (A Beneficial Advice) was probably written in 1675 A.D. by the great Hindu scholar, Narayana Pandit during the reign of King Dhavalachandra in Bengal.The Hitopadesha like the Panchatantra is written in the form of a chain of simple stories. Each story has a moral and a philosophical theme which has stood the test of time and is relevant to modern times.The Hitopadesha guides us as to how to attain success in life by understanding human nature. The Hitopadesha like Panchatantra has been translated into many languages of the world. It is now being translated into German and Indonesian. 	1995	Jaico Publishing House	304p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248210	Classic Indian Tales	Coomaraswamy & Sister Nivedita	PaperBack	Myths of the Hindus and Buddhists is a single volume comprising the most important stories of Indian mythology taken from the two great epics Mahabharata and Ramayana, with additional tales from the Puranas, the Vedas and assorted narratives of Krishna, Buddha and Shiva. The book prepared by two of the foremost scholars and writers on Indian life, explains and interprets Indian ways and thoughts. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	448p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927090	Contemporary Hindi Short Stories	:e: Shrawan Kumar	PaperBack	The Hindi short story has come a long way. In this selection, a number of impressive writers such as Kamleshwar, Vishnu Prabhakar, Giriraj Kishore, Himanshu Joshi, Chitra Mudgal and Prakash Manu are featured.The short story writers included in this book are intensely aware of the social inequities and incongruities in Indian society and depict them with conviction. Some of the writers in this selection who write in a satirical vein can have lashing effects on the reader. The stories in this book explore the human psyche and go deep into the inner recesses of the mind and heart.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242190	Godan	Premchand	PaperBack	Godan, a story of stark realism is Premchands most outstanding work. It is his last completed novel which brings out the realistic interpretation of Indian village society. This is a story of people, hungry and semi starved, yet hopeful and optimistic in the truest spirit of the age it represent. 	1991	Jaico Publishing House	344p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247494	Greatest Short Stories	Mulk Raj Anand 	PaperBack	A born story teller,Dr. Mulk Raj Anand is one of the most outstanding short story writers. His contributions to the Indian short story is truly impressive. These short stories are selected from a collection of his writings over the last forty years. His stories reveal modes such as strong satire, uproarious laughter and acute psychological perception. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	248p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249780	Our Favourite Indian Stories	Khushwant Singh & Neelam Kumar	PaperBack	An exclusive collection of 40 outstanding stories from 17 regions of India  translated and made accessible to English-speaking readers. Soaked in the flavours and colours of its region, each story smacks of its unique culture. This anthology traverses through states as far-flung as Kashmir and Tamil Nadu, mapping out our multi-lingual, multi-cultural land and celebrating its fascinating diversity. This anthology is a virtual canvas of human emotions. Its pages throb with everything primal to human nature: fear, angst, joy, love, lust and longing. A must read for those who wish to understand India better. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	460p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926052	A Spectrum of My People	:t: Malathi Nidadavolu 	PaperBack	These short stories translated from the Telugu language tell of experiences of ordinary middle class people caught in the crevice between traditional and modern ways of life. Against a backdrop of feverish modernization and fast-paced globalization, these stories depict the crumbling social structure (rural and urban), and redefine the family and social values of the people of Andhra Pradesh  the middle class, farmers, streetwalkers and the lower strata of society.The thematic threads in these stories include changing values in the face of strenuous economic conditions; traditional courting and marriage mores; relationships within families under the pressure of increasing westernization, the womans role as mother, wife and worker; the mans traditional role as provider; and the fear of death. The stories invite readers unfamiliar with the culture of Andhra Pradesh to appreciate its centuries-old traditions in the face of change.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	492p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920224	Mother	Maxim Gorky	PaperBack	THE BEST-LOVED NOVELof One of the Worlds Great WritersMother, the immortal classic of Maxim Gorky, one of the worlds best-loved writers, is the story of the radicalization of an uneducated woman. From her dull peasant existence into active participation in her peoples struggle for justice. Through her work she frees herself from the cowed state into which she has been beaten, and her simple motherly concern for her son becomes a motherly concern for all oppressed.To read Mother is to undergo a great emotional experience. It is a novel of strength and power, a tribute to the dignity of the individual. As one well-known literary critic puts it: and then I came on Mother, the first of Gorky I had ever seen, and much of what I had read became thin and tasteless by comparison. It was tapestry after cotton and burlap, living, breathing people after cardboard cutouts... it was the hope and zeal of all human beings. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	396p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241151	Short Crime Novels	Pronzini & Greenberg	PaperBack	SHORT CRIME NOVELS From the Horrors of the present to slaughter and savagery this book contains accounts of murders for desire of gain or disposal of a spouse to the terrifying serial kiling. This book has it all . . . 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	552p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920372	The Best Crime Stories of the 19th Century	:e: Isaac Asimov	PaperBack	The nineteenth century is considered by many the Golden Age of the modern detective story. From the birth of the genre through Edger Allen Poe's C. Auguste Dupin, to the most famous clue seeking sleuth of them all, Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes, a variety of literary minds turned to crime writing. Each story in this highly entertaining collection is significant for its contribution to the development of crime solving literature. There are ghastly crimes committed in the dark of night and master detectives at work to insure that justice is served. In a story by Thomas Hardy, we are introduced to a thief who outwits his hangman, and in an attack on civic self- righteousness, Mark Twain shows us a man who succeeds in stealing virtue from an entire town. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	326p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928325	Tales From Shakespeare	Charles and Mary Lamb	PaperBack	William Shakespeare (1564-1616), a poet and playwright, is acknowledged as the greatest writer and the worlds pre-eminent dramatist. He excels in plot, poetry and wit, and his talent encompasses the great tragedies of Hamlet, King Lear, Othello and Macbeth as well as the moving history plays and the comedies such as A Midsummer Nights Dream, The Taming of the Shrew and As You Like It with their magical combination of humour, ribaldry and tenderness.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	276p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928349	The Great Short Stories Guy De Maupassant	Guy De Maupassant	PaperBack	GUY DE MAUPASSANT was a master of the short story. This collection reflects his remarkable diversity, with stories that vary in theme and tone, and range from tragedy and satire to comedy and farce. With a simplicity of style that masks complex philosophy, Maupassant can illuminate an entire code of values by means of a few telling details. He exposes the brutality of war and the hypocrisy it spawns, and depicts the petty limitations, the dissimulations and the vanities inherent at different levels of society. His stories are linked by a trenchant irony and by a preoccupation with the frailty of human nature and the futility of so many lives. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	268p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929759	The Queen of Genes	Dr. G.K. Pillai	PaperBack	This novel describes the poignant struggle of two sisters to survive in a male dominated society. It redefines women from a scientific perspective, and explains how they evolve constantly to master new challenges. Men, with their traditional and aggressive attitudes, fail to understand women, and treat them as Maternity Machines, meant only to serve and suffer. The book helps modern woman to understand the riddle of her resilience that arises from selective inactivation of one X chromosome. The story gives rational explanations of unconventional behaviour patterns, changing lifestyles and career ambitions of educated women that upset the primitive mindset of mankind. Also, the book underlines a spiritual attitude to feminine life, by establishing the fact that every woman is a mystic, simply because of her inherited capacity to surrender self-interest for serving the cause of family and society. It exposes some modern vendors of Indian spirituality, and hails womens inherent ability to extend self consciousness to promote unity and equality on a global basis. Of course, they are exploited and constantly pushed into deep depression now, but in the long run, they will certainly take over the planet.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	292p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240538	The Complete Long Stories of Sherlock Holmes	Sir Arthur Conan Doyle	PaperBack	Present in this omnibus edition, are four unabridged novels of Baker Streets most famous resident  Sherlock Holmes and his confidant and aide, Dr. Watson. The saga of their adventures begin right from the time they are first introduced to each other by a certain young stamford to share rooms in Baker Street, where Watson chronicled their first adventure A Study in Scarlet. The Hound of Baskervilles is perhaps the most popular of his long stories, followed by The Sign of the Four and The Valley of Fear. 	1988	Jaico Publishing House	352p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240600	The Complete Short Stories of Sherlock Holmes	Sir Arthur Conan Doyle	PaperBack	A selection of most exciting adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson. Indeed, the stories of Holmes adventures are a perennial source of inspiration to lovers of detective fiction. Sherlock Holmes elevated criminal investigation to a fine art. This book contains fifty-six short stories, depicting the master sleuths detective skills. Written in an inimitable style by that multi-faceted personality and raconteur par excellence, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, this concise volume will delight all Holmes lovers. 	1988	Jaico Publishing House	770p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247214	The Last Adventures of Sherlock Holmes	Sir Arthur Conan Doyle	PaperBack	Sherlock Holmes the gaunt, ascetic, ruthlessly logical pursuer of crime and mystery created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle needs no introduction. The adventures of this sharp, witty and moody detective alongwith his loveable pedantic and faithful friend Dr. Watson are a perennial source of inspiration to lovers of crime fiction. The book brings to you the criminal investigation of mysteries by master detective Sherlock Holmes. 	1989	Jaico Publishing House	200p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247222	The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes	Sir Arthur Conan Doyle	PaperBack	Sherlock Holmes the gaunt, ascetic, ruthlessly logical pursuer of crime and mystery created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle needs no introduction. The adventures of this sharp, witty and moody detective alongwith his loveable pedantic and faithful friend Dr. Watson are a perennial source of inspiration to lovers of crime fiction. The book brings to you the criminal investigation of mysteries by master detective Sherlock Holmes. 	1989	Jaico Publishing House	252p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247230	The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes	Sir Arthur Conan Doyle	PaperBack	Sherlock Holmes the gaunt, ascetic, ruthlessly logical pursuer of crime and mystery created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle needs no introduction. The adventures of this sharp, witty and moody detective alongwith his loveable pedantic and faithful friend Dr. Watson,are a perennial source of inspiration to lovers of crime fiction. The book brings to you the criminal investigation of mysteries by master detective Sherlock Holmes. 	1989	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247249	The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes	Sir Arthur Conan Doyle	PaperBack	Sherlock Holmes the gaunt, ascetic, ruthlessly logical pursuer of crime and mystery created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle needs no introduction. The adventures of this sharp, witty and moody detective alongwith his loveable pedantic and faithful friend Dr. Watson are a perennial source of inspiration to lovers of crime fiction. The book brings to you the criminal investigation of mysteries by master detective Sherlock Holmes. 	1989	Jaico Publishing House	304p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247257	The Return of Sherlock Holmes	Sir Arthur Conan Doyle	PaperBack	Sherlock Holmes the gaunt, ascetic, ruthlessly logical pursuer of crime and mystery created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle needs no introduction. The adventures of this sharp, witty and moody detective alongwith his loveable pedantic and faithful friend Dr. Watson are a perennial source of inspiration to lovers of crime fiction. The book brings to you the criminal investigation of mysteries by master detective Sherlock Holmes.	1989	Jaico Publishing House	336p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922170	5 Indian Masters	5 Well Know authors of India 	PaperBack	This book is a compilation of classic short stories by five great Indian writers  Raja Rao, Rabindranath Tagore, Premchand, Dr. Mulk Raj Anand and Khushwant Singh. Though not necessarily representative of the authors complete works, the stories have been carefully chosen to showcase their versatility and skill as storytellers. The collection covers an extraordinary range of themes, styles and settings, allowing the reader to get a glimpse of another world gone by. Yet, these stories seem timeless, and the characters in them show the same foibles, fears and hopes as people in the brave new world of the 21st century. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	304p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922189	5 American Masters	5 Well Know authors of America 	PaperBack	This book is a compilation of classic short stories by five great American writers O Henry, Jack London, Henry James, Mark Twain and Edgar Allan Poe. Though not necessarily representative of the authors complete works, the stories have been carefully chosen to showcase their versatility and skill as storytellers. The collection covers an extraordinary range of themes, styles and settings, allowing the reader to get a glimpse of another world gone by. Yet, these stories seem timeless, and the characters in them show the same foibles, fears and hopes as people in the brave new world of the 21st century.	2003	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922197	5 British Masters	5 Well Know authors of Britain	PaperBack	This book is a compilation of classic short stories by five great British writers  Oscar Wilde, Hector Hugh Munro, D.H.Lawrence, Joseph Conrad and Charles Dickens. Though not necessarily representative of the authors complete works, the stories have been carefully chosen to showcase their versatility and skill as storytellers. The collection covers an extraordinary range of themes, styles and settings, allowing the reader to get a glimpse of another world gone by. Yet, these stories seem timeless, and the characters in them show the same foibles, fears and hopes as people in the brave new world of the 21st century. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	298p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922200	5 Russian Masters	5 Well Know authors of Russia	PaperBack	This book is a compilation of classic short stories by five great Russian writers Anton Chekhov, Leo Tolstoy, Maxim Gorky, Fyodor Dostoevsky and Ivan Turgenev. Though not necessarily representative of the authors complete works, the stories have been carefully chosen to showcase their versatility and skill as storytellers. The collection covers an extraordinary range of themes, styles and settings, allowing the reader to get a glimpse of another world gone by. Yet, these stories seem timeless, and the characters in them show the same foibles, fears and hopes as people in the brave new world of the 21st century.	2003	Jaico Publishing House	332p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922219	5 French Masters	5 Well Know authors of France	PaperBack	This book is a compilation of classic short stories by five great French writers - Guy De Maupassant, Honore De Balzac, Victor Hugo, Anatole France and Pierre Louys. Though not necessarily representative of the authors complete works, the stories have been carefully chosen to showcase their versatility and skill as storytellers. The collection covers an extraordinary range of themes, styles and settings, allowing the reader to get a glimpse of another world gone by. Yet, these stories seem timeless, and the characters in them show the same foibles, fears and hopes as people in the brave new world of the 21st century.	2003	Jaico Publishing House	296p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172243545	21 Erotic Stories	An Array of Erotic Emotions From Tender Passion to Raw Sensuality	PaperBack	This fascinating book is everyones fantasy. A collection of exotic masterpieces from the sensuous ancient classics  'The Kama Sutra' 'The Perfumed Garden" to the wild and wanton "Eskimo Nell' and 'Web of Desire'. Get delightfully shocked at 'The Memoirs of Casanova' that renowned rake and those of charming courtesian, Harlette Wilson', Have an Exciting, Voyeuristic View of the Scandalous 'Life and Loves of Frank Harris' and of 'The Boudoir'. 	1994	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248938	Kidnapped	Robert Louis Stevenson	HardBound	David Balfour, a lad of seventeen, left home after the death of his parents. He carried with him a letter of introduction from his father to his uncle, Ebenezer Balfour, who turned out to be a mean and wicked man wishing to deprive his nephew his rightful share in the family property. He therefore got young David kidnapped and taken abroad a ship bound for the Carolinas. Fortunately, the ship was wrecked and David returned after a series of hair raising adventures to claim his share of the property.	2002	Jaico Publishing House	248p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248946	The Life & Adventures of Robinson Crusoe	Daniel Defoe	HardBound	Robinson Crusoe was shipwrecked on an uninhabited island. He was the only survivor. The ship was grounded on a rock. Crusoe managed to salvage as much as possible from the ship. With great perseverance and industry he made for himself a secure & comfortable habitation. It was twenty five years later he saw another human being in the person of a savage whom he rescued from being eaten by his captors. He named him Friday. Read on about the interesting adventures of this courageous sailor. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	184p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248954	Around The World in Eighty Days	Jules Verne	HardBound	Phileas Fogy, a wealthy Londoner, was a member of the Reform Club. He was also slightly eccentric by nature. His friends at the club challenged him for 20,000 pounds to go around the world in eighty days. He accepted the wager and set out from London with his wallet, passport etc. Did he win the wager? Come, let us join Phileas Fogy on his tour and find out. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	284p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248962	Oliver Twist	Charles Dickens	HardBound	In a ramshackle workhouse of a parish in England, a baby boy was born to a woman who died in child birth. The boy was named OLIVER TWIST. He spent a sad childhood in abject misery in various workhouses. At the age of twelve, he runs away to London where he is picked up by a notorious criminal Fagin, a mastermind at house breaking, pickpocketing and petty thievery. He teaches Oliver all these evil deeds. But a kind hearted gentleman robbed by Fagin, sympathizes with the plight of Oliver and helps him to find a family, his inheritance and above all Olivers true identity. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248970	David Copperfield	Charles Dickens	HardBound	This is the story of a young boy, David Copperfield. Orphaned at the age of ten, ill-treated and abandoned by a cruel stepfather, he struggles to make a life for himself. At a tender age he runs away to his aunt who gives him a new start in life. Read about his friendship, the pressures of a career, the betrayal he faces, the frivolous ecstasy of his first love and the final discovery of complete happiness. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	208p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248989	Treasure Island	Robert Louis Stevenson	HardBound	Jim Hawkins life of adventure began when he picked up an oilskin packet from captain Flints sea chest. It contained a map of an island where the captain had buried his treasure. So Jim set sail on the Hispaniola as a cabin-boy with his dream of amassing wealth. On the ship is the notorious crew far from honest. Soon Jim is plunged into a series of adventures, mutiny and shipwreck. Will he ever recover captain Flints treasure? Can he realize his dream of untold wealth? Let us find out in this classic adventure story of Treasure Island. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	326p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248997	The Adventures of Tom Sawyer	Mark Twain	HardBound	This is a story of a bright young lad who was clever enough to outwit all his friends. This lovable, mischievous bundle of a boy daydreams, schemes, plots and weaves a world of fantasy around himself. Read further to explore the fun and adventure of Tom Sawyer and his friend Huckleberry Finn in witnessing a murder, robbery and above all attending, their own funeral service. They eventually triumph in apprehending the true murderer and become heroes and darlings of one and all. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	296p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249004	The Man In The Iron Mask	Alexandre Dumas	HardBound	Who was the man in the iron mask? Why did he wear a mask? Why was he imprisoned and who imprisoned him? Nobody knows. His identity was a mystery when he lived and more than two and a half centuries later, he is still shrouded in mystery. Some people identify him with Duke of Mammoth, the illegitimate son of Charles II and some with Moliere, the creator of famous comedy Tartuffe. But Dumas created this novel identifying the man in the iron mask as the twin brother of Louis XIV. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249012	A Tale of Two Cities	Charles Dickens	HardBound	The year was 1775, England and France tottered on the brink of a revolution. The people were oppressed and starved on account of the Kings neglect to run the affairs of their respective countries. The revolt that brewed was more prominent in London and Paris where people were caught up in the whirlpool of greed, hatred, treason and immorality. And against this backdrop the interesting characters spun by Dickens are Dr. Alexander Manette, Lucie, the wicked Madame Defarge, Esquire Charles Darney and Sidney Cartoon. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	200p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249020	The Hunchback of Notre-Dame	Victor Hugo	HardBound	This story goes back to the era of saints and satans, of sorcery, witchery, demonry, devilry, martyrs and their faiths. Set during the medieval period. This story ia about a priest who falls for a beautiful gypsy girl, Esmeralda. Unable to control his infatuation any longer, he attempts to kidnap her with the help of Quasimodo, the hunchback bell ringer of Notre Dame.Find out what happens next in this most unusual tale of intrigue. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920038	20,000 Leagues Under The Sea	Jules Verne	HardBound	A mysterious phenomenon was noticed in the year 1866. Vessels at sea had seen a long large object more powerful in its movement than a whale. A French scientist was commissioned to investigate. A frigate was specially fitted out for this expedition. After three months of cruising the high seas, the frigate encountered the monster and shot out its harpoon to strike the creature. Suddenly, a giant waterspout issued forth from the monster and threw the scientist and his colleagues on the monsters back. To their consternation, they were pulled deep inside the sea. What happened to them down there? Join the intrepid scientist in his strange adventure.	2002	Jaico Publishing House	230p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920046	The Count of Monte Cristo	Alexandre Dumas	HardBound	Edmond Dantes, an upcoming sailor with a bright future is implicated by his three jealous friends for a crime he did not commit. He is imprisoned for life. In the prison an old, dying mate incoherently tells him of a vast amount of treasure buried on the island of Monte Cristo. Impersonating the dead man, Dantes escapes after fourteen years in prison. Starting life all over again as a sailor he eventually finds the treasure and becomes immensely rich, ruthless and powerful, donning the title of Count with only one aim in life that is to seek revenge against three men responsible for his imprisonment. How he goes on to avenge the injustice and harm done to him is this story of The Count of Monte Cristo. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920054	The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde	Robert Louis Stevenson	HardBound	This is an unusual story of a very respected medical practioner, Dr. Henry Jekyll who nurtured a belief that every person has two distinct personalities. He undertakes an experiment to split one person into two different personalities. What is this split personality? Come lets read this thrilling story in The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	172p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920062	The Hound of Baskervilles	Sir Arthur Conan Doyle	HardBound	Our story begins with the murder of Sir Charles Baskerville, hunted down by a supernatural hound. The next target of the hound, haunting the Grimpen Mire is Sir Henry Baskerville. Sherlock Holmes, the super sleuth, steps in to solve the secret of the legend and a maze of mysteries haunting the moor. Can Sherlock Holmes solve the mystery surrounding the death of Sir Charles in time to stop the next murder? Come, lets go to the beautiful English country side and to the gloomy moors with Sherlock Holmes and his trusted aide Dr. Watson, to unravel one of his most famous mystery. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	294p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920070	The Prisoner of Zenda	Anthony Hope	HardBound	Rudolf Rassendyll, a peace loving English gentleman goes to Ruritania on a secret visit. By a strange quirk of fate, Rassendyll happens to look like Rudolf the Fifth, the real heir to the throne of Ruritania, who is imprisoned in the castle of Zenda by Black Michael the evil Duke of Strelsau. Rudolf Rassendyll impersonates as Rudolf the Fifth and is coronated. He falls in love with a beautiful princess, but being duty bound, he draws up a plan to free the real king from the clutches of Black Michael and restores him his kingdom. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	204p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920089	Adventures of Robin Hood 	Howard Pyle	HardBound	The story goes back to the time of Yore in a small town called Nottinghamshire in merry old England. It happened like this. On a bright day a young lad, while walking through the forest of Sherwood, chanced upon the Sherrifs soldiers and was innocently dragged into arguing with one of them. Consequently a duel followed between the soldier and the lad, in which the soldier accidentally gets killed. The young lad, in his panic runs away into the depths of the forest, thereby becoming a wanted man and an outlaw. HE IS ROBINHOOD OF SHERWOOD FOREST ! 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920097	Ivanhoe	Sir Walter Scott	HardBound	This is an exciting story of the adventures of knights and their followers in England ruled by King Richard, the Lion Heart. It is a dangerous time for the country because the noble king is away fighting enemies in a foreign land; while at home, his greedy dissatisfied brother is plotting to grab the throne. There are those who have no morals and are quick to change loyalties, tempted by power and money. But there are also those who will die for a cause, for their King and their country. Such a loyal subject is Ivanhoe who struggles to fight for the truth, and faces the worst enemies in a life devoted to his King. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	274p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920100	The Adventures of Don Quixote	Miguel De Cervantes	HardBound	The days of Knight and Squires, of exciting adventures and romances come alive in the hilarious account of Don Quixotes travels. A small time poor land owner, Don Quixote imagines himself placed in the world of knights. He convinces Sancho Panza, a good for nothing fellow from the same village, to be his squire. And together they set out to seek their fortune, eager to be the best chivalrous knight. This delightful story of chivalry is all the fun and pleasure, laughter and excitement, farce and suspense. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	230p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920119	The Invisible Man	H.G. Wells	HardBound	The Invisible Man lets loose a reign of terror! He assaults people, damages property and creates utter chaos. In a blind burst of fire, he gets injured, but manages to escape. He takes shelter at the house of Dr. Kemp, a Scientist, who turns out to be an old college fellow. The Invisible Man unfolds before Dr. Kemp, an incredible tale about the amazing powers of Science, by revealing the secret of his invisibility. How does Dr. Kemp react to the story? H.G Wells, a master of science fiction, brings you this gripping tale, guaranteed to hold your attention till the very end.	2002	Jaico Publishing House	248p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924394	The Handy Christianity GK Book	John Renard	PaperBack	One of the noblest and most useful tasks to which we can commit ourselves is a greater understanding of how and why people believe as they do. What people believe  and why they believe it  profoundly influences the way they act. Religious beliefs and cultural assumptions are often so intimately intertwined that it is rarely, if ever, possible to disentangle them.The Handy Christianity GK Book is an easy-to-use comparative guide for anyone seeking a basic understanding of Christianity. In this book you will find answers to questions related to history, leaders, organization, symbols, beliefs, membership, and much more.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	72p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924548	Basic Confucianism	John Renard	PaperBack	One of the noblest and most useful tasks to which we can commit ourselves is a greater understanding of how and why people believe as they do. What people believe  and why they believe it  profoundly influences the way they act. Religious beliefs and cultural assumptions are often so intimately intertwined that it is rarely, if ever, possible to disentangle them.The Handy Confucianism GK Book is an easy-to-use comparative guide for anyone seeking a basic understanding of Confucianism. In this book you will find answers to questions related to history, leaders, organization, symbols, beliefs, membership, and much more.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	70p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179924556	A Handy GK Book A To Z Of World Religions	Jim Willis	PaperBack	This book provides an encyclopedic view of the history, people, and practices of the worlds major and alternative religions. From Aaron to Zoroastrianism, nearly 300 entries examine key religious figures, prophets, deities, places, and scriptures, augmented by some 100 illustrations.A Handy GK Book A To Z of World Religions examines the worlds major religions: Hinduism, Buddhism, Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. It also describes spiritual practices that predate organized religion. Druidism and goddess worship, the Red Paint culture, Native North American spirituality, and the ancient Celts still speak to people. Some of their ancient wisdom is referred to as New Age religion. The modern resurgence of Wicca is only one example.Timely and accessible, A Handy GK Book A To Z of World Religions examines the often conflicting theories and interpretations of spiritual and historical matters and provides a basic understanding of the worlds religious diversity. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	508p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924599	The Handy Countries of the World	Matthew T. Rosenberg	PaperBack	The Handy Countries of the World GK Book answers the most intriguing questions that apply to todays world. It covers all the trivia  physical features and resources, history, people, countries and cities  and also includes key geographic, political, and cultural information on the 192 countries of the world.With up-to-date maps and information on nations and states, The Handy Countries of the World GK Book also explores the impact on the location of countries and cities and geographys influence on architecture, and migration. Insightful, entertaining, and relevant, it is the perfect companion for teachers, students, armchair travelers, trivia buffs or anyone who has ever asked the question, Where in the world is...? 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	276p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924602	Dinosaur Handbook	Thomas E. Svarney & Patricia Barnes-Svarney	PaperBack	The Handy Dinosaur GK Book examines the mystery of the greatest mass extinction the planet has known, and reveals what scientists have been able to piece together about the life and death of the terrible lizards.Dig into The Handy Dinosaur GK Book and youll unearth the answers to 1,000 commonly asked (and just plain interesting) dinosaur questions. Readers of all ages will love the succinct, easy-to-understand question-and-answer format, arranged subject-wise.From the earths beginnings through the Triassic, Jurassic and Cretaceous periods to todays discovery-laden sites, The Handy Dinosaur GK Book provides hundreds of easily digested dinosaur facts. Complete with tables, charts, photos and illustrations, its the perfect reference to help decipher 65-million-year-old mysteries. Youll go back to it time and again for fundamental information on the greatest creatures that ever lived. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	258p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924610	The Handy Insect GK Book	Dr. Gilbert Waldbauer, :c: Dr. May R. Berenbaum	PaperBack	It might sound like an alien, but its actually a member of the most successful animal group on earthan insect. We swat them. We spray them. Occasionally we marvel at their strange beauty. We compete with them for food. And sometimes, we eat them. Insects touch our lives far more often than we like to admit. For those times when curiosity or frustration drives you to learn more about the strange and wonderful world of insects, there is The Handy Insect GK Book.Here, youll find answers to nearly a thousand frequently asked questions about insects and their kin. Filled with amazing facts on the lure and lore of these miniature marvels, this book is a wonderful source for armchair naturalists, parents with curious children or anyone who has ever asked the question, Why in the world are there so many insects? 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	260p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924645	The Handy Life in the Oceans GK Book	Thomas E. Svarney & Patricia Barnes-Svarney	PaperBack	The world is one big ocean, occasionally interrupted by land. More than 70% of the Earth is covered by oceans harboring countless forms of fascinating life and endless secrets. The Handy Life In The Oceans GK Book reveals more than 1,000 of these enigmas in an easy-to-understand question-and-answer format. More then 150 photographs help you heed the call of the surf.With this book, youll find out what clues the ocean has revealed about the origins and evolution of life on our planet and major climate changes.The Handy Life In The Oceans GK Book opens up a treasure chest of information on topics such as waterspouts, whirlpools, ocean shelves, tides and quakes, and the effects of pollution and global warming. Whether youre a salty sailor or a landlubber, The Handy Life In The Oceans GK Book is the perfect seaside companion. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241550	Housewifes Guide To Chinese Cooking	Aroona Reejhsinghani	PaperBack	A visit to a Chinese restaurant and a taste of Chinese corn soup, sweet and sour pork, braised shrimp, fried rice is occasional. Now you can cook all these appetizing delicacies yourself. Aroona Reejhsinghani, one of Indias prolific writers presents Chinese delicacies for your pleasure. She has collected world renowned Chinese recipes and has tried and tasted them in her own cuisine. So why not bring Chinese restaurant in your home? 	1972	Jaico Publishing House	156p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240570	The Art of South Indian Cooking	Aroona Reejhsinghani	PaperBack	Who in India has not heard of idli sambhar, dosa, avial and uppama? South Indian food is unique, colourful and satisfying. If you try it just once, you will want to try it over and over again because in spite of being very hot and spicy, it is a delight of every gourmets heart.In this book you will find recipes for all the popular dishes from South India. Each recipe in this book has been tried and tested and we hope you will enjoy preparing these recipes. 	1973	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240783	Delights From Goa	Aroona Reejhsinghani	PaperBack	Goans are masters in the culinary art. They are born viveurs and sumptuous meals are served on every feast and occasions. A visit to Goa and a taste of their wide range of delicious curries, Vindaloos, Sorpotels and Ballchows can turn you a life time lover of this cuisine. Now you can cook all these appetizing delicious meals yourself. Aroona Reejhsinghani brings to you the sweets and dessert, fishes and prawns, pickles and chutneys from this coastal region. 	1987	Jaico Publishing House	116p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240767	Oil-Less Cooking	Aroona Reejhsinghani	PaperBack	This exciting book of Aroona Reejhsinghani, shows you how to prepare cakes and cookies, biryanis and kebabs, curries and koftas without using even a drop of oil, ghee, vanaspati or butter. All the favourite Chinese, Indian and Continental dishes have been adopted to oil-less cooking. The recipes in this book have been tried and tasted in her own experimental kitchen. 	1988	Jaico Publishing House	124p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241526	Diet For Diabetics 	G. Padma Vijay	PaperBack	Diabeties is a common disease, with diet playing a major role in its control. Any diet for diabetics usually conjures up a vision of bland, unappetizing food. This book reassures the diabetic that delicious food is certainly not a thing of the past. With a variety of mouth-watering, nutritious and easy-to-make recipes, it is enough to tease the taste buds of every diabetic. The book also gives important information about diabeties, its signs and symptoms, the proportion of carbohydrates, fats and proteins to be taken, precautions and an obesity chart to check the danger level. 	1993	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241801	Delicious Recipes from Andhra	Karuna	PaperBack	Andhra cuisine can best be described in one word: tantalizing. Whether it is the tangy, sour pulusu, the flaming hot chutneys and pickles, or the mouth-watering sorrel (gongura), the flavours of Andhra Pradesh whip up your appetite again and again.A traditional Andhra meal is a gourmets delight. A splendid five-course affair, it begins with a chutney, powder or pickle (avakkai), followed by rice of course, a curry (rasam or sambhar), a pulusu and finally, the cooling yoghurt (perugu).This book brings you over a 100 authentic vegetarian and special non-vegetarian Andhra delights, all detailed with step-by-step instructions. Along with exciting your palate, it proves that cooking Andhra food can be as great a pleasure as eating it. 	1993	Jaico Publishing House	136p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245440	Chinese Cookery Secrets	Deh-Ta-Hsiung	PaperBack	Chinese Cookery Secrets reveals to you the simple secrets of Chinese kitchen. It is written by a person who has been involved with Chinese cookery since early childhood, who has taken lessons from some of the leading Chinese chefs in England and HongKong and who has spent a great deal of time in many restaurants in different parts of the world. The recipes presented here are arranged in groups according to various cooking method rather than the main ingredients to avoid too much unnecessary repetition of step-by-step cooking instruction for each individual recipe. The book is made simpler by including Chinese names for all the recipes. Planning menu and shopping guide chapters make this little book more interesting. 	1996	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245459	An Indian Housewifes Recipe Book	Laxmi Khurana	PaperBack	An Indian Housewifes Recipe Book is a collection of over 100 traditional Indian recipes. Besides covering the more popular meat and sundry cookery, this book covers an array of starters, snacks, raitas, chutneys, pickles, sweets, dals and vegetable dishes to give you the opportunity of trying them. Laxmi Khurana demolishes the myth that Indian cookery is cumbersome and time consuming. She presents simple and economical recipes made from ingredients and spices which are widely available. 	1996	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247702	Best of Indian Sweets & Desserts	Aroona Reejhsinghani	PaperBack	Prepare these mouth watering Indian sweets at home and entertain your family and guests... sweets that have nothing comparable the world over... sweets from Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Maharastra, Mysore, and all over India...and deserts that are equally delicious...crammed full of delighful recipes	2001	Jaico Publishing House	200p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920550	Ayurvedic Cooking	Shanti Gowans	PaperBack	Ayurvedic Cooking We are in an era where people are taking a more spiritual and respectful approach to their bodies. Be more aware  more in tune with your bodys inner voice. Your goal is to develop your own individual immune system to such a degree that the body becomes its own best physician. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	168p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923282	Salads for all occasions	Vijaya Hiremath	PaperBack	SALADS for all occasions presents unique recipes which individually constitute a full vegetarian salad meal. Using raw vegetables, sprouts and fruits, each recipe is so designed as to enhance the natural flavour of the ingredients. A dietitian has specially compiled nutritive values for each recipe which are spelt out in a chart. In addition to salads, the book contains recipes for dressings, raitas, chutneys and dry masalas using herbs and vegetarian ingredients. This is indeed a new and varied vista to vegetarian cuisine. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926273	Microwave Veg	Sarojini Menon	PaperBack	Microwave Veg provides relief from the monotonous, conventional and time consuming cooking. This guide has been specifically developed keeping the sub-continent taste bud in mind, documenting inventive recipes in cooking that cover diverse aspects of the Indian cuisine. Beginning with the tips in microwave cooking and the very basics of cooking - roasting papad, making pop-corn or roasting ground nuts, it effortlessly moves into preparing natural soups in the shortest of time, cooking tantalizing snacks to rice preparations. In order to provide variety and flavor to Microwave cooking, Menons book is also spiced with recipes from Kerala to preparing sauces, cakes, jams and sweet dishes.Guided by a step-by-step explanation of the recipes, you will realize that cooking is relatively quick and the results completely rewarding. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926281	Microwave Non-Veg	Sarojini Menon	PaperBack	Microwave Non-Veg provides relief from the monotonous, conventional and time consuming cooking. Keeping the sub-continent and international taste bud in mind it gives tips on microwave cooking. It effortlessly moves from preparing soups to cooking tantalizing mutton, chicken, fish and egg preparations. Which Indian treat is complete without its rice dishes? Ms. Menons cook book gives detailed guidance in preparing rice dishes that range from the traditional chicken biryani to the exotic mixed meat rice and prawn pulao. In order to provide variety and flavor to Microwave cooking, Ms. Menons book is also spiced with recipes to prepare cakes, pickles, and dishes from international cooking.Guided by a step-by-step explanation of the recipes, you will realize that cooking is relatively quick and the results completely rewarding. Surely, you wont just like Sarojini Menons Guide to Microwave cooking, you will love it. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	112p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927106	100 Ways To Cook Potatoes	Amrita S. Priya	PaperBack	100 Ways To Cook Potatoes is an attempt to showcase how the most common vegetable is culinarily so versatile.It is aimed towards not only those who love the potato and love trying different ways to cook it but also towards those who find it a boring vegetable. The author modestly challenges them to use this book and find out how this boring vegetable can be made interesting.Written in an easy-to-follow style, the author has given nutritional analysis at the end of each recipe. Through this book the author has attempted to solve the problem of many home cooks who wonder how to make a meal nutritious and at tasty as well.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	112p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929377	Khana Sutra	Zubin DSouza	PaperBack	This is definitely not a book for the timid, the faint- hearted and shy. What Khana Sutra really is, is the starting point of letting all your fantasies and inner desires come to life. It is a book that celebrates life and the creation of life sans the censorship whilst having fun in the process. It is a book of love and recipes to celebrate that love. Khana Sutra is a cheeky exploration of the past when subjects such as these were not taboo and could be openly discussed in civilized society. It started off as a cookbook but grew beyond those boundaries.These are tried and tested recipes. Some have been documented in historical books and others have been handed down orally over the generations. They are easy to prepare and the trivia is fun to read. Well, not as much fun as you are going to have once you have tried out the recipes! 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240384	The Heart Of India	Nirad C. Chaudhuri	PaperBack	The Continent of Circe is the result of the authors life-time effort to understand the nature of things. It describes the human situation in India after Independence. The author resorts to the historical method, and surprisingly encounters not staticity, but a continuing dynamic and even explosive process within which history and geography have worked to create dissimilar communities and endless conflicts. The highlight of this book is undoubtedly the authors imaginative interpretation of the Hindu personality based on original sources. Chaudhuris language is forceful and expressive, and his arguments are well defined and lucid. The book is the authors most compelling and authoritative work  a landmark in Indian history. 	1966	Jaico Publishing House	368p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240317	Brain Teasers	Ravi Narula	PaperBack	The more you use the brain, the more it grows. Many in this world have never had the pleasure of using ones brain. They know not what joy and gratification, what delight and satisfaction, what fun and contentment lies there in, and they know not what they are missing. So folks,here is a chance to catch up with others because, this book which will act as a 'rich protein diet that doctors say is essential for development of the brain. It offers to you a variety of thinkers, ticklers, teasers,squeezers and stranglers, that will turn and twist your brain and help you see a broader and bigger world before you. Thus making you proud when people call you intelligent, sharp, witty, humorous, quick, bright and logical. 	1976	Jaico Publishing House	228p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241089	Chess & Chess Tactics	Stanley Morrison,R.G. Wade & Raymond Bott	PaperBack	CHESS: A Beginners GuideThis book achieves more than teaching the beginner the mere mechanics of the game. By means of a straightforward text copiously illustrated and a novel system of practice exercises and test questions, the reader can readily establish familiarity with many of the underlying principles of chess. He can learn to assess the relative strength of his and his opponents position at any point in the game and at the same time find out how to set up winning moves.CHESS TACTICS: Puzzles For BeginnersThis book is designed to provide the keen chess player with a series of basic examples of chess tactics and a large number of puzzles which will prove of great value as practice exercises. The solution to each puzzle will be found at the end of the book. The 14 sections into which this volume is divided deal with all the most significant tactical aspects of the game, including Knight Forks, The Pin, The Skewer, Discovered Check, Pawn Promotion, and Obstruction and Checkmates by Rooks, Bishops, Knights and the Queen. TWO BOOKS IN ONE 	1989	Jaico Publishing House	238p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242212	The Great Book of Puzzles & Teasers	George J. Summers	PaperBack	This book consists of 75 utterly original and totally tantalizing brain teasers from master puzzler George J. Summers. He brings out fascinating challenges in situations as common as a game of tic-tac-toe or tennis, or as strange as a land of habitual Truthtellers and Liars. These puzzles and teasers are constructed with clues, helpful solution and detailed answers that show you step-by-step how a teaser or a puzzle is unravelled.	1989	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240058	Biggest Riddle Book in The World	Joseph Rosenbloom	PaperBack	2000 more of the best and worst riddle ever invented before! This collection provides a rich source of riddles for children of any age or stage of intellectual attainment. There are simple riddles and complex ones, outright gags and mental puzzlers, pun and conumdrums, classic riddles and contemporary ones. You will find answers to such questions as - How do mice kiss? - Why did the projector blush? -What goes clomp, clomp, clomp, squish? And riddles about everything under the sun. This giant riddle book will not only provide endless hours of amusement, but will also help to stimulate intellectual growth.	1992	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241194	The Worlds Best Party Games	Sheila Ann Barry	PaperBack	The Worlds Best Party Games brings you over 100 of the most popular games in town that are simple to plan and easy to play before a party. Games that will help everyone to relax, that will provide lots of action, plenty of laughter, along with challenging test-your-wits. The illustrated instructions are easy to follow. 	1992	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244584	Teach your Child to Swim	Geoffrey Budworth	PaperBack	Starting with the toddler or even a baby, parents can provide all the help and training needed with Teach Your Child To Swim. In this step-by-step programme, the child is first familiarised with water and then taught how to swim a short distance with a rudimentary home-made stroke. Geoffrey is a highly qualified and experienced swimming teacher and coach, and an accomplished long distance open-water swimmer.	1995	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244665	The Right Way to Play Chess	Pritchard	PaperBack	Chess is the most popular indoor game in the world, and The Right Way To Play Chess has now served as tutor to the whole generation of readers. The author D.B. Pritchard draws new inspiration from the latest developments in the game. Yet, because the basics remain invariable, Pritchards teaching method retains its unique permenance and authority. The book is planned to take the beginnner to the rank expected of a good club player.	1995	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249454	The Biggest & Best Book of Party Games & Activities	Penny Warner	PaperBack	This big book of 180 party games and as many variations, ranging from the intellectual to the rowdy(even risque) puts the fun back into parties. The Biggest & Best Book of Party Games & Activities is full of word games, drawing games, knowledge games, memory games, and trivia games. Pick and choose to host your perfect party. For example, design a party around music romance, food, sports, and culture. All in all, The Biggest & Best Book of Party Games & Activities has more games and ideas than you'll find in any other party game book.	2002	Jaico Publishing House	180p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922367	Howzzat!	Nitaa Jaggi	PaperBack	Puzzles, Quizzes, Mazes & Facts on CricketThis book puts your mental powers to the test in a series of fascinating and challenging puzzles, quizzes and mazes. Each section, which is arranged in levels of ascending difficulty, contains a variety of questions to tease and stimulate your grey matter. The puzzles pose a range of problems that will stretch your skills and sharpen your thinking. The quizzes test your knowledge of cricket facts. This is the perfect book for every cricket fan who enjoy hours of challenging fun.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	100p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923037	300 Brain-twisting Puzzles	:c: Ken Russell & Philip Carter	PaperBack	300 Brain-twisting Puzzles is the perfect book for anyone who wants to test and challenge their mental powers. With hundreds of numbers, letters, words and visual conundrums of varying difficulty you can wrestle with problems of logic, grapple with baffling sequences and explore your lateral thinking skills.This book will entertain as much as it will exasperate and, finally, you may be astonished at how quickly you find yourself solving brain-teasers that once seemed downright impossible. Sharpen your IQ with this immense collection of visual, diagrammatic, letter and number puzzles. Each of the ten sections is composed of thirty questions to test different aspects of your IQ. It is specially designed to enable you to improve your performance as you work through it, and your rating can climb to exceptional by the end of the book. With 300 fascinating and thought-provoking questions to choose from, this is a must for every puzzle fan and anyone who wants to test their IQ to the limit. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	108p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923509	300 More Brain-Twisting Puzzles	:c: Ken Russell & Philip Carter	PaperBack	300 Brain-twisting Puzzles is the perfect book for anyone who wants to test and challenge their mental powers. With hundreds of numbers, letters, words and visual conundrums of varying difficulty you can wrestle with problems of logic, grapple with baffling sequences and explore your lateral thinking skills.This book will entertain as much as it will exasperate and, finally, you may be astonished at how quickly you find yourself solving brain-teasers that once seemed downright impossible. Sharpen your IQ with this immense collection of visual, diagrammatic, letter and number puzzles. Each of the ten sections is composed of thirty questions to test different aspects of your IQ. It is specially designed to enable you to improve your performance as you work through it, and your rating can climb to exceptional by the end of the book. With 300 fascinating and thought-provoking questions to choose from, this is a must for every puzzle fan and anyone who wants to test their IQ to the limit. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	108p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249969	Instant Parties	Grosscup & O-Connor Tazelaar	PaperBack	Instant parties are the wave of the future. Theyre happenin. Theyre now. Literally. Its what instant means. If you have tableware, music, a wee bit of know-how in the kitchen, and a few this-and-thats to use for props, you can whip up any one of fifty instant parties in a matter of hours. And this book shows you how to do it without even breaking into a sweat. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925633	The Best Of Sudoku	Dhaval Bathia	PaperBack	Master Sudoku With This Comprehensive GuidebookThe addictive Sudoku puzzle has captivated millions of people across USA, UK, Australia, India and other countries. This book is intended to help a beginner understand the puzzle and learn how to solve it. Those already conversant with sudoku will discover a variety of secret tools and strategies to crack even the toughest puzzles with ease. The 100-plus puzzles in this book offer different levels of difficulty for puzzles buffs to crack. In addition, you get a chance to join the Sudoku Lovers Club, a worldwide community of sudoku enthusiasts and share puzzles, techniques and strategies.About the AuthorDhaval Bathia is a 22-year-old student. He is a renowned mathematician, orator and best-selling author of two books. His presentations have appeared in a number of newspapers, television shows and radio channels. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	116p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928400	250 Mind-bending IQ Puzzles	:c: Joe Cameron	PaperBack	250 Mind-bending IQ Puzzles is an entertaining and sometimes baffling test of your mental powers.Arranged in levels of ascending difficulty the puzzles pose a range of problems that will stretch your skills and sharpen your thinking. This is the perfect book for every puzzle fan who wants to push their IQ to the limit and enjoy hours of challenging fun.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	112p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928417	250 More Mind-bending IQ Puzzles	:c: Joe Cameron	PaperBack	250 More Mind-bending IQ Puzzles is an entertaining and sometimes baffling test of your mental powers.Arranged in levels of ascending difficulty the puzzles pose a range of problems that will stretch your skills and sharpen your thinking. This is the perfect book for every puzzle fan who wants to push their IQ to the limit and enjoy hours of challenging fun. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	104p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928424	250 IQ Brain-teasers	:c: Joe Cameron	PaperBack	250 IQ Brain-teasers puts your mental powers to the test in a series of fascinating and challenging puzzles.Divided into 10 levels of ascending difficulty, each section contains a variety of questions to tease and stimulate your grey matter.Think logical. Think rational. Think lateral.This is the perfect book for puzzle fans who want to push their IQ levels to the maximum and enjoy hours of challenging fun.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	108p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928431	250 More IQ Brain-teasers	:c: Joe Cameron	PaperBack	250 More IQ Brain-teasers puts your mental powers to the test in a series of fascinating and challenging puzzles.Divided into 10 levels of ascending difficulty, each section contains a variety of questions to tease and stimulate your grey matter.Think logical. Think rational. Think lateral.This is the perfect book for puzzle fans who want to push their IQ levels to the maximum and enjoy hours of challenging fun. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	108p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928592	The Big Book Of Mind-bending Puzzles	Terry Stickels	PaperBack	Perplexing Puzzles for Every Interest and Skill LevelIf variety is the spice of life, then this humongous collection of diverse puzzles will add gusto to your days. Its filled with ten different types of conundrums, from world brain-teasers to visual bafflers, from math cranium crushers to logic mind bashers.Take your time and enjoy the challenges inside. You might want to develop expertise at one puzzle category at a time before moving on. Or maybe youd prefer to skip around randomly. Either way, youll never grow bored.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	336p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925919	The Theory Of Everything	Stephen Hawking	PaperBack	Stephen Hawking is widely believed to be one of the worlds greatest minds: a brilliant theoretical physicist whose work helped to reconfigure models of the universe and to redefine whats in it. Imagine sitting in a room listening to Hawking discuss these achievements and place them in historical context. It would be like hearing Christopher Columbus on the New World.Hawking presents a series of seven lec-turescovering everything from big bang to black holes to string theorythat capture not only the brilliance of Hawkings mind but his characteristic wit as well. Of his research on black holes, which absorbed him for more than a decade, he says, It might seem a bit like looking for a black cat in a coal cellar.Hawking begins with a history of ideas about the universe, from Aristotles determination that the Earth is round to Hubbles discovery, over 2000 years later, that the universe is expanding. Using that as a launching pad, he explores the reaches of modern physics, including theories on the origin of the universe (e.g., the big bang), the nature of black holes, and space-time. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	140p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927939	The Theory Of Everything (With CD)	Stephen Hawking	PaperBack	Collectors Edition with Audiobook read by the AuthorStephen Hawking is widely believed to be one of the worlds greatest minds: a brilliant theoretical physicist whose work helped to reconfigure models of the universe and to redefine whats in it. Imagine sitting in a room listening to Hawking discuss these achievements and place them in historical context. It would be like hearing Christopher Columbus on the New World.Hawking presents a series of seven lec-turescovering everything from big bang to black holes to string theorythat capture not only the brilliance of Hawkings mind but his characteristic wit as well. Of his research on black holes, which absorbed him for more than a decade, he says, It might seem a bit like looking for a black cat in a coal cellar.Hawking begins with a history of ideas about the universe, from Aristotles determination that the Earth is round to Hubbles discovery, over 2000 years later, that the universe is expanding. Using that as a launching pad, he explores the reaches of modern physics, including theories on the origin of the universe (e.g., the big bang), the nature of black holes, and space-time. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	140p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929926	God Is Not Dead	Amit Goswami	PaperBack	God Is Not Dead is a fascinating guided tour of quantum physics, consciousness, and the existence and experience of God. University of Oregon physics professor Amit Goswami shows readers that Gods existence can be found in clues that the science of quantum physics reveals.Goswami helps readers to break free of a Newtonian, materialistic view of reality to the fascinating quantum experience of God. In fact, God Is Not Dead argues for a quantum activism, leading a balanced life that incorporates both the quantum and material worlds  and an experience of consciousness.God Is Not Dead will challenge readers to change how they think  and experience  the nature of reality, the existence of souls, the power of dreams, the university of love, and the very mind of God.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244347	1221 World's Choicest Jokes	Mittal & Gupta	PaperBack	Ever since the time Adam told Eve the first joke in the Garden of Eden, jokes have continued to keep people regaling in laughter. Laughter is the best medicine to sound health, makes you feel positively young and give soothing effect to a weary, depressed mind. This collection of 1221 jokes will help to create a congenial atmosphere around you. It is a golden treasury of smiles, peels of laughter and guffaws. 	1995	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244363	A To Z Book of Jokes	N. Subramanian	PaperBack	Without a sense of humour the world would have gone to blazes long ago. - Shri Aurobindo. True, humour plays a great role in the lives of people. In this stressful atmosphere of modern world, humour is necessary to break the monotony and to inject a fresh air of enthusiasm. This collection of jokes present humour to the seekers of pleasure and have them enjoy spells of laughter. The jokes have been generated from Rotary Club meetings and magazines like Readers Digest and Wisdom and caters to different categories of people.	1995	Jaico Publishing House	188p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244576	The Public Speakers Joke Book	Kevin Goldstein - Jackson	PaperBack	Yes, Its less than a penny a joke!The ideal book for the public speaker (or for a hilarious read on a plane on train journey or for a chuckle in bed).Jokes for every occasion: business functions, conventions, dinners, weddings, kids partiesnever be lost for a humorous quip.Overs 500 jokes.Easy-to-find joke directory and jokes arranged by subject.From the old to the new, from the bold to the slightly blue, from the groan-making to side-splitting, The Public Speakers Joke Book caters for all.	1995	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245424	Joke After Joke	Kevin Goldstein - Jackson	PaperBack	Humorist, writer and TV producer/ director, Kevin Goldstein-Jackson, makes people roar with laughter with his other best-selling paperfront The Right Joke for the Right Occasion. The aspiring raconteur will recognise in this book once more the unmistakable rapier thrusts of the master, as with uncanny attention to timing and detail, he unleashes joke, after joke, after joke....With over six hundred jokes in handy ABC order, plus a brilliant subject suitability directory, here is laughter on tap. Quick quips, side splitters, delayed action jokes that explode long after the punch line is dealt  these and many others will have your friends bent double, helplessly beseeching you to stop joke, after joke, after joke... 	1996	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246412	The Right Joke for the Right Occasion	Kevin Goldstein - Jackson	PaperBack	Whether you are searching for a joke about artificial insemination, the birds and the bees, or about camels, cars or cats  you should find it here. You can locate your joke, either by consulting the quick-reference subject suitability list, or by making use of the A-Z sequence of the book. Everyone can reduce their friends to helpless peals, ripples, tickles, bubbles, squeaks, hoots and tears of laughter with this joke directory! 	1997	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246420	Best of Marriage Jokes	Hiresh Rayasam	PaperBack	Best of Marriage Jokes takes a refreshingly jocular view of one of societys most ancient institution. When you pool in all ingredients of married life, the result is a rib-tickling brew. This collection is replete with sparkling anecdotes and pungent wisecracks. It journeys through all aspects of martrimony, from courtship, honeymoons and weddings to babies, mothers-in-laws and divorce. And there are jokes ranging from the utterly droll to the absolutely riotous. 	1997	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928523	40 Days and 1001 Nights	Tamalyan Dallal	PaperBack	Simplistic perceptions of the Islamic world quickly dissolve in 40 Days and 1001 Nights as globetrotting American dancer, author and filmmaker Tamalyn Dallal takes you on an unforgettable journey.Without an agenda or expectations, Ms. Dallal sets out to live in five Islamic cultures for 40 days each. She finds herself in the tsunami-ravaged city of Banda Aceh, Indonesia, then ventures deep into the Egyptian Sahara to the Siwa Oasis, where donkey carts are the main form of transport. She follows a beautiful song to the forgotten island of Zanzibar, where sun and surf crash against a tumultuous past. Next, she lands in Jordan, a peaceful kingdom and haven for refugees from strife-torn lands, and finally spends 40 days in Chinas largest province, the predominantly Muslim Xinjiang Autonomous Region.Join the adventure, release your fears and gain a new perspective on a wide slice of our world that we hear so much and know so little about. You will be surprised, delighted and sometimes shocked at the fascinating web of true-life tales told by this 21st century Scheherezade.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	336p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929605	The Last Tourist in Iran	Nicholas Hagger	PaperBack	The first book on Iran to combine travelogue with in-depth historical reflection.The Last Tourist in Iran looks at the cultural heritage and present nuclear crisis in Iran. A source of Western civilization, it may be destroyed by its main beneficiary. This tour of Iran explores the rich history of this pivotal country: the Achaemenians (Cyrus/Darius/Xerxes), the Sasanians, the Zoroastrian religion of 2,500 years ago; the Islamic period, the Safavids, and the Revolution which dethroned the Shah and made Iran an Islamic Republic. The Islamic idea is caught by observations of the well of the Hidden Imam and of its expression through the architecture, tiles and calligraphy of historical mosques. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	TRV000000
9788184950038	The Man Who Swam The Amazon	Martin Strel & Matthew Mohlke	PaperBack	Martin Strel looks like your typical middle-aged bloke. But he swims the longest rivers in the world to raise awareness for clean water. Martin would complete the most dangerous swim in human history, or die trying.In 2007, after 66 days, he became the first person to swim the Amazon, 3,274 miles from the Peruvian Andes to the Atlantic shores of Brazil. Millions followed his progress online. On this extraordinary journey he dodged piranhas and river pirates, met indigenous tribes who either revered him as a god or chased him with machetes. Like pioneers who climbed Everest or explored the poles, he shifted the limits of human capability. His story  of exhaustion, illness, bravery and determination  is an inspiration to people everywhere. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	232p	English			1	TRV000000
9788184950243	Spiritual India Handbook	Stephen Knapp	PaperBack	This book is for anyone who wants to know of the many holy sites that you can visit while traveling within India, how to reach them, and what is the history and significance of these most spiritual of sacred sites, temples, and festivals. It also provides a deeper understanding of the mysteries and spiritual traditions of India.This book includes: Descriptions of the temples and their architecture, and what you will see at each place. Explanations of holy places of Hindus, Buddhists, Sikhs, Jains, Parsis, and Muslims. The spiritual benefits a person acquires by visiting them.This book goes beyond the usual descriptions of the typical tourist attractions and opens up the spiritual venue waiting to be revealed for a far deeper experience on every level.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	592p	English			1	TRV000000
9788184950267	Scoop-Wallah	Justine Hardy	PaperBack	You should be writing on one of our great Indian papers, then you will really be starting to understand us.A chance conversation with her greengrocer about the medias portrayal of India inspired journalist Justine Hardy to leave London and, following in the footsteps of Rudyard Kipling, spend a year reporting for an Indian newspaper.Following the direction of her eccentric landlord  an erstwhile Rajput prince  and an editor at The Indian Express, her new life takes her across the Himalayas, Assam tea gardens and city slums, exploring marriage, spirituality and the remnants of Empire in the heart of modern India.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	336p	English			1	TRV000000
9788179926925	Power And Protocol For Getting To The Top	Jeffrey P. Davidson	PaperBack	If you are busy, here is the ultimate quick read  zeroing in on valuable techniques and strategies that have to improve your success in Business and in your Personal Life. You must master the appropriate rituals and protocol to excel in todays competitive business and social environments. Power and Protocol for Getting to the Top delivers hundred of insights and tips.Power And Protocol For Getting To The Top provides an insiders look at how other successful people cultivate the right image and make the right moves to get to the top of their profession.Invest in this book and you will sharpen your ability to confidently market yourself to the people at the top. Youll quickly discover the areas of your behavior that need enhancement  and focus on the qualities required for advancement up the corporate and personal ladder of success. This is the perfect merger of the etiquette/protocol genre with the business/success book.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927199	Sack Your Boss: Quit your Job and turn your passion into your profession	Jonathan Jay	PaperBack	Quit Your Job And Turn Your Passion Into Your ProfessionHave you ever dreamed of turning the tables and sacking your boss?Now you can join the growing number of people who are setting up their own businesses and who choose to rely on their own initiative to build a thriving enterprise.Sack Your Boss is written by someone whos done it  successfully. Jonathan Jay turned his own business idea into a storming success and, in this book, offers practical, down-to-earth advice on how you can do it too. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	180p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249470	What Smart People Do When Dumb Things Happen At Work	Charles E. Watson	PaperBack	Millions of people struggle every day to succeed in their chosen careers, and for many the most difficult part is not the work itself, but the steady stream ofperplexing human relationship problems that their schoolbooks ignored. What Smart People Do When Dumb Things Happen is loaded with hundred of tips about real-life situations. This workplace problem-solver shows you practical, experince-tested ways to deal with all the blunders, glitches, traps, and setbacks that sabotage your road to success.	2001	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925781	Message for Managers	K. Nagarajan	PaperBack	Management is an art and a science as well. Message for Managers offers valuable insights into the art of managing business efficiently. The simple yet basic messages contained in the stories offer helpful hints. Managers at all levels will learn how to: delegate tasks to the right people distinguish between appreciation and flattery avoid making hasty decisions handle failures and learn from them encourage and motivate the subordinates	2006	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926370	How To Work For An Idiot	John Hoover	PaperBack	How to Work for an Idiot is the confession of a recovering I-Boss (Idiot Boss). After decades of writing and consulting, John Hoover, also known as Dr. John, finally realized that the vast majority of people he kept trying to energize, to motivate, and to enlighten were, wellidiots. He also realized that he was an idiot for trying to change them. Instead, he has decided to enlighten you, the poor schlubs, who actually must continue working for these Idiot bosses. You cannot change them. You cannot challenge them. And no, you cannot practice anything on them you saw on CSI or even CSI: Miami. But, you can survive them, even thrive under them, if only you know how to deal with them.So, despair no longerthis book offers hope for the spirit, strategy for the mind, and the essential ins-and-outs of dealing with an Idiot boss. And it wouldnt hurt Idiot-bosses themselves to take a look at what Dr. John says in this book. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	252p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926494	Monkey Business	William Oncken, III	PaperBack	When managers are plagued by reverse delegation, the monkeys (assignments) end up on their backs and desks rather than those of their subordinates. Thus, many managers find themselves running out of time while their employees are running out of workthey fall behind in their employees work as well as in their own.This book underscores the value of assigning, delegating, and controlling the monkeys that dominate a managers time by partnering with employees for their care and feeding.Effective managers eliminate reverse delegation by training their employee to become self-reliant (rather than boss-reliant) members of an interdependent team, freeing up time for (1) key personal and professional relationships and (2) planning, organizing, leading, and making sure things stay on track, on time, and under budget.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	164p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926591	Was Your Boss Raised by Wolves?	Gerald M. Groe, Ph.D.	PaperBack	Was your boss raised by wolves? You know, that guy you live with every day who snarls and snaps at you? The one who goes out of his way to continually establish his dominance and protect his turf? The answer for most of us is probably yes. How do you survive such a carnivore? How do you tame a wolf and avoid being gobbled-up in the organizational food chain? Was Your Boss Raised By Wolves? Surviving the Organizational Food Chain shows you how to avoid falling victim to the wolf pack, how to read the organizational signs of territoriality, how to avoid a p**sing contest with your boss (otherwise, you will invariably be the one to get wet), how to tame the wolf by influencing his/her managerial style, and how to better position and market yourself. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926613	Who's That Sitting At My Desk?	Jan Yager	PaperBack	Workship is what Jan Yager calls the essential work relationship that is more than an acquaintance but less than a friendship. Based on a survey of 400 men and women and 100+ interviews, this useful book explores positively connecting at work with those who appreciate you and dealing more effectively with foes trying to sabotage you.Find out how to... start, and maintain, a workship have friends at work without accusations of favoritism manage opposite-sex business friendships deal with 14 types of foes you might encounter cultivate relationships with movers and shakers have valuable work relationships even if you work alone and lots more 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242700	The New Managerial Grid	Robert R. Blake & Jane S. Mouton	PaperBack	The New Managerial Grid is a comprehensive revision in the light of the author's twenty-five years experience. It provides strategic new insights in boss or subordinate behaviour and its effects upon organization productivity and individual effectiveness. In addition to examining managerial theories, describing various facades, deceptive strategies, and proven diagnostic system, the book also contains several complete new features. One includes the correlation of extreme managerial styles with mental and physical health. 	1985	Jaico Publishing House	384p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928455	Your Inner CEO	Allan Cox	PaperBack	Helping top executives answer the difficult questions about performance, leadership, relationships, and success has taught Cox a lot about what it takes to master the top job. In this ground-breaking book, he shares these secrets with you, whether you are the CEO of a Fortune 500 Company, president of the local school board, the managing partner of a law firm, the founder of a brand-new start-up, or simply the head of a corporation of one. To succeed in the top job, people must attain grounding, a confident and accurate self-awareness that can guide them through all the tough situations and decisions theyll encounter as a leader. Your Inner CEO teaches leaders exactly how to attain that grounding, get in touch with their inner CEO, and unleash its full power. With numerous case studies, war stories, practical tools, and exercises, Your Inner CEO turns a new philosophy of leadership into a practical, applied program that can help anyone become a world-class leader. Youll learn to uncover your hidden goals, face your fears, summon your strengths, and propel yourself towards the future you want. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928684	The 60 Second Self-Starter	Jeff Davidson	PaperBack	Sixty Solid Techniques for Motivating Yourself at WorkYou can bust procrastination in one minute flat!Do you feel like you want to give up on your To-Do List before you even start? In todays 24/7 world, we could all use an eight-day week. There is no better time than the present to get motivated and get organized. The 60 Second Procrastinator is a simple, effective, hands-on guide that you can use to dismantle obstacles that are barriers to productivity. Here are just a few of the 60 immediately applicable techniques: Create a reward system  Find a motivation buddy  Review priorities  Set goals  Use deadlines  Utilize breaks strategically  Visualize successThe tips in The 60 Second Self-Starter keep your energy level high and your frustration level low. After only a few minutes spent with this book, youll be spending less time obsessing and more time doing! 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	184p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928691	The 60 Second Organizer	Jeff Davidson	PaperBack	Sixty Solid Techniques For Beating Chaos At Home And At WorkThe secrets to busting disorganization in one minute flat!Among the 60 immediately applicable techniques:Start simply  Defeat perfectionism  Organize with flow charts  Reward yourself  Track progress  Organize spaces strategically There is no better time than the present to get motivated and get organized. The 60 Second Organizer is an easy-to-read, enjoyable, effective guide you can use to tame the paper tiger and beat the stress and chaos of disorganization. Here are 60 solid techniquesone for each minute of the hourfor getting and staying organized at home and at work.The tips in The 60 Second Organizer help you streamline your life and maintain order at the office, at home, in the car, and places in between. The 60 Second Organizer is a motivational jumpstart to drop the excuses and get organized! 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	204p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929162	Is Your Boss Mad?	Jill Walker	PaperBack	A company is like a tree full of monkeys. The ones at the top look down and all they see is lots of happy faces smiling up at them. The monkeys down below look up into the branches above and all they can see are arseholes...If youve ever suffered because of the behaviour of a bad boss, this is the book for you.Is Your Boss Mad? will teach you how to deal with bosses who are bullies or who let you down. It allows you to identify, from the interview process onwards, what sort of boss you may be letting yourself in for. The strategies suggested for coping with your mad boss are not hypothetical; they are practical instructions to improve your communication skills, body language and actions.The boss didnt come with a user manual  till now!This is also a book for the bosses. There is a recognised link between happy employees and happy customers, and its accepted that a happy customer is likely to be more valuable than an unhappy one. Do you have happy employees? 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	236p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929599	Gandhian Management	Ram Pratap	PaperBack	Gandhiji carved a philosophy which he nurtured and upheld throughout his life, only to be known later as Gandhian Philosophy. The three cardinals of Gandhian Philosophy  truth, love and non-violence  are so coherent, cohesive and co-focal that the absence of even one breaches the wholesomeness of the structure. However, all these elements ought to be understood across a much wider plane and in a much deeper sense beyond the threshold of their common meanings.The importance of the human factor in contemporary management can be seen in its finest form in Gandhian Management. Gandhijis humanitarian canvas was so global, and clarion call for natural justice so intense that he became an institution by himself much before the world discovered this reality.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	152p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950205	Karmic, Inc.	Pujan Roka	PaperBack	More and more organizations and management scholars are acknowledging the need to find new ways to motivate workers and make them creative and effective. The traditional management models, which are based on best practices that were suitable for the industrial age, are no longer effective to take organizations to new heights and create fulfilling work lives for their workers. Hierarchies, bureaucracy, control, and processes are preventing the information age workers to explore and realize their true potential and help their organizations to grow to new heights. Workers and organizations are yearning for new ways to become creative, competitive, and most importantly meaningful and purpose-driven.Karmic, Inc. introduces a new management paradigm that goes above, and beyond traditional management thinking. It shows ways to fuel the growth and vitality of the information age workers and organizations. As the information age evolves to the new age of knowledge and wisdom, organizations need the tools described in this book to thrive. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929711	Indian Railways Turnaround	R.N. Misra	PaperBack	It is a dramatic situation; a U-turn for the Indian Railways  a loss-ridden organisation suddenly gets converted into a profit-earning establishment. It has been termed as the great turnaround  the process and programme to rejuvenate the Railways economy, to create strength within the organisation by edging over others to have the competitive advantage and generate profits through services provided at affordable and reasonable rates.In this book an attempt has been made to analyse the growth pattern of the Railways  its ups and downs; its managerial form and structure; its commercial framework, the new challenges which it is facing, and the progress report of its moving from doom to boom. This study has also given a profile of the leader of this movement and his style of working.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950878	23 Reasons why Businesses Fail and what you can do about it	Barry Thomsen	PaperBack	Every year, more than a million people start a new small business with drive, enthusiasm, and dreams of success. Unfortunately, about the same number every year go out of business.After 30 years in many of his own small businesses and helping others, Barry Thomsen has seen pretty much all the things that can go wrong, all the solutions that just dont work, and all the ways to keep the doors open...if only for another month. There is a lot more to starting, running, and succeeding at a business than buying a nice sign and ordering business cards.There are many common-sense answers to the everyday problems that affect most small businesses. An owner must meet these head-on...or head them off before they start. 23 Reasons why Businesses Fail and what you can do about it will help you survive when it seems like bullets are coming from every direction at once. Youll learn tried-and-true ways to deal with everything from poor cash flow, bad publicity, and unanticipated market changes to problem employees, irate customers, and weather disasters. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929988	Business Information Systems	Prithwis Mukerjee	PaperBack	Business Information Systems introduces students and business managers to the key elements of software systems engineering in a manner that is radically different from that found in any contemporary textbook. Structured as a dialogue between an expert and a novice  in the Upanishadic traditions of India  it leads the reader through the technology issues and management processes that are crucial for the successful deployment of information systems. Cutting out abstract, theoretical topics, the book focuses on what is minimally sufficient for a practicing manager and yet provides enough details to take the reader up to the point where he or she can actually create and deploy web-based applications without the help of professional programmers.Key Features An unusual but unique and equally effective interaction structure between an expert and a novice has been maintained throughout the book. Readers should be well acquainted with the technology issues and management processes that are crucial for the successful deployment of information systems. Provides enough details so that the readers may themselves create and deploy web-based applications without the help of professional programmers	2009	Jaico Publishing House	218p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929384	Indian Business Etiquette	Raghu Palat	PaperBack	It is becoming extremely important for business executives to know how to conduct themselves in a business environment. This book covers every aspect of business etiquette: It explains the importance of the first impression It tells you on what you should wear and when It explains how you should introduce yourself and others It helps you to decipher body language It details the niceties of office etiquette It unravels the mystery of the art of fine dining It tells you how you should conduct yourselfIn short it equips you to venture forth in the business world confident in the knowledge that you know exactly what to do in every circumstance. This book is intended for the student, the young business executive, the manager and even the chief executive officer. It is for everyone who has to relate with another in a business environment.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922014	Successful Negotiating	Ginny Pearson Barnes	PaperBack	The secret to winning negotiations: Let the other person have your way.Successful Negotiating teaches you to abandon the negative myths about negotiation and learn to build relationships as well as get results. Youll be more confident and successful every time you negotiate by learning: (1) The eight essential steps of win-win negotiation.(2) How to overcome the fear of confrontation.and more..Written in a friendly, interactive format, Successful Negotiating gives you all the guidance you need to become an expert negotiator - right now.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922022	A New Attitude	Marian Thomas	PaperBack	Attitude: The One Simple Secret to Success. Its your choice - Will you survive at your job or thrive at it? The difference boils down to one word: attitude. A positive attitude can make a bad job tolerable or a good one great. It can make you happier, healthier, and more productive. And, most important, it can make you successful.A New Attitude teaches you how to make your attitude work for you rather than against you. The techniques provided encourage you to believe in yourself, attack problems head-on, look for the bright side in any situation, and rely on your sense of humor.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922030	Peak Performers	Board of :e: National Press	PaperBack	Get The Best From Yourself, Your Co-Workers, & Your Staff.Are your employees driven to excel... or comfortable just doing enough to get by? As a manager or supervisor, youve probably found that one of your toughest challenges is motivating your people to deliver exceptional performance. In this handbook, you'll discover how to improve employee motivation through five key areas: team-building, communication, delegation, recognition, and financial incentives. Youll learn what works and what doesnt in todays volatile, ever-changing business environment.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922049	The Power Of Innovative Thinking	Jim Wheeler	PaperBack	Are myths about thinking and innovation holding you back? Are you interested in getting outside your box? Would you like to work smarter, not harder? Do you sometimes wish you could see a problem through someone elses eyes just so you could get a fresh perspective?The power of INNOVATIVE THINKING is a practical and motivational book that leads you to generate new ideas on your own and unlock the creativity stored inside you. The exercises and advice in this breakthrough book will help you open your mind to explore options youve known all along but didnt know how to reach.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925889	Fundamentals of Business: Principles & Practice	S.K. Mandal	PaperBack	Understanding the business processes and principles is integral to the practice of good management. The focus of this book is to develop a coherent knowledge of the principles and practices of modern business management processes with an emphasis on applications. Key features: Based on Indian experiences with focus on building a strong foundation for management studies Covers principles and practices in the present global business environment Includes topics on specialized management subjects like operations, human resource, finance, marketing and strategic management Emerging concepts of management explained	2006	Jaico Publishing House	464p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172243871	Top Class Management	Richard Graham & Edwin Singer	HardBound	Effective training builds on aspiring managers; need to acquire and practice a wide range of new skills. This superb book provides a compact portfolio of all the crucial components.Making extensive use of the highly successful courses run by the authors at British Rail and a leading rubber company, along with many incisive case studies from retailing, manufacturing, transportation and the public sector, it explains the nature of business, the market economy and management professionalism. Later chapters set out the basic philosophy and principles of: learning by doing making things happen through people do-it yourself strategic planning listening to the market and caring for customers harnessing data and measuring results working with groups and leading from the front reviewing and improving your performance becoming a better managerFor anyone involved in developing managers or establishing a learning organization and all managers keen to get ahead Graham and Singer offer both plentiful practical guidance and a unique stimulus to success.	1995	Jaico Publishing House	284p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172243871	Top Class Management	Richard Graham & Edwin Singer	PaperBack	Effective training builds on aspiring managers; need to acquire and practice a wide range of new skills. This superb book provides a compact portfolio of all the crucial components.Making extensive use of the highly successful courses run by the authors at British Rail and a leading rubber company, along with many incisive case studies from retailing, manufacturing, transportation and the public sector, it explains the nature of business, the market economy and management professionalism. Later chapters set out the basic philosophy and principles of: learning by doing making things happen through people do-it yourself strategic planning listening to the market and caring for customers harnessing data and measuring results working with groups and leading from the front reviewing and improving your performance becoming a better managerFor anyone involved in developing managers or establishing a learning organization and all managers keen to get ahead Graham and Singer offer both plentiful practical guidance and a unique stimulus to success.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	284p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922391	50 Essential Management Techniques	Michael Ward	PaperBack	50 Essential Management Techniques brings together a formidable array of tools designed to improve managerial performance. For each entry the author introduces the techniques in question, explains how it works, then goes on to show how it can be used to solve an actual problem. The fifty techniques are grouped into subject areas, ranging from strategy to learning. For managers in every type of organization and at any level, as well for students and consultants, this book is likely to become an indispensable source. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	234p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249055	8 Core Values of The Japanese Businessman	Yasutaka Sai	PaperBack	The Japanese are hard to understand'. So say many people, but what makes this understanding so difficult is the fact that their values are diverse and often polarised. This book entitled The Eight Core Values of the Japanese Businessman brings out some of the most commonly shared values of the Japanese business organisation. Values like group orientation, diligence, perfectionism, curiosity etc. depicts the thinking and behaviour of a Japanese. Further, the book focuses on the customs, and the work ethics of a Japanese management. A number of theories and history of natural disaster have been cited as a principal influence on Japanese values. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	178p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249977	Business Management: The Gita Way	Swami Someswarananda	PaperBack	In this book we have noted down the changes required. But, based on a strong Foundation. The problem is, we lack a strong foundation. And this we does not mean only Indians, but the whole world. We have to question many of our theories Business Management needs to be re-defined. We took the cue from the Gita to search for the answers There are many books on Gita & management so, Instead of quoting shlokas from the gita we focused on the solutions to the above problems For example, the Gita says: Yagnarthat karmanah (work is to be done in the spirit of yagna) and parasparam bhavayantah (Yagna is nurturing eachother). In this book we tried to concentrate on the implementation aspect of these teachings instead of giving a detailed meaning of these shlokas. However, a chapter is devoted to that scripture (Gita & Business Growth) to make the readers acquainted with the basic principles. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	152p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921026	The Complete Guide to Modern Management	:e: Robert Heller	PaperBack	The Complete Guide to Modern Management is an annual collection of studies by leading professionals, covering the entire range of vital management concerns from strategy to logistic in practical and concise style. The book bridges the most challenging dateline industry has faced since the war, the advent of a single European market and covers crucial aspects of competing in new Europe, from making Euro-mergers to finding your Euro-market, from creating cross-border brands to mastering European demands for service.	2003	Jaico Publishing House	422p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924084	Chanakya on Management	Ashok R. Garde	PaperBack	Canakyas Arthasastra deals with the different aspects of managing a kingdom, including management of men. The principles contained in Canakyas work have the unique distinction of being used successfully in practice to achieve good results on a sustainable basis. The management principles used in the USA or in Japan are derived from their own cultural background. There exists enough evidence to show that these systems, even when meticulously and earnestly adopted in India, rarely take roots or produce the desired results. We need to look for those principles that make sense in our own social and work culture and which would hopefully deliver better results for all concerned - the customers, the investors, the employees and the society. This book on the management philosophy and practice of Canakya is the authors earnest attempt to help Indian readership to become familiar with the great work of the First Total Management Guru of the world.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	264p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172243715	How to Delegate: A Guide to Getting Things Done	Herbert Engel	PaperBack	Effective delegation requires an understanding of the principles of management as well as human behaviour. It needs learning how systems are organized and how people work together. This guide indicates which delegating techniques work and explains why some that ought to work may bear undesirable results. Examples and case studies are provided based on authors many years of experience as a teacher and consultant as well as a delegator in public and private sectors. 	1994	Jaico Publishing House	264p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246048	9 Most Powerful Ways to Improve Your People Skills	George W. Fotis	PaperBack	The concept of this book is drawn from the authors 70 years experience in the world of international business management. The book based on improving personal effectiveness a program evolved to promote individuals with high potential for steady career progress on the management track. It presents nine powerful interactive people skills to help readers realize and reinforce their own capabilities in interpersonal encounters. 	1997	Jaico Publishing House	116p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922154	How to Deal With People Problems & Problem People	Ken Lloyd	PaperBack	If your manager constantly criticizes you, ignores you, ridicules you, or doesnt listen to you, How to Deal With People Problems & Problem People is for you.If your co-worker refuses to be a team player, takes all the credit, brags constantly, or spreads rumors, How to Deal With People Problems & Problem People is for you.Whether the jerks you work with are your managers, employees, or co-workers, you need to know how to handle them. Author Ken Lloyd takes a careful look at a wide range of on-the job situations and provides practical suggestions and insights you can put to use right away in your workplace. 	2000	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929209	Dealing with Difficult People	Roberta Cava	PaperBack	Everyone who has had to deal with irate, rude, impatient or aggressive people in the workplace will welcome this book. Dealing with Difficult People offers detailed, proven strategies for handling stressful situations calmly and professionally. Discover the root causes of poor communication and learn how to deal with the most common personality conflicts and improve your own people skills so that you work better with others.Completely updated and revised, this international bestseller outlines proven techniques to help workers keep their cool in a variety of situations, including: Calming angry customers Handling annoying subordinates, co-workers and bosses Dealing with sarcasm and the silent treatment Preventing abusive language and behavior Recognizing and circumventing office politicsDealing with Difficult People is an absolute must for anyone who wants to defuse tensions and resolve stressful situations.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	304p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927977	Increase Your Emotional Intelligence	Geetu Bharwaney	PaperBack	Increase Your Emotional Intelligence is not a book to read, it is a book to do  a book that applies the theory of emotional intelligence to life. If the whole EI phenomenon has passed you by, dont worry  this book begins with a practical summary of what EI is, explaining it in the clearest terms that require no previous knowledge of psychology. Then comes the good news: EI can be learnt, and your EQ (Emotional Quotient) can be increased.Increase Your Emotional Intelligence contains a unique programme of improvement that will increase your ability to use your emotions effectively. Packed with brilliant strategies for emotional management, and inspirational ideas for focusing your feelings, it offers you the very best methods for living an emotionally intelligent life. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920925	Emotional Intelligence 	Emily A. Sterrett	PaperBack	A confidence builder... will help any manager begin to overcome speaking anxiety This book is an indispensable reference for managers and executives who find themselves in the unfamiliar and often frightening position of having to give a public presentation. It is a compendium of tips that will help any manager learn the survival tactics of public speaking. It is a simple, quick read, based on the accepted theory and practice of rhetoric. It is a confidence builder and will help any manager begin to over come speaking anxiety. Dr.Gladis presents the material in an informal and informative manner, providing how-to-steps to make the process of presenting easy and effective. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	208p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179926994	Superboss	David Freemantle	PaperBack	How Do You Become A SUPERBOSS?Amusing, stimulating, often provocative, SUPERBOSS  a worldwide bestseller in ten languages  provides down-to-earth advice for anyone aspiring to managerial excellence. David Freemantle maintains that every manager can take action today to become a SUPERBOSS and in this entertaining book he sets out over 130 years of managing people successfully in any walk of life.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925897	Management Control Systems	R.S. Aurora & S.R. Kale	PaperBack	Management control is an important component of management education. It deals with areas that are useful in corporate life. This book covers topics for the relevant syllabus of the subject Management Control Systems. The techniques used in the management control process are explained in detail.Key features: Comprehensive and exhaustive coverage and analysis of controls for different strategies Includes topics on responsibility centres, the management control environment and behaviour in organizations Describes management control systems for various entities such as multi-national corporations, services, non-profit organizations  Includes measuring and controlling assets employed (EVA analysis, ROI, Experience Curve analysis) Management by objectives (MBO) discussed in detail Review questions at the end of each chapter 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	172p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927267	Communicate With Emotional Intelligence	John Eaton & Roy Johnson	PaperBack	An emotionally intelligent communicator is a more successful manager.Emotionally intelligent people communicate better and more successfully than their emotionally unaware counterparts. The good news is that emotional intelligence, or EI, can be learned. This book explains how. Eaton & Johnson reveal how to manage yourself better and how to improve your listening skills so that you respond more constructively to others. Find out how to develop empathy, manage conflicts and create win/win situations. Improve your EI and you will significantly improve your professional and personal life. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	140p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249624	The Art of Conversation	Godfrey Harris	PaperBack	All good quetions. This new book shows listeners how to deal with each of them and a lot more in both busines and social settings. It gives listeners simple-to-remember techniques to help them make their conversation as fluid as a river flowing toward the ocean. By the time a small business owner, corporate salesperson, net-work marketer, or anyone else finishes this book, they shouls be able to have a conversation with a member of the Royal Family or a member of the Royal Mounted Police - whether they are alone with them in a room or standing in a crowd at an airport, whether the subject is financial matters or family matters.	2002	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925307	Getting Heard	David Hill	PaperBack	Is This Book Worth Your Time And Money?Only if you... Make speeches or presentations Create or work with people who create: Corporate communications (e.g., speeches, articles, white papers, displays, overviews, capabilities booklets and videos) Employee communications (e.g., recruitment materials, newsletters, handbooks) Marketing communications (e.g., advertising, packaging, merchandising, sales, promotions, trade shows, date sheets, brochures, Web sites) Public relations or public affairs communications (e.g., seminars, forums, symposiums, conferences, press releases, briefing guides, articles, video bulletins) Help shape your organizations communications activities Teach or study any of these communications activities Think you might like a career in communications 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	212p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244282	The Effective Communicator	John Adair	PaperBack	This book is a practical guide to a key aspect of effective management communication. Communication plays a very important role in any organization. The success of mangers depends, primarily, on their ability to communicate with people for whom they are responsible, first what they need to do and second the importance of doing it. Effective communication increases the commitment and motivation of the workforce. This book reviews various proven methods of communication that any manager can adopt. 	1995	Jaico Publishing House	168p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924262	International Dictionary of Proverbs	Gerd de Ley	PaperBack	These are just a few of the 8,000 proverbs gathered from 300 countries and regions to create this dynamic dictionary. This book is the most comprehensive collection of international proverbs in the world. To read this book is to travel the globe, learning about wisdom, humor, and the nature of other people in this world. The proverbs are arranged alphabetically by country and an index listing 2,100 key words is also provided. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	438p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929100	Communication Excellence	Ian R. McLaren	PaperBack	How good are your communication skills?Do you always convey the correct message, or do you sometimes feel that you are not fully understood?What this book provides is a ten-lesson course that will transform you into a consistently excellent communicator.Drawing on psychology, linguistics and Neuro-Linguistic Programming (NLP), it teaches you how best to interact with colleagues, bosses, officials, family and friends, and become adept at new and effective communication techniques.Providing essential training in key NLP-based methods, Communication Excellence presents powerful exercises in: rapport-building; changing beliefs; matching, pacing and leading; anchoring; calibratingThese techniques will increase your ability to: manage; sell; inspire; market; influence; innovateCommunicating its own insights in a crystal-clear manner, Communication Excellence is an invaluable tool for all those in business who need to communicate effectively. Essential advice for everyone wishing to convey the correct message! 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950458	Talk Like Jesus: The Master Communicator	Lynn Wilford Scarborough	PaperBack	CHANGE YOUR LIFE!Born in a barn, raised in a ghetto, a common laborer by trade, he spoke in obscurity, yet what did Jesus of Nazareth do to become the most quoted person in history? What would we learn if we were to evaluate Jesus communication style in the 21st Century? Talk Like Jesus explores the techniques of the Master Communicator through the eyes of a media expert. Jesus communication patterns are introduced with the S.I.M.P.L.E. method, which is based on six steps:  Stories  Interaction  Multi-Track Communication  Preparation  Love  Execution With careful analysis, historical reference, humorous storytelling and even sci-fi analogies, this book challenges the reader with new communication paradigms and practical suggestions. Whether youre a high-profile CEO, salesperson, manager, teacher, parent or pastor, these time-tested methods will inspire you to improve your professional and personal communication skills by learning how to Talk Like Jesus. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172243308	1001 Ways to Improve Your Conversation and Speeches	Herbert V. Prochnow	PaperBack	This book is a store house of practical and helpful advice together with 200 humorous stories, 1600 literary quotations, 600 biblical quotations and 400 epigrams. It provides tools and techniques that offer unlimited possibilities for study and self improvement. With clear and helpful instructions on how to develop your day-to-day speaking ability, the author describes systematic methods of building a vocabulary, points out common errors and pitfalls, and illustrates numerous ways to adding vitality to what you want to say. 	1967	Jaico Publishing House	402p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244614	The Right Way to Speak In Public	A.G. Mears	PaperBack	This book of A.G. Mears, founder of Abbey School for speakers, at Westminster provides the basics for right way to speech. The book, categorizes speech into three parts the approach, the main facts and the conclusion. It gives constructive ideas and methods to develop speech and deals with finer points such as emphasis on phrases and minor faults that tend to develop from time to time. The reader who attends carefully to the instructions can acquire the knowledge which will enable him / her to captivate an audience and hold it spellbound.	1995	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247206	How to Give a Damn Good Speech	Philip Theibert	PaperBack	How to Give a Damn Good Speech provides you with professional and speech writers techniques to make each and every speech a powerful presentation. Theibert has done years of research and has read thousands of speeches in an effort to better illustrate his points and bring you the best example possible. You can read the book in its entirety or you can read the section that best suits your needs. The book contains topics on speech, provides quotations, interesting and entertaining stories and historical anecdotes for each day of the year.	1998	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249373	Master Public Speaking	Anne Nicholls	PaperBack	Imagine me holding an audience spellbound!' Well, now you can. Whatever your age, intellect or background, you too can master the art of speaking in public. And this dynamic book shows you how. Discover the 11 golden rules of speech writing, how to make your speech sound said not read, and techniques to rid yourself ofpre-speech nerves. 'Yes! whether you're a nervous novice or a practised pro - this book has something for you.' 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	112p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920313	Public Speaking	Paul E. Nelson & Judy C. Pearson	PaperBack	Confidence in Public Speaking (7th Edition) offers a clear and straightforward approach on how to preapre, orgaize, and deliver effective public speeches. Students learn how to reduce anxiety and analyze an audience. The text features a balance of theory and research with plentiful real-world examples. The authors are award-winning teachers who regularly teach public speaking. As technology, travel, and reorganization of our work and family lives transform society, approaches to communication are also evolving. The Seventh Edition is consistent with these developments in the new millenium. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	376p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923193	Introduction to Public Speaking	Brent C. Oberg	PaperBack	Introduction to Public Speaking provides practical instruction, relevant activities, and formal assignments designed to help you learn the skills of effective presentation. The handbook is divided into chapters. Each of the following chapters supports one or two specific learning objectives: Communication Apprehension  overcoming apprehension through introductory public speaking activities Techniques of Delivery  the principles of effective presentation techniques Listening Skills  learning the skills of critical listening  Topic Selection, Organization, and Research  Choosing a dynamic topic, organizing a speech, and effectively using research  Different modes of speaking  delivering impromptu, manuscript, and memorized speeches  Speaking with different purposes  delivering persuasive, informative, and entertaining speeches  Oral Interpretation of Literature  learning the skills of story telling and oral interpretation Applied Activities  using public speaking in applied, real-world situations 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	168p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925315	Effective Communication & Public Speaking	S.K. Mandal	PaperBack	Effective communication is the key to success in life. In this competitive age a lot depends on how a person is able to relate to others. This book is about verbal communication and the art of public speaking. Students desirous of improving their communication skills as well as those seeking to make a headway in their career will find this book useful. The book is designed in such a way so that even those with an elementary knowledge of English will be able to learn how to communicate effectively. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	244p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925994	Mastering Public Speaking	Dorothy Lynn & Jessica Selasky	PaperBack	Do You Need to Speak Like a Pro? (And Still Do Your Real Job?)Here is your guide to good speaking. No nonsense, no theoryjust the facts you need to know to speak with enthusiasm and confidence.Imagine how confident youll feel when you: Lose your nervousness Get ready to speak faster & better Feel totally prepared Capture & hold audience attention Speak extemporaneously  no more tedious memorizing Quit giving boring presentations Love (okay, like) to get up in front of peopleUse this book every time you make a speech or give a presentation. Your audience will be glad you did.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924289	Interpersonal Communication	Brent C. Oberg	PaperBack	A new text that demonstrates the relevance of interpersonal communication to self-knowledge, health, fulfillment, personal relationships, professional success, and more. Nine chapters with examples of how interpersonal communication affects our daily lives: What is Communication and Should You Care?, Making Contact with Others, Listening Skills, Nonverbal Communication, Managing Conflict, Persuasion, Leadership Skills, Family Communication, Intercultural Communication 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	174p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246919	Conduct Effective Interviews 	Ann Dobson	PaperBack	Whether you are interviewing a job applicant, dealing with disciplinary procedures or organising a decision making session, this new book will provide you with all the information you need to achieve your aim. It offers a step-by-step guide to the general principles of interviewing and illustrates the various types of interviews you may be involved in your working life.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	122p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247192	Last Minute Interview Tips	Brandon Toropov	PaperBack	Last Minute Interview Tips outlines a detailed program to help you develop the best possible interview strategy in the time you have available. It will help you prioritize your research, prepare for the toughest questions and give you solid advice on dealing with curve balls you can expect the interviewer to toss your way.In addition to supplying with practical, detailed survival tactics and sample responses to possible questions, Last Minute Interview Tips offers important insights into how to follow up after your interview  a vital component of the job search process that your competitors may overlook. It will help you not only survive an interview with little preparation, but actually win the job  whether you have months, weeks or even just a day. 	2000	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921301	Interview Tips	Raghu Palat	PaperBack	Getting ready to apply for a job? Need help to write your CV? Then this is the book for you. It tells you everything you need to know, such as: How to ensure that you are called for an interview What is important to an interviewer How to prepare and present yourself for the interview Potential interview questions, and much more.The best qualified person does not necessarily get the job; it is one who presents himself confidently, speaks well and sells himself at the interview.To be successful at an interview you must eliminate any danger of being rejected. This book highlights and makes you aware of the issues that you should know. In short, it teaches you how to best position yourself to get the job you want. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	170p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923258	How to Succeed in Group Discussions & Personal Interviews	Dr. S.K. Mandal	PaperBack	Self-development and self-confidence are vital for success in any interview. This book will motivate and prepare students to successfully face their first interview by helping them to develop the necessary qualities and skills. It will also be useful for candidates seeking a change in their existing job. Key Features Provides an insight and understanding of the interview process Identifies the external factors that influence the interview process Identifies the internal qualities required for success Illustrates the role of motivation and communication as critical factors for success Includes exercises and tips on strategic preparation for success in group discussions and personal interviews 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	188p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923371	Handling Tough Job Interviews	Julie-Ann Amos	PaperBack	Handle any kind of job interview.Deal confidently with tough questions.Youve got to be ready for anything in job interviews. This book deals with various types of interview, from recruitment agencies and headhunters, through to interviews with employers and Human Resources departments. It takes you step-by-step through the recruitment process and gives useful advice on interviews with senior management; dealing with psychometric tests and formal assessments; through to discussing and agreeing the job offer. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927403	Case Studies for Organizational Communication	J. Keyton & P. Shockley-Zalabak	PaperBack	This collection of cases cover formal and informal communication practices in a wide variety of organizational topics and processes, offering students the opportunity to apply their knowledge of organizational and business communication to analyze vital organizational issues and dilemmas. As a significant feature, an introductory case with margin notes provides a sample of how to read and analyze a case study.Each section begins with an introductory briefing paper, framing the central concepts and issues of the topic and focusing student attention. In addition, a detailed case content index is provided, allowing instructors to quickly identify the numerous conceptual areas embedded in the cases. The cases provide rich descriptions of different types and sizes of organizations  for profit and nonprofit, service and manufacturing, public and private, family-owned business and large conglomerate. In addition to these organizational descriptions, the cases present characters in a variety of occupations and jobs  colleagues and co-workers, supervisors and subordinates, employees, volunteers, and all levels of management.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	416p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927670	Handbook of Public Communication	Andrew D. Wolvin, Roy M. Berko & Darlyn R. Wolvin	PaperBack	Handbook Of Public Communication is a compelling overview of the public communication process  public speaking and public listening  emphasizing how both dimensions interrelate as public communicators shape, present and receive speeches. The principles of public speaking are framed in a context that encourages students to create and present messages that are carefully tailored to the needs and behaviors of intended listeners. The role of the listener is extensively investigated.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	348p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929193	Organisational Communication	Paul Turner	PaperBack	Effective communication in the workplace is necessary for the delivery of successful organisational strategy and change, employee commitment, and ultimately competitive advantage. It has become an increasing responsibility of every HR professional.The ability of the organisation to engage stakeholders through excellent communication strategy and action is now an essential competence. Without it the chances of the organisation ever achieving its strategic objectives are reduced. So its presence on all levels of the HR function, and other disciplines, has become an important factor to achieving success in any organisation.Paul Turner offers practical tools, techniques and a model for developing a communications strategy that will enable the reader to take on this task. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	200p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247818	Communication in Organizations	Dalmar Fisher	PaperBack	Communication is essential to everything that occurs in organizational life. This book covers every facets of communication in organizational field. It provides models for explaining organizational communication, identify several barriers and suggest measures to overcome them, discusses elements on different perspectives based on organizational theory, explains implications of the linkage between symbols and organizational cultures and discusses ethical issues involved in organizational communication.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	566p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924688	Business Communication	Randolph H. Hudson & Bernard J. Selzler	PaperBack	Business Communication: Concepts & Applications in an Electronic Age is a process-oriented reader of short, varied, up-to-date articles from leading business communication authorities in business, government, and academia. The text helps students hone their writing skills in a format that allows selective instruction and maximum flexibility.The anthology has been extensively revised and updated; it includes topics that instructors have been unable to find in longer texts. Each article covers one topic, allowing instructors to focus discussions on a key concept. Applications-oriented questions and active-learning cases follow each selection, offering opportunities for students to demonstrate their understanding of what they have learned. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	264p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244797	The Skills of Interviewing	Leslie Rae	PaperBack	Whether the context is recruitment, appraisal, counselling or grievance, all managers conduct interviews with their staff from time to time. But these managers are rarely offered any systematic training. In this book Leslie Rae, an experienced interviewer and trainer of interviewers, describes an approach that can be applied across a wide range of situations. The book introduces the key techniques of interviewing and shows how these techniques can be put to effective use in specific type of interviews. 	1995	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244800	The Skills of Communicating	Bill Scott	PaperBack	The Skills of Communicating is rarely an inherited gift that needs hard work and practice, based on an understanding of the relevant techniques. This book meant for managers at all level, incorporates material tested in seminars throughout the world from many thousands of experienced managers and professionals. Using examples from business life, it covers speaking, listening, writing and reading and shows how to make the most of meetings and interviews. The result is a readable, thought-provoking and above all practical guide to the most important management skill of all. 	1995	Jaico Publishing House	200p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244819	The Skills of Negotiating	Bill Scott	PaperBack	Bill Scotts The Skills of Negotiating - is the bestselling book developed and tested with some 400 negotiators from different types of business, in different countries provides a framework on negotiation. It covers key areas such as building a business, cordial climate for negotiations, a disciplined approach to preparation, and the skills of leading and structuring a negotiation towards agreement, and presenting a range of techniques and tactics designed to give immediate advantage.	1995	Jaico Publishing House	244p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927793	How To Win Any Negotiation	Robert Mayer	PaperBack	Win Negotiations With Confidence, Grace, and EaseTodays super negotiator has to be a versatile problem-solver, seeking hard-bargain results with a soft touch. With punch and panache, Robert Mayer shows you how to make the grade, revealing powerful negotiating tools drawn from a unique blend of sources: Recent advances in psychology, linguistics, trial advocacy, sales, and management communications Tips, tricks, and techniques drawn from interviews with more than 200 of the worlds master negotiators Mayers own been there, done that years as a lawyer representing thousands of clientsYoull learn what works  and what doesnt  when youre up against a stone wall... or your ideas are being rejected... or youre confronted with hostility and anger. Plus, How To Win Any Negotiation gives step-by-step how-tos and what-tos for 38 common negotiating situations  from buying a car to leasing an apartment, acing a job interview to buying a franchise, or negotiating your way out of debt.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927809	How To Win Any Argument	Robert Mayer	PaperBack	The art of the argumentthe pros game of knowing what to say, how to say it, and when to say it. Winning arguments without raising your voice, losing your cool, or coming to blows. Without bulldozing and browbeating the other guy. Without offending or embarrassing anyone, including yourself.Winning arguments with confidence, grace and ease.If youre ready, Bob Mayer will show you how in a light, humorous, page-turning read filled with personal and celebrity anecdotes and riveting tidbits. What is the books secret? Its martial. Its mental judo. Where you use the other guys energy to win. Its mind-set. Its charisma. Thats how the New York Times describes Bob Mayers winning methodology. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240619	You Can Negotiate Anything	Herb Cohen	PaperBack	Negotiation is a field of knowledge and endeavor that focuses on gaining the favour of people from whom we want things : prestige, freedom, money, justice, status, love, security and recognition.30 weeks on the New York Times Bestsellers List, this book is the result of thirty years of laborious work, interaction and involvement of the author, Herb Cohen, in thousands of negotiations. He aims to illuminate ones reality and its opportunities and points out thinking and behaviors, options and alternatives from which one can choose and have a way of getting what one wants. 	1986	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922588	Dynamics of Successful International Business Negotiations	Robert T. Moran & William G. Stripp	PaperBack	Dynamics of Successful International Business Negotiations is an invaluable tool for developing new approaches of negotiations from diverse cultural background. It presents an array of cultural variables that influence a negotiators behaviour and decision making. It discusses factors such as protocol, the role of an individual in a negotiation and shows you how to use these factors to your advantage to predict and interpret the actions of your foreign counterpart. In addition, the book examines the cultural differences of Europe, Asia, Africa ,South America and demonstrates how you can capitalize on these differences during negotiations. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	264p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922596	How To Negotiate Better Deals 	Jeremy G. Thorn	PaperBack	Personality Negotiating is a behavioural approach that enables you to use your natural communication and observation abilities to better understand others negotiating styles. Tom Anastasi through this book How to Negotiate with Different Types of Personalities offers hundreds of case histories, enlightening speeches and specific dialogue. He shows you how to determine each personality type and turn anyone you meet into an easy-to-satisfy negotiator.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927700	Essay Writing Made Easy	Brendan Hennessy	PaperBack	Clearly laid out and easily understood...useful for all students.Whether youre studying in school, college, or for competitive exams, you need to get your essays right. This book gives guidance on understanding what youre being asked to do, organising your notes and using evidence and quotes. It will ensure your essay flows smoothly from the introduction to that all-important conclusion. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929179	Writing For The Web	Crawford Kilian	PaperBack	From blogs to corporate sites  write Web copy that worksHundreds of books tell you how to design new web pages and jazz up existing websites with graphics, animation, and sound. But an effective website needs strong, lively content that people will want to read  and return to.Writing for the Web offers sound principles of writing persuasive copy and presenting it in an appealing format so that visitors to your website will read what youve written and act on what theyve read. Both new and professional webwriters will benefit from the commonsense advice and tips in this book.Whether you are creating an online portfolio, developing your companys website, or starting a blog, Writing for the Web shows you how to hook readers and keep them coming back. A CD-ROM with exercises is included to help you practice webwriting techniques and critique other websites.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923797	Improve Your Written English	Marion Field 	PaperBack	Master the essentials of grammar, punctuation and spelling and write with greater confidence Written in short, accessible sections, this book explains the basics of writing good English. It includes punctuation, sentence construction and spelling. You will learn how to adopt different styles for different tasks, such as writing a report, essay or short story. There are also chapters on letter writing, filling forms and constructing job applications. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247176	Business letters for Busy People	Jim Dugger	PaperBack	Business Letters for Busy People guides you to write different types of letters, offers you samples that you can use. Effective formats can be copied, modified and customized- so it can help you do your job better, more effectively, more easily. Packed with concrete information, useful techniques,practical tips and gives you concise easy to use learning resources that get results.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	260p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246935	Write Business Letters	Ann Dobson	PaperBack	This book will help you to tackle your day-to-day business correspondence successfully. Intended for absolute beginners, it uses fictional characters in a typical business setting to contrast the right and wrong ways of doing things. The book shows how to plan a letter, write and answer complaints, standard letters, personal letters, job applications, and a variety of routine and tricky letters.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	184p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249764	Letter Writing Made Easy	Margaret McCarthy	PaperBack	In Letter Writing Made Easy! author Margaret McCarthy offers sample letters for hundreds of common occasions. Need to write a thank you note? Want to dispute a bill? Having trouble expressing your feelings upon the death of a friends loved one? McCarthy has provided samples which you can use as is, or modify to suit your own particular style or concerns.	2003	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249772	Letter Writing Made Simple	Margaret McCarthy	PaperBack	In Letter Writing Made Simple author Margaret McCarthy offers even more sample letters for hundreds of common occasions. Need to apologize to a friend? Want to complain about a rude salesperson? Having trouble expressing your feelings about a loved ones illness? Need to thank a co-worker for his assistance? McCarthy has provided samples which you can use as is, or modify to suit your own particular style or concerns. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925420	Resumes For Professionals	Marshall A. Brown & Annabelle Reitman	PaperBack	Resumes For Professionals is the resource every manager, professional, and executive needs. Competition for higher-level positions in companies and organizations throughout the world continues to increase. The more you earn and the more experienced you are, the more you need the help of Resumes For Professionals to stand out from the crowd of your peers. It provides practical guidelines and a step-by-step process for telling your unique work story effectively and efficiently, such as:  Bringing your resume to the attention of hiring authorities Showcasing your relevant in-depth and extensive work background Demonstrating you have the right qualities for the job Illustrating how you can benefit the organization Increasing your chances to make the first cutThe longer youve worked and the higher youve climbed, the more difficult it is to summarize your varied experiences and highlight specific skills pertinent to a single job. Resumes For Professionals will show you how to select the skills, strengths, and competencies that will make you tower over your competitors. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249497	101 Great Resumes	Career Press	PaperBack	This book is a resume format just for for you-one that can showcase your unique background, situation and career goals... and help you land a job! Unlike books that give you a few generic resume samples and lead you to believe you can create a winning resume just by plugging in your objective and employment history, this book features tons of resumes tailored tothe individual situations, challenges and aspirations of job seekers today. Finally, 101 Great Resumes tells you just what it is about these resumes that makes them so great. You can apply this advice to your own resume and make your job hunt a complete success. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248083	Cover Letters! Cover Letters! Cover Letters!	Richard Fein	PaperBack	Completely revised, updated and featuring more than 125 examples, This book offers multiple formats of every conceivable kind of letter, down-to-earth advice and a detailed discussion to help you figure out exactly what you want to say and how. It covers letters following up on interviews, thanking someone for a job, rejecting a job offer or thanking a colleague for an introduction. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	190p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244541	Boost Your Vocabulary	J.G. Barton	PaperBack	Do you know that there are some 500,000 words in the English language  plus 300,000 technical terms? Yet, if you are an average person, you probably only use 2000 or 3000 words in everyday speech. Boost your vocabulary and you can express yourself more clearly. Say what you really mean and be more interesting!The book is a series of different tests which explore every aspect of your vocabulary power, and which will give you hours of enjoyment besides. 	1995	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244649	The Right Way To Improve Your English	J.E. Metcalfe	PaperBack	English is an integral part of everyday life, of every branch of knowledge and learning. There is ample evidence that formal teaching of English is unsuccessful or insufficient. Bad English is with us everywhere, in our speech, correspondence, business, press, radio and on television. In this hasty age there may be no general encouragement towards better English, but many people, conscious of imperfection, like to help themselves to greater understanding. The Right Way To Improve Your English is an elegant expose of the errors which people so easily make and explanation of how these arise. It is of equal benefit to everyone of us and guarantees a thorough grounding in all basic elements needed to secure a polished and full command of the language. 	1995	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924343	Improve Your Grammar and Punctuation	Marion Field	PaperBack	Written in an easy-to-read style, it takes you through the basics of English grammar. It explains the various parts of speech showing what role they each play in a sentence. It shows you how to improve your writing by choosing the right words and varying your sentence structure. Written in a simple style with frequents headings, this book is for anyone  of any age  who wishes to improve the standard of or her English. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925811	English Language & Composition	Maureen Lindner	PaperBack	English Language & Composition is a user-friendly review book that will make any studentor those trying to help themfeel like he or she has a private tutor. Each chapter includes detailed questions that allow students to assess how well theyve mastered each idea. Not only does the author provide the right answers to these self-study questions, but there are also detailed explanations of why the wrong answers are wrong.When is a comma used? Why are some titles capitalized? How are dangling modifiers prevented? There are hundreds of grammatical and compositional rules, many of them difficult to understand and memorize. With just as many exceptions to the rules!English Language & Composition focuses on all aspects of writing, with clear lessons and exercises on: Parts of speech, Types of essays, Punctuation, Revisions, Tone, Common errors to avoid, The writing process, Essential preparation for the new SAT Writing and Grammar Section, Types of sentences	2006	Jaico Publishing House	352p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247516	Better Vocabulary In 30 Minutes a Day	Edie Schwager	PaperBack	Better Vocabulary in 30 Minutes a Day offers a lively and entertaining method for adding a more impressive list of words to your everyday speech and for learning how to use them effortlessly and accurately. Besides definitions, this invaluable guide provides roots and elements of words that will enable you to increase your vocabulary base by thousands of exciting new words and use them in sentences. Sprinkled throughout the book are fascinating stories about words and origins.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247524	Better Spelling In 30 Minutes a Day	Crosby & Emery	PaperBack	Spelling is one of the most noticeable features of good writing. An inability to spell may jeopardize an individual from getting good grades in academy or a good job. This easy-to use workbook not only teaches you how to avoid misspellings, but will sharpen your skills in recognising spelling errors and will tell you what you must do to remedy your troubles. Reading this book will boost up your confidence which is an important part of writing.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	186p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247532	Better Sentence Writing In 30 Minutes a Day	Dianna Campbell	PaperBack	Do your sentences run longer than a page? Or do they hang in the air for some clauses to finish them off? This guide teaches you how to overcome run-ons, sentence fragment and sentence construction with variety and style. It discusses rules and strategies for good writing with concise explanation and provides answer key to the exercises to encourage you to work at your own pace.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928585	Effective Succession Planning	William J. Rothwell	PaperBack	Succession planning and management and leadership development figure prominently on the agenda of many top managers. Yet, the task often falls to human resource management (HRM) and workplace learning and performance (WLP) professionals to spearhead and coordinate efforts to establish and operate planned succession programs and avert succession crises. HRM and WLP professionals often need assistance when they coordinate, establish, operate, or evaluate SP&M programs. This book is intended to provide that help. It offers practical, how-to-do-it advice on SP&M.Updated and expanded to reflect the latest trends and best practices in succession management, Effective Succession Planning presents strategies for creating a complete, systematic succession planning program. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	428p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927182	Beyond Training And Development	William J. Rothwell	PaperBack	This completely revised second edition of Beyond Training and Development unlocks the extraordinary potential of Human Performance Enhancement (HPE) that focuses on accomplishments instead of behavior.Packed with eye-opening examples, ready-to-use self-assessment tools and worksheets, easy-to-read charts and tables, concise summaries of the existing literature, and original data from a recent survey of training and development professionals, Beyond Training and Development guides you through the HPE process, including how to: Build a convincing business case for change and assess the competencies your staff will need in their expanded roles Gather and analyze information on the current level of performance in your organization Envision what should be happening by conducting the often neglected step of environmental scanningthen comparing the results with your internal appraisal Clarify present and future performance gaps, either working as a solitary analyst or adopting a team approach that empowers stakeholders 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	384p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926079	Planning & Managing Human Resources	William J. Rothwell & H.C. Kazanas	PaperBack	There is no better guide to continuously improving your personnel department.Planning & Managing Human Resources is the most comprehensive book available on Human Resources and all its functions. The book sheds new light on HR practice areas as ways to implement an HR grand strategy: Career planning and management  Recruitment and selection  Training  Organization development  Job redesign  Employee assistance programs  Labor relations  Compensation and benefitsThis completely revised and updated new edition will help you successfully implement the steps of strategic planning for human resources. Packed with exercises and case studies, the book will be useful to HR practitioners, HR or personnel managers, specialists in HR planning, and students interested in this field.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	600p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925684	Handbook of Strategic HRM	Michael Armstrong & Angela Baron	PaperBack	How can strategic HRM make a significant impact to bottom-line performance? This timely book combines an overview of the relevant theory with research evidence and practical guidance as to how human resource practitioners can contribute towards this goal. In addition, the authors have drawn on previously unpublished research to provide authentic voices from real-life managers discussing how they set about developing and implementing HR strategies. The research includes interviews with HR directors and chief executives from a variety of organisations including The Childrens Society, Homebase, Lloyds TSB and the Department of Health.Part I of the book explores the conceptual framework within which strategic HRM takes place. Part II examines the research evidence on the impact of strategic HRM on business performance and outlines the role of the HR function in making that impact. Part III looks at how individual HR strategies add up to strategic HRM, addressing overall organisational issues as well as such specific areas of HR practice as resourcing or employee development. Part IV addresses the practical issues of strategic HRM in action and spells out how HR practitioners can become business partners engaged in improving bottom line performance via strategic HRM. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	280p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927175	Human Resource Management In Organisations	Izabela Robinson	PaperBack	Human Resource Management In Organisations identifies and discusses HRM trends and developments within a variety of organisational contexts including public sector, privatised utilities, small and medium sized enterprises and the not-for-profit sector. In particular, it evaluates the links between HRM practice and organisational performance.With the use of practical, real life case studies, this text provides students with a sound understanding of the theoretical approaches to the management of people together with an appreciation of their application within different organisational contexts.The text has been designed to cater for undergraduate students on HRM or business degree programmes, as well as postgraduate students studying HRM modules and students on CIPD professional programmes.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	344p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927397	HR Forecasting and Planning	Paul Turner	PaperBack	This book will help HR professionals to add genuine value to the strategy-setting process. It is based on two key components: the strategic human resource forecast and the human resource plan. The author presents a powerful step-by-step model and provides essential guidance on issues such as: persuading an organization to adopt the model; and implementing and managing the key processes.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	300p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924874	Turbo-Charging The HR Function	Paul Mooney	HardBound	Recent studies have demonstrated that a competent and committed workforce is absolutely critical to corporate success. This book offers self-assessment tools, and explains how to draw up an inspirational HR mission, find out what customers (line managers and staff) really want, and also how to market the HR role to the rest of the workforce. It also explains how to assess current strengths & weaknesses and streamline departmental structures and working methods. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241038	The Effective Supervisor	John Adair	PaperBack	Too often the practice of good management at the front-line level is overlooked in favour of technical or professional competence. The message of this book is that leadership, communication and problem solving skills lie at the core of the supervisors role. It clarifies the role and responsibilities of a supervisor and gives guidelines on how to make it happen in practice. Even the experienced supervisor will find some useful benchmarks to measure his performance and development as an effective leader.	1991	Jaico Publishing House	148p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928578	Human Resource Management in an International Context	:e: Rosemary Lucas, Ben Lupton & Hamish Mathieson	PaperBack	Human Resource Management In An International Context is designed for those studying HRM as part of an MBA or a postgraduate/undergraduate business and management degree. It will also interest students who wish to gain a greater understanding of HRM issues in their international context and those who wish to practise HRM internationally as specialists or as general managers.The text provides a comprehensive and critical grounding in HRM theory and practice evident in many texts and organisations, but moves beyond this to look at the application and experience of people management strategies in a wide range of different countries and cultural contexts. The focus is not limited to HRM in multi-national companies, but includes practical examples and theoretical insights from a wider range of organisations (public, private and voluntary, manufacturing and service, large and small) from across the globe. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	400p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929339	Human Resource Management: A Case Study Approach	Michael Muller-Camen, Richard Croucher & Susan Leigh	PaperBack	Contextualising HRM theory and practice can be difficult for students with limited knowledge of the world of work. This unique textbook addresses this problem by providing a practical, case-study based approach to HRM. Structured around the changing role of the HR function, it gives students exclusive access to the latest research and developments in HR. It covers a comprehensive range of topics including technological innovation, equality and diversity, work-life balance, coaching and international perspectives.Key features of this wide-ranging and in-depth textbook include: Learning outcomes, key issues and activities to encourage students to analyse and reflect At least two case studies per chapter to link theory and practice and contextualise HRM Explore further references directing students to relevant articles and websites, encouraging critical thinking  High quality international survey data made accessible to studentsHuman Resource Management: A Case Study Approach is specifically designed for all undergraduate business students taking a HRM module. Clear, accessible and easy to use, it is also an ideal core reference for international students and postgraduates studying HRM for the first time. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	540p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929346	Strategic Human Resource Management: Building research-based practice	The Aston Centre for Human Resources	PaperBack	Strategic Human Resource Management: Building research-based practice is a challenging and engaging student-focussed text written by a team consisting of world-class researchers and experienced HRM tutors. It is ideal for students taking a HRM or Strategic HRM module at postgraduate and upper-undergraduate level.Structured around contemporary and emerging issues, this critical and thought-provoking book: encourages students to think analytically about strategic HRM issues connects theory, research evidence and real-world practice explores the links between strategic HRM, strategic management and organisational behaviour includes an array of examples and case studies from a range of organisations, cultures and contexts places strategic HRM in an international context, integrating coverage of emerging markets such as China and IndiaThe text also features chapter objectives, reflective activities, questions, key learning points and links to further reading, as well as access to a comprehensive student and tutor website with lecture notes, slides and more. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	432p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929995	A Strategic Approach To Human Resources Management	Jayashree Sadri, Sorab Sadri & Nitin Nayak	PaperBack	This text provides comprehensive coverage of contemporary and key issues in Strategic Human Resource Management in the Indian context. Intended for postgraduate level courses on the subject offered by Indian universities and business schools, the researchers and professionals in this field would also find the book extremely useful. The book will also be immensely helpful for the students to define the complex issues of Human Resource Management, Strategy and Organizations. Key Features Written by reputed and highly perceptive writers in the fields of Social Science, Behavioural Science and Human Resource Administration, thereby widening the scope of treatment of relevant topics Chapters divided into eight sections for better understanding of the students  Copious bibliography at the end of each chapter to enable students to access the resources	2009	Jaico Publishing House	488p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929094	The Employee Retention Handbook	Stephen Taylor	PaperBack	Effective corporate initiatives and processes are the bedrock of successful organizations. Employers often devote huge resources to recruiting staff and far too little effort to retaining them. The Employee Retention Handbook provides managers with essential frameworks to identify, formulate and implement the best policies and practice in the management and development of people. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922731	Indispensable Employees	Martha Fields	PaperBack	Indispensable Employees was written to help all organizations who must adapt to the new economy, but dont quite know how. It will help them create strategies to hpld on to their best workers, despite what their competitors are offering. It will assist organizations to surmount the new labor challengs and hire and retain the most competent, motivated and diverse workforce possible. The book offers best, interesting and radical practices with direct quotes from some of the nations top companies. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928011	Recruitment And Selection	Gareth Roberts	PaperBack	Recruitment and selection is the foundation of all other HR activity. Get it wrong and it doesnt matter how good your development programme is, how well you motivate your staff, how you manage their performance, or even how well you reward them, you are always making up for that one bad decision. It is also one of your principal points of contact with line managers: deliver a less than perfect performance there and your chances of being taken seriously as a strategic business partner are gone.Get it right, however, and you can transform a mundane, everyday HR process into a chance to improve your organisations performance by improving the quality of the people youre asking to deliver that performance. Do that, and your line managers and senior management colleagues will sit up and take notice.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926540	Hire the Best Performers: Recruiting for Results	Steve Kneeland	PaperBack	Nothing affects our success as managers as much as the quality of the people we hire  and yet hiring is one thing that few of us have been trained to do. This book covers the basics, and provides a practical, behaviour-based system that can be put to use immediately. But it also delves into the inner world of interviewing, on a level that will challenge even the most experienced of managers. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	132p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927649	Management Through Interpersonal Relationships	M.B. Sharan & Damodar Suar	PaperBack	This book is about how to deal with others  in families and in organizations. Many persons, including managers, are technically proficient but interpersonally incompetent. They are poor listeners, unable to understand the needs of others, and have difficulties in handling conflicts. Since managers have to get things done through others, they must possess skills to communicate, motivate, and delegate. Management Through Interpersonal Relationships offers all these by developing the ability to work with, understand, and motivate other people, both individually and in groups, through interpersonal skills.The book thus offers interpersonal skills throughout, which can be used effectively in all walks of life by teachers, students and practising managers. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927168	Managerial Practice And Development	Gillian Watson and Kevin Gallagher	PaperBack	The text is designed to cater for all students studying the CIPD Managing for Results module as part of the recently introduced Leadership and Management Standards, as well as for students taking an introductory management module on a management, business or HR degree programme.This newly co-authored edition offers a strategic overview to management and critical perspectives across the subject area. It contains a wide range of features to support student learning, including: case studies and examples from leading UK and international organisations extracts from People Management articles learning objectives discussions, work-related and critical question exercises throughout chapters review (developmental and summary) exercises chapter summariesThe text also has a companion student support site at www.cipd.co.uk/sss containing a specimen exam paper and guidance on how to complete it.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	344p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924866	Handbook of Personnel Practice	Malcolm Martin & Tricia Jackson	HardBound	Personnel and HR practitioners have a key role to play within organizations, since they are largely responsible for explaining management expectations, satisfying employees work-related needs and dealing with their problems. This book provides the basic legal framework relating to employment, recruitment and selection, training and development, discipline and grievance-handling, appraisal, and maximising the effectiveness of personnel information systems. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	208p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924882	Handbook of Polarity Management	Barry Johnson	HardBound	In manufacturing we are faced with challenges every day. Polarity management allows us to distinguish between a problem to solve or a conflict to manage. It is a powerful tool that is useful at all levels, from top management to first line employees, and can help to reduce stress, increase productivity and improve effectiveness. Polarity, as a tool for both understanding and change, has become part of everyday practice. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927113	Employee Relations In An Organisational Context 	Kathy Daniels	PaperBack	A New Approach To Industrial RelationsLooking at Employee Relations from an organisational context perspective, this text is designed specifically to cater for the CIPD Employee Relations PDS module and Employee Relations modules on HR and business degree programmes at both undergraduate and post- graduate levels.It offers a comprehensive yet accessible look at the topic area, with a balance of coverage that ensures that the text focuses on the core topics of employee relations while providing coverage of the latest developments. The text uses a range of features including case studies, activities, organisational examples and objectives to aid the learning process. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	340p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924416	Employee Relations	John Gennard & Graham Judge	HardBound	Employee Relations provides a comprehensive overview of every area of the subject, giving guidance on strategic and operational factors in both unionised and non-unionised organizations. It provides an invaluable framework for anyone studying the subject - combining the latest academic research, legal implications and developments in management practice.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	408p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924475	Life-Work Balance and Employee Commitment	Mike Johnson	HardBound	Employees are increasingly putting themselves well ahead of their work, and many businesses are struggling to find ways to meet effectively employees needs. This book offers practical, down-to-earth solutions that human resource and general managers can use to reenergise their employees (and themselves!). This book is a wake up call for real people managers from the get real school of management. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	180p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925358	Employee Surveys	Joe Folkman, Ph.D.	HardBound	Beyond just helping managers know if employees are happy at work, employee surveys can help companies pinpoint where changes are needed, foster strategic alignment, improve productivity, and identify competitive advantages.But not all companies have positive experiences with surveys. Managers often ignore results; supervisors dont see the relevance to operations; and employees see no changes after providing feedback.Despite these problems, employee surveys can revitalize a company and add significant value when conducted properly. This book shows: How feedback helps leaders value employees knowledge and diversity How surveys can be used to draw comparisons, understand concerns, and conduct objective analysis How surveys can identify company strengths and opportunities for improvement; help executives make strategic changes; help managers prioritize change efforts, measure progress, evaluate performance, make more informed decisions, and design a rewarding work environment. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	284p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929070	Organisational Theory	David Crowther & Miriam Green	PaperBack	This book provides a theoretical framework to enable students to place organizational practice in a theoretical context. It thus constitutes a solid knowledge base in organizational theory, and in the application of that theory, for both undergraduate students and those on postgraduate and MBA programmes who are studying organizational theory or organizational behavior. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	220p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247664	Organizational Behavior	Gregory Moorhead & Ricky W. Griffin	PaperBack	The field of organizational behaviour still in its developing stage as a science, remains full of competing and conflicting models and theories. There are few laws or absolute principles that dictate proper conduct for organizational members or rather, predict with certainty their behaviour.The primary objective of this book is to provide some of the tools and insights necessary to understand and analyse the characteristic of human beings and organizational situations. It discusses basic concepts and the importance of the study of organizational behaviour; focuses on key aspects of individual processes and addresses how individual, group organizational characteristics and processes are integrated to contribute to the survival of an enterprise. 	2000	Jaico Publishing House	832p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249926	Organizational Behaviour	O. Jeff Harris & Sandra J. Hartman	PaperBack	This comprehensive textbook uses realistic case examples, self-tests and plentiful tables and figures to illustrate the principles of work-place behavior. The classic areas of ethics, motivation, conflict and organizational culture are amply covered, while special attention is paid to such current issues as the effects of new technologies on workers, the pitfalls and oppportunities of globalization and multiculturalism, the physical environment of the workplace, and the role perception plays in effective management. A teacher's manual with lecture notes and a test bank is also available. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	478p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929964	Organisational Behaviour (With CD)	Sarma V.S. Veluri	PaperBack	Includes CD with Case StudiesSelection and retention are the major challenges of human resource management. While selection is only looking at the person from an outer perspective, retention requires understanding deep insights into the employee. This requires knowledge about ones personality, his interaction in the group and organisation. Personality development is aimed at making the employee commit to the organisation. Mentoring and counselling require understanding ones psychological process. Key Features Diagrammatic presentation of the subject matter Small practical examples Real time small case descriptions 1600 self-learning exercises 1000 questions with alternative answers	2009	Jaico Publishing House	624p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923983	Strategic Human Resource Leader	W.J. Rothwell, R.K. Prescott & M.W. Taylor	PaperBack	Aligning the human resource function with organizational objectives, the authors demonstrate how to define and measure HR results, provide guidelines for building new competencies, and outline methods for narrowing the gap between current and future HR roles.Based on the SHRM/CCH-sponsored Futures Study that identifies the six major business trends that will affect our workplaces well into the 21st century, this book provides detailed action plans for reinventing the HR function to meet these challenges. The identified trends are changing technology, increasing globalization, continuing cost containment, increasing speed in market change, the growing importance of knowledge capital, and the increasing rate and magnitude of change. Written for executive-level HR professionals, consultants, and managers who bear human resource responsibilities, this solidly researched work shows how the HR professional is ideally positioned to assume the strategic, operational, and tactical leadership critical for success in todays business environment. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	376p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925714	Gandhi On Personal Leadership	Anand Kumarasamy	PaperBack	The process of personal growth and transformation seldom happens by accident; it is the product of our conscious choices.This book contains 39 powerful lessons of personal change, gleaned from Gandhis life. It offers us invaluable advice on creating and leading an enlightened life  a more meaningful, purpose-driven, self-aware and socially responsible life. Drawing from a diverse range of fields such as psychology, management, leadership, philosophy and spirituality, Anand Kumarasamy explains and illustrates each of these lessons in language that is simple, vivid and highly interesting. These lessons are based on timeless principles which, if deeply reflected upon and integrated into our daily lives, can powerfully transform us while positively impacting the world around us. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	248p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925803	5 Ancient Principles Of Leadership	Jack Myrick	PaperBack	Everything rises and falls on leadership. Leadership is the most critical ingredient in any organization. We all understand the importance of good leadership and know it when we see it, but describing or teaching leadership is elusive at best. Enter, The Shipbuilder. This delightful business-management allegory set in ancient Greece teaches the Five Principles of Leadership; as effective today as they were 2,500 years ago. Learn how to: get more done with fewer people supervise less build teamwork decrease employee turnover, and improve everyones morale  including your own! 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925846	The Adversity Challenge	Charles R. Stoner & John F. Gilligan	PaperBack	Based on a series of comprehensive interviews with senior business and organizational leaders, The Adversity Challenge explores how experienced leaders reframe adversity into springboards to success. What emerges is a powerful and revealing glimpse of how success is often shaped through setbacks, disappointments, and roadblocks. The book argues that the rebound attitude is critical for contemporary leaders facing a turbulent business climate.The Adversity Challenge is first and foremost a practical guide. The book helps managers and leaders recognize and confront the inevitability of adversity, and it offers specific suggestions on how they can grow from the tests of adversity. The book outlines how leaders generate the rebound attitude throughout their organizations, building corporate cultures that embrace organizational resilience.The message of The Adversity Challenge is inspiring, uplifting, and encouraging. The insights and suggestions speak directly to leaders at all levels. Moreover, the message is a wonderful statement of resilience and courage in the face of the realities of life.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	200p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925854	Strategic Thinking for Leaders	:e: Stephen Haines	PaperBack	This practical leadership book will help you learn the Systems Thinking Approach to leadership excellence. It is a better way to think, act, and achieve results as a leader. The objectives for this book are listed below. They have been developed to guide you, the leader and reader, to the core leadership issues covered in this book:  To provide 50 of the Best Practices Tips on Leadership To provide a comprehensive set of tips for all of the Six Natural Levels of Leadership Competencies that exist naturally in all organizations on earth To provide a Leadership Self-Assessment designed to motivate you to pursue greater leadership development in the growth areas you need to be a more effective leader To demonstrate how the Systems Thinking Approach is a practical way for you to dramatically increase your leadership effectiveness To provide a simple, quick, and ready reference guide to walk you through the everyday leadership issues you typically face 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	228p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926354	Leadership For The Ages	David P. Hanna	PaperBack	The last two decades of transition in organizations have presented new challenges to leadership. Many leaders face mergers, downsizing, and acquisitions that threaten to destroy trust within their companies. This book provides insight into what separates effective leaders from supervisors, advice for moving beyond the marketplace, a review of the proven approaches that increase an organizations staying power, and methods for increasing character and competence in leadership.Leadership for the Ages challenges leaders and commits them to a worthwhile vision of balance, demonstrating that the very core of leadershipthat which makes real leaders successfulis as timeless as the elements of nature. It is a road map as well as a how to manual for maintaining satisfaction with the bottom line while building trust. It represents the hope of leaders - the potential to achieve success, even in difficult times. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	336p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926451	Effective Leadership Development	John Adair	PaperBack	Leadership matters. It makes a difference to the way your organisation performs and the way it is perceived by employees and outsiders alike. John Adair is the UKs leading leadership guru and is regularly listed as one of the most influential management thinkers of all time. His work on Action Centred Leadership, with its simple but powerful three circles model of task, team and individual, has shaped leadership training for more than a generation. In this book he has distilled a lifetimes work to help you develop leadership within your organisation from board level right through to team leaders.For the first time he tackles the issue of whether his ideas, which began life in a military environment in the 1960s, can be transferred to the modern workplace. With case studies from Mitsubishi, The University of Surrey Engineering Department and a not-for-profit foreign development programme operating in Armenia, Adair comprehensively shows that his methods are being applied successfully in all types of organisations, in all types of cultures and at all levels of leadership. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927885	Be All You Can Be	John C. Maxwell	PaperBack	The only person who can stop you from becoming what God intends you to become is you!You want to be a leader, fulfilled and fully realized, always able to take what life throws at you and stretch beyond the status quo. But for some reason, you never quite get there. You just arent living up to your potential, and you dont know why.In an easygoing, conversational style, Dr. John Maxwell points out the possibilities within us all and then provides simple game plans for transforming those possibilities into realities. His practical methods of successful living, honed in his own life and ministry, can help you Be All You Can Be. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927908	Smart Leadership	Ken Blanchard	PaperBack	Are You a Smart Leader?Millions of people have improved their leadership and management style as well as the quality of their life after reading Ken Blanchards best-selling books. Now, in Smart Leadership, Blanchard reveals powerful life and leadership principles with simple insights that help you sharpen your leadership skills and build personal integrity.This book contains smart leadership advice on aiming for excellence; maintaining integrity; finding courage to change; helping others reach their potential and much more.Impact the lives of those around you by becoming a person of influence. Let one of the most revered leadership and management experts in the world show you how! 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	140p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928622	Leadership Development Activities	John Adair	PaperBack	This is a unique collection of over 40 practical learning exercises devised and tested by John Adair, one of the worlds acknowledged authorities on leadership development. All the exercises  many now classics and some published here for the first time  are designed to facilitate the development of core leadership skills.The exercises are divided into themed groups: Construction Exercises, Discussion Exercises, Thinking Exercises, and Out-of-doors Activity Exercises. As well as details on how the exercises work, the author provides background context on where, when and how to use them.John Adair has drawn up four suggested programmes, each aimed at learners with different levels of experience, or concentrating on a particular leadership skill. In addition, a learning point matrix helps you match exercises against the skills you are seeking to develop, enabling you to put together your own tailored, and focussed, learning events. The result is a volume that will be a powerful tool for all training and development specialists. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179926789	The Top 10 Mistakes Leaders Make	Hans Finzel	PaperBack	Top-flight Leaders Arent Born. They Learn By Bad Example.Poor leadership habits spawn new generations of poor leaders. Or they create enough discomfort that the leader figures out how to do it right. That has been the experience of author Hans Finzel and many others. In this leadership classic Hans describes the ten most common leadership faux pas: The top-down attitude  Dirty delegation  Putting paperwork before peoplework  Communication chaos  The absence of affirmation  Missing the culture clues  No room for mavericks  Success without successors  Dictatorship in decision-making  Failure to focus on the future 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	200p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928073	Unleashing Leadership	John Hoover & Angelo Valenti	PaperBack	The old leadership school taught that an organization is made up of officers and enlistees, the more powerful and the less powerful, superiors and subordinates. Leadership is a circle, not a ladder. Inverting this traditional pyramid of institutionalized defensiveness and territoriality requires a premeditated, purposeful, intentional, and methodical leadership system that aligns what people do best with what organizations need most.You have all the leadership potential needed in your organization right now to increase performance, productivity, and profits  and to sustain the increases. Unfortunately, the vast majority of your organizations leadership potential is probably locked up behind the bars of bureaucracy or staggering under the weight of organizational inertia. Unleashing Leadership will show everyone in any size organization how to increase performance, productivity, and profits  and sustain the increases. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	286p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928394	Jesus on Leadership	C. Gene Wilkes, :c:  Calvin Miller	PaperBack	Discovering the secrets of SERVANT LEADERSHIP from THE LIFE OF CHRISTJesus on Leadership  a must read! This book is most inspiring and practical. Im pleased to recommend it. William Mitchell, author of Building Strong Families, Founder of Power of Positive StudentsRead at your own risk. Gene Wilkes may change your whole view of leadership. This refreshing book deserves top priority on your reading list. I predict it will be around for a long time. Lynn Anderson, president, Hope Network Ministries and author of They Smell Like Sheep: Biblical Leadership for the Twenty-First CenturyWhat Gene Wilkes says is right on target at delivering a corrective for so much of what we see masquerading as Christian leadership. Dont read this book if you are unwilling to be challenged  or even changed! Reggie McNeal, director of leadership development, South Carolina Baptist Convention 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	268p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929414	Bhagavad Gita on Effective Leadership	Pujan Roka	PaperBack	The Bhagavad Gita has been predominantly considered a scriptural summary of the essence of ancient Eastern teachings and wisdom, as studied in the contexts of philosophy, theology, and ancient Eastern literature.Many contemporary writers and thinkers of leadership have presented theories and practices that are similar to the concepts discussed in the Bhagavad Gita. Pujan Rokas Bhagavad Gita on Effective Leadership is the first to compare the concepts discussed in the Bhagavad Gita with contemporary leadership theories and practices. The Bhagavad Gita attests that the subject of leadership was profound in the ancient East; and its principles are still applicable to business and organizations today. For example, a leaders emotional intelligence, such as self-awareness and empathy, can have a large impact on an organization.Drawing on the brilliant insights gained from the Bhagavad Gita, Bhagavad Gita on Effective Leadership can show you how to be a valuable leader.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929469	The Bible On Leadership	Lorin Woolfe	PaperBack	The Bible is a repository of spiritual guidance and religious vision  but it also happens to be the greatest collection of leadership case studies ever written. Filled with wonderful, inspiring stories of prophets, kings, warriors, strategists, and visionaries, the Old and New Testaments reveal qualities of leadership that are astonishingly applicable to modern businesspeople.The Bible on Leadership is the first business book that offers leadership lessons from dozens of biblical figures, illuminating their ability to face and overcome extraordinary challenges. The book identifies ten core traits  among them honesty and integrity, purpose, courage, and humility  and shows how they are found in many of our own business executives. Business leaders profiled include Steve Jobs, Gordon Bethune, Sam Walton, Lou Gerstner, Andy Grove, and Mary Kay Ash, who at their best demo 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950137	Management & Leadership in Organizations	:e: Charlotte Rayner & Derek Adam-Smith	PaperBack	This book is a suitable text for students taking courses such as People and Organizations on wider business degrees. Building on the success of the first edition, this revised and updated text reflects the most recent developments in management and leadership and adopts a more international perspective. Key topics include the strategic context, ethics and diversity, the psychological contract, motivation and reward, recruitment and selection and developing for the future. Written in a clear and accessible way, Management & Leadership in Organizations draws on academic theory and research, but balances this with case studies and real-world examples from a wide range of organizations. Further reading and discussion questions challenge and engage students.Key Features Includes latest developments in management & leadership Provides an international perspective Balances academic theory with case studies and real-world examples Written in a clear and accessible way 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	220p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950434	Alexander The Great	Lance Kurke	PaperBack	Exceptional leaders are the ones who are able to analyze problems, optimize resources, inspire loyalty, and execute strategy. There is no more stunning example in history than Alexander the Great, whose leadership skills were so immense that they still resonate some 2,000 years later. Alexander the Great reveals four leadership processes distilled from the life and extraordinary accomplishments of Alexander, King of Macedonia. Readers will learn how he:  Reframed problems in order to meet seemingly insurmountable challenges  Built alliances by using his strength to generate trust and respect, not just fear  Established identity and branded himself a unifier, thus keeping the home base secure while continuing to expand his empire  Recognized and assimilated the cultures and symbols of different peoples, becoming a powerful and trusted figure everywhere he went This volume relates riveting episodes from Alexanders expansion through Asia Minor, Egypt, Mesopotamia, the Middle East, the Persian Empire, and India. Each example, tied to a modern-day counterpart, imparts valuable lessons from the timeless legend of one of the greatest leaders in history.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950571	Put Your Dream to the Test	John C. Maxwell	PaperBack	DO YOU DREAM BIG?Now you can put your dream to the test and bring it to life!Whats the difference between a dreamer and someone who achieves a dream? According to best-selling author Dr. John Maxwell, the answer lies in answering ten powerful, yet straightforward, questions. Whether youve lost sight of an old dream or you are searching for a new one within you, Put Your Dream to the Test provides a step-by-step action plan that you can start using today to see, own, and reach your dream. Dr. Maxwell draws on his forty years of mentoring experience to expertly guide you through the ten questions required of every successful dreamer.Its one thing to have a dream. Its another to do the things needed to achieve it, says Maxwell. If youre willing to put your dream to the test  and do whats needed to answer yes to the ten dream questions  then your odds are very good for seeing your dream become reality.Dont leave your dream to chance. This book is a must-have and can make the difference between failure and success. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	264p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950588	Be a People Person	John C. Maxwell	PaperBack	YOU can bring out the BEST in PEOPLE.Being a leader means working with people, and thats not always easy! Whether in your office, church, neighborhood, or elsewhere, your interpersonal relationships can make or break you as a leader. Thats why its so important to be a people person and develop your skills in tapping the most precious resource: people. In this powerful book, leadership expert John C. Maxwell helps you: Discover and Develop the qualities of an effective people person Improve your relationships in every area of life Understand and help difficult people Overcome differences and personality traits that can cause friction Inspire others to excellence and successLoaded with life-changing and enriching principles for interacting positively and powerfully with your family, friends, colleagues, and clients, Be a People Person is certain to help you bring out the best in others  and thats what effective leadership is all about. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950618	The Heart of a Leader	Ken Blanchard	PaperBack	Ken Blanchard, one of the best-known leadership and business experts, helps you understand and experience the art of influence by revealing the greatest life and leadership lessons hes learned in his rich career as an educator and business leader. The Heart of a Leader offers Blanchards insight and wisdom on:  Choosing values  Aiming for excellence  Maintaining integrity  Finding the courage to change  Helping others reach their potential  And much more Powerfully challenging and deeply inspiring, The Heart of a Leader will enable you to develop the courageous heart of a true leader, to master key attitudes and actions needed to impact lives around you, and enjoy the profound wisdom that only Ken Blanchard can deliver.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172243928	How to Motivate People	Andrew Sargent	PaperBack	How does a manager gain a positive commitment of the work place? What measures are necessary to motivate employees and make them effective members of the organization?Andrew Sargent explains the issues, the theories expounded by behavioural scientists, the barriers to motivation, the crucial influence of the personnel expert and through description of actual case studies the role of supervisors. He offers positive, practical and informative guidance to achieving harmonisation and motivating the team. The book focuses on constructive analysis of the challenge of motivation and practical help in making it happen. The book is straight forward and common sense style spells out a clear message for managers in todays demanding business environment. 	1995	Jaico Publishing House	106p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247443	Success Secrets of Top Leadership Gurus	Michael Jeffrey	PaperBack	This is a book about fifteen individuals who dared to dream big, and then turn their dreams into reality. Their level of financial success and professional recofnition has placed them at the pinnacle of their professions. These superstars had a vision of themselves making a difference in people's lives by sharing their messsage; a vision that was bigger than their fear of appearing foolish. Their attitudes early in their careers was that one cannot fail at anything in life; one can only learn from one's experiences and grow in the process. As you read each chapter, you'll find inspirational examples of what it means t opursue one's life vision with passion. You'll find that each speaker has their own inspiring story to share about perseverance, determination, courage and the power of nelieving in oneself.	2002	Jaico Publishing House	512p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921425	The Motivation Handbook	Sarah Hollyforde & Steve Whiddett	HardBound	Clearly, the ability to motivate others (and yourself) is crucial for top performance. At times it can seem like balancing on a tightrope  get it right and the rewards benefit everyone; get it wrong and you can end up with low morale, poor performance and a badly disaffected workforce. What triggers motivation in one individual may have a negative effect on another. This major new book eliminates the hit-and-miss element by providing a comprehensive overview of motivational theory and its applications at work. First, the authors explore the core and related motivation theories from Maslows Hierarchy of Needs and Herzbergs Hygiene Factors to Expectancy, Goal-setting and Reinforcement. Each is presented in a clear and highly readable format with critical commentary on its relevance and character illustrations to bring theory to life. Next they proceed to look at key organisational activities such as job design, reward, communication, managing teams, setting objectives and dealing with poor performance. For each they highlight the relevant theories and, with the help of real-life examples drawn from a wide range of settings, show how they translate into practice. 		Jaico Publishing House	296p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249950	The Motivation Handbook	Sarah Hollyforde & Steve Whiddett	PaperBack	Clearly, the ability to motivate others (and yourself) is crucial for top performance. At times it can seem like balancing on a tightrope  get it right and the rewards benefit everyone; get it wrong and you can end up with low morale, poor performance and a badly disaffected workforce. What triggers motivation in one individual may have a negative effect on another. This major new book eliminates the hit-and-miss element by providing a comprehensive overview of motivational theory and its applications at work. First, the authors explore the core and related motivation theories from Maslows Hierarchy of Needs and Herzbergs Hygiene Factors to Expectancy, Goal-setting and Reinforcement. Each is presented in a clear and highly readable format with critical commentary on its relevance and character illustrations to bring theory to life. Next they proceed to look at key organisational activities such as job design, reward, communication, managing teams, setting objectives and dealing with poor performance. For each they highlight the relevant theories and, with the help of real-life examples drawn from a wide range of settings, show how they translate into practice. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	296p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246307	1001 Ways to Motivate Yourself And Others	Sang H. Kim	PaperBack	Having trouble accomplishing your goals? Want to make tough decisions without procrastination? You know what to do, you just need a little motivation to take that critical first step in the right direction. Discover what it takes to successfully motivate yourself, your colleagues, your customers, your students, even your boss to make your life easier and more productive. '1001 Ways to Motivate Yourself and Others' is packed with hundreds of proven, effective ways to get yourself moving on the road to success. 	1997	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248571	1001 Ways To Inspire	David E. Rye	PaperBack	1001 Ways To Inspire Your Organization, Your Team and Yourself presents a profound model of four personality types. It offers a simple diagnostic test to help you figure out your own personality type and understand what motivates others. The knowledge you gain from this book will give you the power to deal more effectively in every interpersonal situation you face. Perfect for entrepreneurs, managers, and business people at all levels. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925501	100 Ways to Motivate Others	Steve Chandler & Scott Richardson	PaperBack	The first step in motivating others is for you, if youre the leader wanting the motivation, to realize that if theres a problem, Im the problem. Once you truly get that, then you can use these 100 ways. After youve learned to motivate yourself, Steve and Scott will help you learn: How to slow down and enjoy a new level of focus Why multitasking is a myth, not a strength, and keeping life simple and straightforward is the goal The power of building on your peoples strengths How to avoid the damaging inclination to obsess about peoples weaknesses A simple and creative way to hold people accountable How to enjoy cultivating the art of supportive confrontation100 Ways to Motivate Others is the culmination of many years of successful leadership coaching and training by best-selling author Steve Chandler and attorney Scott Richardson. Chandler and Richardson have crafted a vital, user-friendly, inspirational guide for executives, managers, and professionals... and those aspiring to reach that level. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927021	Great Quotes To Rise To The Top	Zig Ziglar	PaperBack	THE MARKETING GURU & MOTIVATIONAL SPEAKERZig ZiglarHilary Hinton Zig Ziglar is founder and chairman of Zig Ziglar Corporation, a training company whose client list includes small and mid-size businesses, Fortune 500 companies and government agencies. He has written 23 celebrated books on personal growth, leadership, sales and success, including SEE YOU ON TOP, which has sold more than 1.5 million copies worldwide. Zig Ziglar, the master of motivation and inspiration, has helped millions achieve their goals. Now you, too, can rise to the top, overcome barriers, attain success and develop an optimistic, healthy attitude with Great Quotes To Rise To The Top. You can use these quotes for your own personal enrichment as well as share your favorites with others. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	96p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927960	52 Ways To Motivate Your Staff	Trish Nicholson	PaperBack	In this book, practical hints on how we learn, communicate and relate to each other are applied to routine management techniques such as delegation, project working, career planning and time control. The ideas are very practical and can be applied to develop yourself and those who report to you while carrying out your everyday task objectives. The book shows how leadership can be spotted and developed early on, how hidden talents can be discovered to enrich your team, how demotivated managers can be re-motivated and how the limitations of rigid job descriptions and formal appraisal schemes can be overcome. It is an excellent dipping-into book as well as a comprehensive guide book, with a series of 52 self-contained topics of great currency and relevance to managers and staff alike. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950595	Better than Good	Zig Ziglar	PaperBack	The Ultimate Challenge: To Be Better Than GoodIn the real-life stories Zig shares, drawn from nearly fifty years as a world-class motivational author, speaker, and businessman, youll discover how others have risen above fear and failure to embrace the quality of life they were meant to have. Their experiences will teach you how to accomplish more than you ever dreamed possible, even as you learn: the three pillars of the Better Than Good life new discoveries that will motivate you for life how to develop a strategic plan that accomplishes your goals what often keeps good people from reaching the ultimate level of productivity and happiness ways to form better-than-good habits that can take you to new horizons of success...and much, much more!Let this master of motivation help you clear your mind of failure-prone thinking, as together with Zig Ziglar, you redefine success and take hold of your dreams. Let him inspire you to be Better Than Good! 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	264p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950564	Something for Nothing	Brian Tracy	PaperBack	WHY WE DO THE THINGS WE DOIn his characteristic, no-nonsense style, international bestselling author Brian Tracy, explains that there is an epidemic sweeping the world today  that of the something for nothing mentality. This epidemic is rooted in the out-of-control and insatiable demands of thousands and millions of people. Today the worlds greatness is being undermined by people using various means to steal other peoples dreams and money. Rather than participate and innovate in the marketplace, generating goods and services that benefit society, people are increasingly vying for political advantage to live at the expense of others. In this influential book, Tracy reminds us that our greatness is based on honesty, integrity and fair dealing. Tracy proves that this something for nothing attitude has never been the way of the world and helps readers set a personal and culture-wide agenda for change. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	264p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950663	He Swam with Sharks for an Ice-cream	Dhaval Bathia	PaperBack	In an ancient village, a retired billionaire possesses a secret diary! Within its pages are insights by which a person can attract fame, wealth and success.For over decades the old man has preserved the diary, but an unexpected series of events in his life has now forced him to reveal its contents.He is deeply aware that whosoever reads it will acquire the power to fulfill all his dreams and reach his destiny. However, he knows that this priceless wisdom is not for everybody, only for a few chosen ones !Are you amongst one of them ?Will you get to know these powerful secrets ? Join Dave and Abhi, two young executives, in an enchanting journey that will transform your life forever !	2010	Jaico Publishing House	328p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950960	The Essence of Business & Management	Motilal Oswal	PaperBack	This handy book contains inspiring quotations on business and management by great leaders such as Robin Sharma, Napoleon Hill, Brian Tracy, Jack Welch, Ram Charan and Azim Premji. Each quotation has a deep meaning and is both inspiring and thought-provoking. This simple yet profound collection will provide you with wisdom on leadership and management; through its various chapters.Humorous caricatures have been included to make this book accessible and entertaining. 	2010	Jaico Publishing House	110p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248792	Work Teams That Work	Anthony Montebello	PaperBack	Work Teams That Work is a super handbook for both organisations and individuals who are serious about developing teams. The book provides rich case examples of how companies completely dismantle the hierarchy, shed unnecessary work and efficiency, and provides a proven team development system along with skills and strategies that have been tested and can be immediately applied to achieve the dual goals of higher productivity and increased satisfaction.	2001	Jaico Publishing House	344p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244304	Teamwork in Practice: Pulling Together 	Alison Hardingham  & Jenny Royal	PaperBack	Teamwork is essential for getting things done, yet many organizations find the process fraught with problems.This clear and practical text brings together theoretical principles, case studies, real-life examples and a toolkit of useful techniques to show how this work. The book demonstrates in detail how to get your team going and keep it on track. 	1995	Jaico Publishing House	196p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924181	Team Development & Leadership	Dr.B. Rathan Reddy	PaperBack	Collaboration and teamwork have become vital during the past decade, and organisations have to cooperate internally and work in teams to compete in the rapidly changing environment. Almost everywhere people gather to get things done effectively. There are cross-functional teams, executive teams and management teams for effective customer service.This book is based on primary research at the Institute of Public Enterprise, which is engaged in research, consultancy and training for corporate executives, trade union leaders and political leaders. The book is intended to be a practical guide to success in collaborative teamwork, based on the rich experiences of thousands of team members and leaders. Team Development and Leadership is an excellent guide for team leaders, whether experienced or new to the job. In addition to learning effective strategies and techniques, team members can use the material in this book to collaborate more effectively. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	672p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929018	Co-Active Coaching	Laura Whitworth, Henry Kimsey-House & Phil Sandahl	PaperBack	The coaching profession is on the rise. Recent surveys have shown that more and more executives and managers are seeking coaching for increased self-awareness, a more balanced life, better goal setting, and less stress. Do you have what it takes to be the coach these individuals are looking for?Written by three leading authorities in the field of professional coaching, Co-Active Coaching offers a new model of practice for coaches as well as for all those who want to integrate coaching into their consulting practice. Authors Laura Whitworth, Henry Kimsey-House, and Phil Sandahl describe the principles and components of co-active coaching, a ground-breaking technique founded on interactive participation and collaboration, and thoroughly examine the skills needed for practice. With over two dozen instructive coaching dialogues and examples, eighteen skill-building exercises to develop co-active coaching techniques, and a comprehensive coachs toolkit, this hands-on reference gives you the critical foundation and practical guidance you need to succeed as a professional coach. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925102	The Coach's Coach	Alison Hardingham with Mike Brearley, Adrian Moorhouse & Brendan Venter	HardBound	Being a coach is a complex job - maybe you feel you could do with a coach yourself. Whether you are an experienced coach or just starting out, a specialist consultant or a coaching manager, this book will help you to become better and to enjoy it more. And ultimately, it will help you to help the people you are coaching to improve their performance, which, after all, is why you became a coach in the first place. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	212p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929551	The 10 Minute Coach	Dan Lier	PaperBack	International speaker, success coach, and sports performance consultant Dan Lier provides you with 27 proven strategies to improve your life. These strategies are practiced by successful people everywhere  from CEOs to soccer moms. Lier will help you build momentum and reach your goals.Learn how to: Implement strategies for life success Boost your career just by changing your attitude Improve your relationships with better communication Raise kids who are leadersOver the past decade, Dan Lier has affected hundreds of thousands of people at his speaking events and has inspired his coaching clients. In this book, he shares powerful strategies that will influence your life, your career, your relationships, and your family. Liers proven advice is broken into bite-sized chunks  perfect for a parent or a professional on the go.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	168p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249144	Assessing Management Skills	Margaret Dale & Paul Iles	PaperBack	Assessing Management Skills provides a comprehensive, concise and accessible introduction to skills assessment and emphasizes its practical implications for selection, recruitment and training. It discusses contemporary methods of assessment and how they can be used in different ways for different purposes. It features a wealth of real-life examples and case studies demonstrating both good and poor practice.	2002	Jaico Publishing House	264p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922774	360 Degree Feedback: A Management Tool	Peter Ward	PaperBack	Introducing 360 Degree Feedback, a process originally developed by NASA, to evaluate their space programmes cast, highlights the vital process factors such as teamwork, communication, decision making, and morale that underlie long term business success. In this pioneering book, Peter Ward who introduced the technique into Texco explains its advantages over other assessment methods and offers detailed and practical guidance on implementation. He examines, where, why and how to adopt 360 degree approaches. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	280p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248520	Performance Management	Michael Armstrong & Angela Baron	PaperBack	Effective corporate initiatives and processes are the bedrock of successful organisations; Developing Practice provides managers with essential frameworks to identify, formulate and implement the best policies and practice in the management and development of people.All employers need to find ways to improve the performance of their people. Yet many of todays personnel departments are abolishing rigid systems of performance management in favour of strategic frameworks that empower individual managers to communicate with, motivate and develop their staff.One of Birtains best-known business writers and the IPDs Policy Adviser for Employee Resourcing draw on detailed data from over 550 organisations - including the latest innovations adopted by leading-edge companies ranging from BP Exploration to the Corporation of London, and from AA Insurance to Zeneca - to illuminate how approaches to appraisal have evolved and to identify current best practice in performance management. They explore its history, philosophy and separate elements, the criticisms it has attracted and its impact (if any) on quantiflable business results. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	480p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928110	Case Studies In Performance Improvement: Getting Results	:e: Timm J. Esque & Patricia A. Patterson	PaperBack	This book simply and elegantly demonstrates how to measure performance improvement. It deserves a place on the shelf of practitioner and client alike.At last, a book about improving human performance that demonstrates what we say we do: influence measurable improvement. In the foreword, Dr. Carl Binder describes Case Studies In Performance Improvement: Getting Results as an attempt to recapture the cultural value of objective measurement and data-based decision making from our roots.... The data presented in this book is real, succinct, and thoroughly interesting.Using a simple case presentation style, Case Studies In Performance Improvement: Getting Results describes 22 specific applications of performance improvement. Each case includes the problem or opportunity prompting the need for action; a description of the intervention; and most importantly, documentation of the interventions impact in simple graphical form. This graphical display of performance data illustrates an important point: performance improvement is about measurable performance results, and documenting performance results can and should be very simple. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249128	Handbook of Performance Management	:e: Frances Neale	PaperBack	Managers inevitably influence performance and always hope to improve it. Yet true performance is a part of a carefully conceived and broadly based action strategy. In this comprehensive but accessible book, leading practitioners and consultants describe in detail how performance management can be made to work to the advantage of organizations and individuals. It draws together the expertise of leaders in the field, to cover each critical area of this management discipline viz. writing the job profile, job evaluation, appraisal, performance related pay, training , development, and feedback into individual and corporate objectives. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	168p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924939	Handbook of Reward Strategies	Duncan Brown	HardBound	There is no single formula for strategic reward success. The author offers practical guidance that will enable you to develop and implement practices that are aligned with your organizations business goals, structure and people. He also addresses the cornerstones of successful reward strategy and identifies how you can build your organizations competitiveness on those foundations.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	290p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928783	Performance Management and Development	Michael Armstrong & Angela Baron	PaperBack	Managing performance is a critical focus of HR activity. Well designed strategies to recognise and improve performance and focus individual effort can have a dramatic effect on bottom-line results. However, performance management delivered badly is a waste of time that will win you no friends. The problem is to determine what processes, tools and delivery mechanisms will improve performance in your organisation, and which are best avoided.Michael Armstrong and Angela Baron have tracked performance management processes over the past several years and can demonstrate which ones deliver and which ones are duds. Their comprehensive survey reveals what leading organisations are doing to manage their employees performance and how they are delivering results. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929773	The Performance Management Handbook	:e: Mike Walters	PaperBack	Performance management is about directing and supporting employees to work as effectively and efficiently as possible in line with the needs of the organisation. We achieve effective performance management through a variety of tools and interventions at different levels in the organisation. These may include: strategic planning the definition of organisational goals, priorities and values the identification and application of appropriate performance goals and measures for the organisation, for key processes, for functions, and for individual employees appraisal personal development planning learning and development activities various forms of performance-related payThis book aims to help managers by developing a co-ordinated model of performance management that reflects both corporate objectives and key organisational interdependencies. The book is constructed to reflect the process that must underpin strategic performance management.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248806	The Excellent Trainer	Di Kamp	PaperBack	Most trainers are familiar with the principles of neuro-linguistic programming. What Di Kamp does in this book is to show how NLP techniques can be directly applied to the business of training. Kamp looks at the fast-changing organizational world in which trainers now operate, then at the role of the trainer and the skills and qualities required. She goes on to deal with actual training process and provides systematic guidance on using NLP in preparation, delivery, follow-up. Finally she explores the need for continuous improvement, offering not only ideas and explanation but also instruments and activities designed to enhance both personal and professional development.If you are involved in training, youll find this book a powerful tool both for developing yourself and for enriching the learning opportunities you create for others. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	204p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248822	Training Interventions	Margaret Anne Reid & Harry Barrington	PaperBack	Training Intervention takes account of the growing emphasis on self managed learning and competence based assessment. It provides a critical overview of the National framework and brings out the fundamental issues and principles, discussing the practical details of need assessment, planning, evaluating and training. The analysis of topical issues make it invaluable to practitioners while the exercises, cases, suggestion, discussions and reading provides a unique resource for continuing self development. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	526p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920402	Train Your Team Yourself !       	Lisa Hadfield-Law	PaperBack	One of the most effective ways of investing in your team is through effective training. But many managers exhaust their budgets on expensive training couorses that are not always relevant to their work context and needs. So why not train your team yourself? You are the best person to decide what your team members should be able to do. This inspiring and practical book equips you to personally design and deliver customised, cost-effective training.	2002	Jaico Publishing House	154p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922782	Handbook of Training Evaluation and Measurement Methods	Jack J. Philips	PaperBack	Revised with updated information and current case studies, plus seven new chapters, this new edition gives you the latest tools for showing profitability in your HRD program. Todays economic climate demands that anyone involved in training and development be able to both produce and document results. This is an invaluable reference for anyone involved in human resource development.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	438p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920577	The Complete New Training Library (12 Vol. Set)  	:c: Dave Zielinski	HardBound	12 Volumes1. Basic Training: The Language of Corporate Education2. Adult Learning In Your Classroom3. The Best of Creative Training Techniques Newsletter4. Designing Training For Results5. The Training Mix: Choosing And Using Media And Methods6. Managing Training In The Organization, Book 17. Managing Training In The Organization, Book 28. Delivering Training: Mastery In The Classroom9. Evaluating Trainings Impact10. Using Technology-Delivered Learning11. The Effective Performance Consultant12. Making Training Pay Off On The Job	2002	Jaico Publishing House		English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249942	50 Case Studies in Management Training	Alan B. Clardy	PaperBack	The cases reported in this manual are, with few exceptions, based upon true stories that have been gathered from a broad spectrum of supervisors and managers. These cases have been successfully used in various management and supervisory training programs and it has been found that they produce recognition, discussion, and even debate. Invariably, they challenge trainees and encourage them to rethink and re-examine the fundamentals of being an effective leader. Together, as presented in this manual, they cover a full range of management and supervisory issues and concerns.The cases go straight to the heart of universal leadership challenges and their application extends into virtually any organizational area. They include issues such as dealing with a difficult employee, improving performance, training and coaching, selecting the right person for the job, and managing fairly and effectively. These challenges are likely to confront any manager or supervisor in any kind of organization, and developing the ability to respond to them productively and to learn from them is what this manual is all about. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	316p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929230	A to Z of Training & Development: Tools & Techniques	Samuel A. Malone	PaperBack	A To Z Of Training And Development: Tools And Techniques is an essential A-Z guide to the most widely used terms, themes, theories, models and concepts used in the field of learning. The book provides HR practitioners, line managers and students alike with detailed descriptions of over 400 terms and offers comprehensive guidance on the theory and practice of learning in all its contexts.This book is an ideal first point of reference, with each entry providing a detailed description of the term, its practical uses in the workplace and a full listing of sources of further information. As well as a jargon-buster and source of information, it is a great source of ideas, many of which can be immediately put into practice to improve learning. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	344p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921212	Encyclopedia of Training and Performance Management	10 Volumes	HardBound	10 Volumes This encyclopedia will provide you with proven techniques and guide you through the process of training and performance management by giving you an essential overview of various methods that are best suited for your organization.Vol. 1: Managing Performance (Michael Armstrong & Angela Baron)Vol. 2: Evaluating Training (Peter Bramley)Vol. 3: Reward Management In Context (Angela Wright)Vol. 4: Developing Effective Training Skills (Tony Pont)Vol. 5: Appraisal (Clive Fletcher)Vol. 6: Organizational Performance (Editors  Johnson, Redmon & Mawhinney)Vol. 7: The Job Evaluation (Michael Armstrong & Angela Baron)Vol. 8: The Motivation (Sarah Hollyforde & Steve Whiddett)Vol. 9: Training Interventions (Margaret Anne Reid & Harry A. Barrington)Vol. 10: 360 Degree Feedback (Peter Ward) 	2005	Jaico Publishing House		English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928790	Creative Training Techniques Handbook	Robert W. Pike, CSP, CPAE	PaperBack	This key resource for all training professionals has been carefully revised and updated. The focus continues to be on delivering results, not just training. All the basics are covered: how to tap into learners, motivation, customizing for your audience, great presentation techniques, and creative activities that you can use. ...With todays knowledge economy, it is more important than ever before the people learn how to be lifelong learners. Applying Creative Training Techniques makes it easier for them to do that.You hold in your hands a tool that can make you a more effective trainer, facilitator, and coach. Applying the ideas will help you create an environment where learning truly takes place  and where people leave excited about making a difference. Ken Blanchard, Ph.D., author of The One Minute Manager and Smart Leadership 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	328p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922278	Preparing Instructional Objectives   	Robert F. Mager	HardBound	This book is a systematic guide to identifying, selecting, and writing objectives that create the foundation for instructional success. It shows you how to write objectives that give you the power to select the best content and methods for achieving your goals. It also provides learners with a road map to guide them through the learning process. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	194p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927410	The Competencies Handbook	Steve Whiddett & Sarah Hollyforde	PaperBack	Far from being the latest management fad, competency frameworks focus on how people do their jobs and will always lie at the heart of people management activities.For many of us, devising competency criteria used to be an area best left to experts. But now, the authors have succeeded in demystifying the whole competency debate, giving a thoroughly straightforward and practical guide which will be welcomed by everyone who needs to know more about the crucial role competencies play in management today.The authors begin by guiding the reader through all the stages of developing a core competency framework. They outline the principles and quality standards necessary to ensure the framework is effective across the whole business, easy to use, well defined, relevant and fair.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	206p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927489	NLP - Principles & Practice	Peter Young	PaperBack	Neuro-Lingusitic Programming (NLP) works by changing the way we perceive and make meaning of the world we live in and how we understand our experiences, so that we may intervene effectively. Although NLP is renowned for its rapid and dramatic changes, it also creates subtle changes over the longer term, at all levels of body, mind and spirit.When it first appeared, NLP offered a radical shake-up of traditional therapy and change techniques. Although some rejected its ground-breaking approach, there were many who welcomed NLPs innovative way of working, and over the last three decades it has expanded greatly. New techniques and therapeutic procedures are constantly being developed and the number of training courses and books grows all the time. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	316p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929117	Winning Business Games	L. Michael Hall	PaperBack	WINNING BUSINESS GAMES reveals not only the games that experts play to win, but the successful ways to play them. As you read this book you will learn to play games that work for you, and you will understand that successful game-playing involves changing your frame of mind  because it is only when you change your own frame, and replicate the frame of a business expert, that you too will become a consistently, habitually successful business person.Presenting unique insights into the minds of successful business experts, this revelatory book applies powerful techniques from the sphere of Neuro-Linguistic Programming that will target your behavior and transform you into a brilliant player.It then coaches you in games for personal empowerment, teaching you how to win at specific games that address: positioning yourself; making work meaningful and satisfying; handling things; being your own best boss; adding value to the lives of others; resolving conflicts; inventing even better games. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	304p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927076	Psychological Testing	John Toplis, Victor Dulewicz & Clive Fletcher	PaperBack	If youre serious about developing your managers, and recruiting the right employees, you need to know what makes them tick, what theyll be good at and where theyre likely to fall down. Psychological Testing can tell you. Sometimes. Other times if you get it wrong, it can be an expensive waste of money that gives you results that are at best irrelevant and at worst, dangerously misleading.This new edition builds on the books success and includes new material on the use of the internet, computer-administered adaptive testing, and the testing of emotional intelligence.Clear, comprehensive and practical, this is the perfect guide to getting the best from psychological testing.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	180p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245297	Strategic Change	Richard L. Knowdell, Elizabeth Branstead & Milan Moravec	HardBound	From Downsizing to Recovery is an excellent resource for the corporate executive and business planner looking for new insights into how downsizing and outplacement relate to business planning, human resource planning and legal realities, as well as for the line managers who need guidance through a minefield of issues and problems. The authors have artfully woven a story line into the book that traces the chain of events in the decision of a country to downsize. Readers will find it easy to identify with the characters and follow their journey through downsizing to recovery cycle. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	240p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929353	Change Management In Organisations	Mark Hughes	PaperBack	Designed to cater for change modules on HR and business degree programmes at both undergraduate and postgraduate level, this comprehensive textbook introduces the reader to the wide range of contentious debates currently informing understanding about change management.The textbook covers a breadth of change management topics, including chapters on individual change, technological change, resistance to change, group-based change and controlling change. It draws upon an extensive review of relevant change management literature in order to encourage a critical perspective, as well as a deeper understanding of this important subject area. This textbook offers the reader answers to questions including why change management tends to fail and why individuals are neglected in traditional accounts of change management.Pedagogical features include case studies and discussion questions. The case studies are written specifically for this textbook and require the reader to engage with the practicalities of change management in a range of different organisational contexts. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	236p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925471	Transform Your company & Enjoy It!	Ken Lewis & Stephen Lytton	PaperBack	Transform Your Company & Enjoy It is the account of how the Chief Executive of a British firm broke the traditional mould, and transformed a small engineering business into a model company that has won a stream of awards for outstanding business practices. It relates how Ken Lewis achieved this remarkable turnaround, and shows how the same principles can be adapted to any organisation seeking a radical change in its culture and performance. This book will challenge senior management everywhere  offering a new and unusual approach which has brought unprecedented success to the company that pioneered it. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926060	Industrial Organization	Lus M.B. Cabral	PaperBack	Over the past twenty years, the study of industrial organizationthe analysis of imperfectly competitive marketshas grown from a niche of micro-economics to a key component of economics and of related disciplines such as finance, strategy, and marketing. This book provides an issue-driven introduction to industrial organization. While formal in its approach, the book is written in a way that requires only basic mathematical training. Supplemental materials posted on the Web make more extensive use of algebra and calculus. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	368p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927618	The Economics Of Competition	George G. Djolov	PaperBack	Are monopolies truly a problem in a free market?Competition is seen as a continuous process in a free market. This book comprehensively explores the competitive process in its two mechanisms, the transfer of market share from one rival to another, and innovation of a new product, new method of production, new market opening, or new source of supply of raw materials. The Economics of Competition uses the South African pharmaceutical industry as a case study to challenge accepted economic and regulatory views on competition and monopoly, then re-establishes and emphasizes the importance of foundational economic principles. The effects of public policy, legislation, and pricing regulations are discussed in detail. The book has several tables and figures to enhance clarity and is extensively referenced.This detailed examination is designed to be useful and informative for scholars and practitioners of competition (antitrust) law, microeconomics, industrial economics, industrial organization, managerial economics, and marketing strategy.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	344p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950120	Macroeconomics	Steven Mark Cohn	PaperBack	MACROECONOMICS provides readers with a running commentary on the standard approach, while simultaneously introducing them to a broader range of ideas about the causes and appropriate policy responses to a wide range of common economic problems. It explains the key principles that underlie a variety of alternative theoretical perspectives including institutionalist economics, radical economics, Post Keynesian economics, feminist economics, ecological economics, Marxist economics, social economics, and socioeconomics in clear and accessible style.Key Features The book provides a balanced critique of the standard introductory macroeconomic curriculum It brings alternative perspectives into the classroom in an accessible way that empowers students to think about the economy in new and exciting ways The book also includes end-of-chapter study questions, as well as a detailed note to instructors	2009	Jaico Publishing House	396p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928479	The Complete Encyclopedia of Financial Accounting	Dr. G. Francis Xavier	PaperBack	An invaluable resource written by an expert in this field, this encyclopedia gives an in-depth study of the recording, maintenance and preparation of financial statements for various types of businesses. All subjects are dealt elaborately in these volumes.11 VOLUME SETVolume 1: Principles Of Double Entry  A Macro ApproachVolume 2: Practice Of Double EntryVolume 3: Organisational AccountsVolume 4: Operational AccountsVolume 5: Partnership AccountsVolume 6: Company Accounts  BasicVolume 7: Company Accounts  AdvancedVolume 8: Banking, Insurance And Public Utility AccountsVolume 9: Management AccountingVolume 10: Indian Accounting StandardsVolume 11: Accounting Dictionary 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	4872p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245270	Cost & Management Accounting for Managers	B.K. Chatterjee	PaperBack	The structure and contents of the thoroughly revised version of this book Cost & Management Accounting for Managers (CMAM) have been developed through intensive researches, including detailed interactions with teachers and other experts in the subject. It caters to the need of diverse groups of potential users, taking into consideration the curricula in this subject of most of the leading institutions offering academic and professional courses. Of course the authors own experience spanning over around four decades as a teacher and practitioner both as corporate executive and as consultant  have been brought to bear upon this work.Key features: Includes a wide range of topicsstarting from the ABC of Costing and ending with some of the latest tenets of Management Accounting  A large number of practical illustrations, all developed from the current and emerging industrial scenario  Covers elements of course curricula (BBA, MBA) for undergraduate/postgraduate coursesThis book will be useful to students as well as managers pursuing professional courses in Accounting and allied disciplines (like ICAI, ICWAI, ICS, etc.) 	1989	Jaico Publishing House	490p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245262	Finance For Non-Finance Managers	B.K. Chatterjee	PaperBack	Finance for Non-Finance Managers provides information to understand the tools, techniques and nuances of financial management. This abridged version has been prepared on the basis of a careful selection of only such topics as are of immediate relevance to the non-finance personnel. The book contains chapters on basic finance concepts, financial accounting process, credit management etc. with relevant practice exercises and case studies. 	1988	Jaico Publishing House	446p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923673	New Finance Library	8 Volumes	HardBound	8 Volumes CEOs, CFOs, fund managers and entrepreneurs need to know the latest trends in portfolio management, risk management, hedge fund operations, marketing of financial products/services and investor relations to compete in todays cut-throat financial world. This encyclopedia equips leaders with cutting-edge financial knowledge they need to stay ahead of their competitors.Vol. 1: Managing To Have ProfitsVol. 2: Hedge Funds: An Investors GuideVol. 3: Risk: The New Management Imperative in FinanceVol. 4: Analyzing and Managing Banking Risk: A Framework for Assessing Corporate Governance and Financial RiskVol. 5: Selling Financial Products and ServicesVol. 6: Corporate Governance: Putting Investors FirstVol. 7: The New Investor RelationsVol. 8: Portfolio Management 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	8 Vol.	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928288	101 Investment Lessons from the Wizards of Wall Street	Michael Sincere	PaperBack	The Inside Secrets Of The Most Trusted And Successful Investors On Wall StreetEverywhere you look someone is telling you how to invest your money. How to ride the bull market... or anticipate the next correction. Everyone claims to have the answer. What should you believe?101 Investment Lessons from the Wizards of Wall Street. This is not a book for the investor who claims to know all there is to know. Its for the rest of us who need some basic dos and donts, such as: Invest in businesses you understand Assess your risk tolerance Dont try to time the market Always know how much money you can afford to lose Set a price goal for buying and selling Buy high. Sell higher Beware of stocks that get too much publicity 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929360	Venture Capital	:e: Dilek etindamar	PaperBack	The venture capital (VC) industry plays an important role in nurturing entrepreneurship and innovation, and its role varies from country to country. This book attempts to compare the VCIs of different countries through the full range of pertinent variables, from business angels at one extereme to investee firms at the other. A wide and realistic picture of the industrys functions is presented. The analysis is based on the four main determinants of the VC industry: sources of financing, institutional infrastructure, exit mechanisms, and entrepreneurship and innovation generators. In addition, the special role of VC financing in the biomaterials industry is explained.Understanding the factors that contribute to the emergence of a successful venture capital industry is important for academics, VC associations, policy-making institutions, government agencies, and investors themselves. How can a countrys venture capital infrastructure give it a competitive edge in the global economy? What is the role of VC in the new economy? How have VC industries developed differently in different countries? Are there any lessons for successful VC industry development that can be applied across nations and cultures? How do you measure the maturity of a countrys VC industry? The editor and her contributors attempt to answer all these questions, among others. She concludes by offering policy suggestions for countries aiming to establish thriving VC industries of their own.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	352p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929391	Managing Banking Risk	Hennie Van Greuning & Sonja Brajovic Bratanovic	PaperBack	Managing Banking Risk provides a comprehensive overview of topics focusing on the assessment, analysis, and management of financial risk in banking. The publication emphasizes risk-management principles and stresses that key players in the corporate governance process are accountable for managing the different dimensions of financial risk.This second edition includes chapters on the management of the treasury function. Advances made by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision are reflected in the chapters on capital adequacy, transparency, and banking supervision.This publication should be of interest to a wide body of users of bank financial data. The target audience includes persons responsible for the analysis of banks and for the senior management or organizations directing their efforts. Since the publication provides an overview of the spectrum of corporate governance and risk management, it is not aimed at technical specialist of any particular risk management area.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	384p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929407	Hedge Funds: An Investors Guide	Joseph G. Nicholas, J.D.	PaperBack	Hedge Funds have rightly gained the attention of private and institutional investors in recent years, proving themselves as useful portfolio diversifiers and preservers of wealth while greatly dispelling their reputation as an unsafe investment. Yet investors attempting to navigate in the field of hedge funds face significant challenges: the large number of funds, the diversity of strategies used, the range of financial instruments traded, and the various formats for investing.Pooling multiple hedge funds together into one vehicle, the fund of funds provides a ready solution, combining professional management expertise with asset allocation. In this book  the first of its kind  industry expert Joseph Nicholas shows investors how these funds operate, the benefits and risks, and the criteria and due diligence to utilize when selecting funds. Nicholas provides an in-depth analysis of historical fund performance and offers unique insight into the industry and trends that may affect its evolution.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	280p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929902	Wealth Management	S.K. Bagchi	PaperBack	Wealth management, also known as private banking, has appeared at the centre-stage in finance management especially of high networth individuals (HNIs), superannuated persons with a corpus of retrial funds, non-resident individuals etc. Also persons of moderate resources looking for safe and appropriate return on their investments often need counseling in wealth management issues.Management institutes in India and overseas generally incorporate a Module on Wealth Management/Private Banking in their courses.Key Features Anatomy of wealth management extensively covered Deposit and investment related services Special credit card facilities and electronic banking service Safe deposit vault and safe custody services of commercial banks Taxation services Estate planning services	2009	Jaico Publishing House	108p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950113	Financial Management	William W. Sihler, Richard D. Crawford & Henry A. Davis	PaperBack	Financial Management is designed to help the chief executive ensure that the companys financial management is in harmony with the companys strategy. The book will also help in ensuring the reverse, that the companys strategy is feasible, given the companys financial environment and situation. The authors bring together the essentials of financial management and the basics of the legal framework within which the companys finances are to be arranged.Key Features Provides a framework for thinking about a companys financial condition and policy. Provides a similar framework for considering companys legal structure. Separate chapters on ratio analysis, forecasting and cash management, conceptual approach to the debt-equity decision have been included. Summarizes the principles presented throughout the book.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950168	Mergers & Acquisitions From A to Z	Andrew J. Sherman & Milledge A. Hart	PaperBack	Mergers and acquisitions are among the most powerful and versatile growth tools employed by companies of all sizes and in all industries. A well-timed purchase or a well-planned merger can boost both the immediate financial position and the long-term outlook for your organization.Conversely, these transactions can quickly spell your companys doom if they are not conceived and executed carefully, legally, and sensibly. Whether youre an M&A veteran or find yourself at the table for the first time, its crucial to have an authoritative, soup-to-nuts reference to guide you through the many complex steps involved in these major business strategies. Mergers & Acquisitions from A to Z gives you just that, including:  Preparing for a Merger or Acquisition and Initiating the Deal  Preliminary Considerations and Documentation  Due Diligence  Regulatory Considerations  Structuring the Deal  Valuation and Pricing  Financing 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	304p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950236	Essentials Of Investing	Mark Skousen	PaperBack	If you could identify one lesson of investing, what would it be?This question, repeatedly asked of Mark Skousen by everyday investors, intrigued the stock market expert. Could he sum up his decades-long experience as an investment advisor, professor, and writer in a single lesson? Was it possible both to explain the cryptic workings of the stock market and also relate a comprehensive investing strategy in just one book?This book represents the definitive answer to that question. Mixing sober investment guidance with compelling stories from Dr. Skousens years of exploration in the stock market jungle, Essentials Of Investing is an engaging, indispensable guide for surviving and thriving in the world of investment.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	188p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248547	Options & Futures: An Indian Perspective	D.C. Patwari & Anshul Bhargava	PaperBack	Derivatives are instruments that allow traders to maximise returns and simultaneously enable them to limit losses. Readers will learn about a variety of trading strategies that will allow them to hedge their existing positions, make speculative profits and lock-in fixed arbitrage gains.A distinct feature of this book is that it is written from an Indian perspective, and thus covers many issues regarding futures and options that are specific to the Indian market. An in-depth look at futures & options strategies and information related to accounting and taxation of derivatives is given. Readers are exposed to derivative instruments in the capital market and also interest rate, foreign exchange futures and other derivatives including swaps and FRAs. 	2000	Jaico Publishing House	424p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924432	Optimal Investing	Scott P. Frush, CFA, CFP	HardBound	Optimal Investing will show you in a step-by-step process how to design, construct, monitor and rebalance your optimal portfolio. After you have learned the theory you will be able to apply it to your unique situation and under all market conditions. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	254p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248784	Portfolio Management Handbook	Robert A. Strong	PaperBack	This book will accomplish the objectives of a traditional investment course and portfolio theory course. It provides basic primers on futures and options stressing that investment products are neutral and that derivative assets are tools not strategies. The investment instructor who chooses to emphasize portfolio management will find this book especially appealing. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	584p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927755	Bank Finance for Small & Medium Enterprises	S.K. Bagchi	PaperBack	The world over there has been a significant thirst for growth of small and medium enterprises (SMEs) mainly in view of this sectors ability to deliver quality products/services at cheaper cost and to provide large scale employment. The Government of India has implemented with effect from 2nd October, 2006 a comprehensive legislation known as Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act with a view to mitigate the problems of this sector, especially paucity of finance. In light of the above, the book has exhaustively dealt with various aspects of funding the SME sector. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	116p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929056	Operational Risk Management	S.K. Bagchi	PaperBack	Operational Risk is one of the important arms of the risk management triangle, the other two being Credit Risk and Market (Treasury) Risk. Any organisation, particularly in the banking sector, is squarely exposed to operational risks emanating within or outside the organisation.There was no precise definition of operational risk until Basel Accord II came into being in June 2004. For the first time in the history of global banking, operational risk capital charge has been made a mandatory requirement in banking. This certainly puts in a lot of stress and strain on a banks management.The entire gamut of operational risk has been visited and covered in the appropriate chapters of this book. A glossary of terms related to operational risks has been incorporated as a facilitator.Banks, business organisations, practitioners of operational risk discipline and students pursuing courses on Risk Management and Finance Management will find this book useful. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	132p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924114	Treasury Risk Management	S.K. Bagchi	PaperBack	Treasury risk management is very crucial in modern banking/financial institution functions the world over, especially as forces of deregulation and globalization gather momentum. Skillful risk management ensures profitability out of market-driven opportunities and this needs articulation. The Basel-II Accord seeks to place significant emphasis on this subject through its Three Pillars. All the essential aspects of treasury risk management and ALM (Asset Liability Management) functions have been covered in the book.This book gives thorough and crisp analysis of market risk segments effecting the financial system. RBI guidelines on market risk management are explained. Risk in mutual fund investment are carefully dealt with. Focal points of existing Basel Accord-I and Basel Accord-II presented in a tabular form. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	204p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241011	How To Read Annual Reports & Balance Sheets	Raghu Palat	PaperBack	This book introduces the reader to the Annual Report and discusses its various components namely, the directors report, the audit report and the financial statements. It helps the reader to unravel the mysteries of the financial statements and comprehend the innovativeness of creative accounting. 	1991	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240678	Techniques of Financial Analysis	Erich A. Helfert	PaperBack	Financial analysis is an essential skill in todays highly competitive business world, where success is ultimately measured in cash flow terms. Even though computer spreadsheets have reduced the drudgery of financial calculations, it is critical that you understand and be comfortable with the meaning, context, and limitations of the key financial techniques and measures you apply to solving business problems of any kind.Techniques of Financial Analysis continues to serve as the clearest, most concise, and most practical guide to the key concepts, measures, and issues of applied managerial finance. Emphasizing the linkage of managements investment, operating, and financing decisions to business results, Helfert gives you the tools for understanding the nature of funds flows, analyzing financial reports, developing financial projections, evaluating capital investment decisions, assessing financing choices, and deriving the value of the business or a security. 	1992	Jaico Publishing House	528p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245211	Understanding Financial Ratios In Business	Raghu Palat 	PaperBack	Financial statements cannot be intelligently analyzed without ratio analysis. They:  Assist in analyzing the performance of the company and comparing the performance with that of other similar companies; Highlight the relative strengths and weaknesses of a company - whether it is profitable, financially sound or in a state of decline; Help in determining whether the company has earned sufficiently on the funds invested and its debt servicing ability; Enable the forecasting of future performance.This book written for businessmen, financial managers, investors and students has been published in England and in India. In this completely revised reprint, Raghu Palat explains the magic of ratio analysis clearly and lucidly in non technical language with several examples.This book is recommended reading in several universities in the United States and in India and has been hailed as a must read and a boon for financial analysis by the Financial Press.	1996	Jaico Publishing House	120p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927137	Finance For HR Managers	David Davies	PaperBack	This newly revised text is designed to cover the financial element of the new CIPD Managing Information for Competitive Advantage module as part of the new Leadership and Management standards. The text is also suitable for any student taking a finance-for-non-specialists module on an HR degree programme. It offers clear, accessible coverage of all issues relating to the management of financial information, from the very basics, to ensure an understanding of all key elements of financial management. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928745	Indian Insurance: A Profile	H. Narayanan	PaperBack	Enthused and encouraged by the exemplary success of Life Insurance Corporation of India the Government of India in the early 1970s decided to bring in the general insurance industry also into the vortex of a nationalised setup to provide comprehensive insurance security to the people of India.How effectively and substantially Life Insurance Corporation of India and the four nationalised general insurance companies, the holding companies of General Insurance Corporation of India, contributed to redesigning the socio-economic fabric of modern India is a part of the post independent economic history of India.Though these two organisations have interlaced and intertwined their destiny with that of India, the preference shift in the Indian markets, new realities of the global economic order, and demands arising out of multilateral trade agreements have all left India with no option other than throwing open its economic and commercial policies to global competition and challenges.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	560p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923487	A Complete Guide For The NRI (Revised & Updated)	Raghu Palat	PaperBack	Incorporates The Latest Amendments In The Finance Bill 2007A Complete Guide For The NRI covers in detail all the rules and regulations applicable to Non-resident Indians. It bridges the gap that exists  a gap between an inadequate understanding of the laws as they relate to NRIs and the NRI himself. This book is a must for every NRI, persons intending to become NRIs, financial consultants, bankers and students. In this book, Mr. Raghu Palat a highly-regarded banker, investment adviser and tax consultant, Raghu Palat, opens up the world of the Non-Resident Indian. In clear and lucid terms, he explains all that an NRI needs to know in order to manage his affairs well. Who is an NRI What must he be aware of with regard to taxes Where and how should he invest in India Whether he can avail of loans Against his NRI account and from others What can he bring into the country with concessions or dutyfree	2006	Jaico Publishing House	276p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928714	I Love Money	Suresh Padmanabhan	PaperBack	The biggest lie you ever heard about Money is, Money is not important in life. Money is as vital as mothers milk to a new born baby or blood flowing in our body. Whether you love it or hate it, you simply cannot live without it.Every product you buy has an instructions manual that helps in troubleshooting and also ensures the perfect handling of the product. Shouldnt Money also have an instructions manual? Do you have the original instructions manual of Money?This book is all about Money  the most neglected and rarely spoken about. Discover the original instructions manual of Money and you will stumble upon the Ultimate Secrets of Money. When you pay attention to money it starts growing.You are not holding this book by mistake or by chance. Something within you has made you pick this book, call it fate or destiny. Carry this home and make I Love Money a life long companion. You are holding a very powerful future in your hands.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	236p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950946	I Love Money (Gujarati)	Suresh Padmanabhan	PaperBack	Now In GujaratiThe biggest lie you ever heard about Money is, Money is not important in life. Money is as vital as mothers milk to a new born baby or blood flowing in our body. Whether you love it or hate it, you simply cannot live without it.Every product you buy has an instructions manual that helps in troubleshooting and also ensures the perfect handling of the product. Shouldnt Money also have an instructions manual? Do you have the original instructions manual of Money?This book is all about Money  the most neglected and rarely spoken about. Discover the original instructions manual of Money and you will stumble upon the Ultimate Secrets of Money. When you pay attention to money it starts growing.You are not holding this book by mistake or by chance. Something within you has made you pick this book, call it fate or destiny. Carry this home and make I Love Money a life long companion. You are holding a very powerful future in your hands.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	248p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922162	Risk: The New Management Imperative In Finance	James T. Gleason	PaperBack	Advances in technology and risk modeling have boosted derivative markets. The resulting increase in arbitrage activities has narrowed profit margins in all financial markets. Consistent risk methodology is now an essential tool for overcoming competitive pricing and for anticipating the consequences of market turbulence.It is now possible to calculate the potential impact of every major deal on the overall risk profit of the firm. Market risk and credit risk can be quantified and considered against the expected contribution to share-holder value or return on capital. These measurements create a theoretical framework for harmonizing activity at financial firms.In practice, todays markets and technologies evolve so rapidly that the requirements and the capabilities shift before any reengineering cycle can be completed. A quagmire of data seriously confounds the task of extracting reliable information for risk management. The data problem becomes acute when you move to global risk management, because a flaw anywhere affects the whole process and is much harder to trace. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	296p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929278	Corporate Financial Risk Management	Roy L. Nersesian	PaperBack	What if you could understand financial risk management without immersing yourself in high-level mathematics? In this straightforward, readable guide  which requires only a working familiarity with financial spreadsheets  Nersesian explains what financial risk management is, describes its various forms, and shows how to anticipate and cope with it. Nersesians approach is truly new. He combines cost/benefit analysis with probability distributions, so you can easily grasp the concepts and mechanics of financial risk reduction, and his examples are expressed in familiar business terminology.His illustrations, built on the widespread and popular Excel spreadsheet, are equally familiar or easily grasped by computer-friendly novices. As a result, Nersesian shows that risk management can be appreciated and dealt with by people with no access to risk management specialists, or specialists whose jargon and analytic methods are seldom understood by anyone but themselves.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	248p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920542	World Class Selling	Roy Chitwood	PaperBack	World Class Selling is a scientific process that enables you to sell any product, service, or idea. Behind its procedures lies an ethical philosophy that you can rely ona win-win philosophy of serving the customer. You never need to con or pressure a prospect, or do anything against your standards or contrary to your personality.You will learn about the buyers hidden agenda: the Five Buying Decisions that every prospect must make before buying. If you dont know what these decisions are, or the precise order in which they are made, you cant reach your potential in sales. In World Class Selling, you will learn the Seven Steps of the Track Selling System that carry you smoothly through each of the prospects buying decisions in the correct order.The skills, techniques and philosophy of World Class Selling will give you a sustainable advantage over your competition. World Class Selling will show you how to sell more, earn more, and have more fun in the process. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	424p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929698	Sales Force Management: A Contemporary Approach	Tony Carter	PaperBack	By analyzing and monitoring current trends in the marketplace, Sales Force Management: A Contemporary Approach helps sales managers align resources and strategic efforts to gain an edge over competitors. You will develop an understanding of where current and prospective sales opportunities exist in order to fully utilize automation, how to update crisis management policies to reflect changing industry dynamics, and how to raise your level of sales efficiency through the use of customer advisory groups and sales technological tools. Through the books important discussions on lowering mutual costs, building long-term customer relationships, improving sales skills, and developing core process skills, you will also learn to think and act with a strategic perspective that successfully steers the sales process.Grounded in practical applications, Sales Force Management is the book managers, entrepreneurs, business people, and faculty and students of executive business education programs have long awaited. Its sample sales plan, specific strategies, and hands-on advice will prove indispensable as you maneuver away from the coattails of your competitors into a leading position in the marketplace. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179926871	The Greatest Salesman In The World	Og Mandino	PaperBack	Each generation produces its literature of power. This type of writing literally has the power to change the readers life. In this tradition. In The Greatest Salesman In The World is destined to influence countless lives.Here is the legend of Hafid, a camel boy of two thousand years ago, and his burning desire to improve his lowly position in life. To prove his potential ability, he is dispatched from Bethlehem by his master, the great caravan merchant, Pathros, to sell only one robe. He fails and instead, in a moment of pity, gives the robe to warm a newborn baby in a cave near the inn.Hafid returns to the caravan in shame but is accompanied by a bright star shining above his head. This phenomenon is interpreted by Pathros to be a sign from the gods, and he gives Hafid ten ancient scrolls, which contain the wisdom necessary for the boy to achieve all his ambitions. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	112p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928356	The Greatest Salesman In The World (With CD)	Og Mandino	PaperBack	Collectors Edition with AudiobookEach generation produces its literature of power. This type of writing literally has the power to change the readers life. In this tradition. In The Greatest Salesman In The World is destined to influence countless lives.Here is the legend of Hafid, a camel boy of two thousand years ago, and his burning desire to improve his lowly position in life. To prove his potential ability, he is dispatched from Bethlehem by his master, the great caravan merchant, Pathros, to sell only one robe. He fails and instead, in a moment of pity, gives the robe to warm a newborn baby in a cave near the inn.Hafid returns to the caravan in shame but is accompanied by a bright star shining above his head. This phenomenon is interpreted by Pathros to be a sign from the gods, and he gives Hafid ten ancient scrolls, which contain the wisdom necessary for the boy to achieve all his ambitions. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	112p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923061	The Secrets Of Successful Selling	Tony Adams	PaperBack	The Secrets of Successful Selling is a lively, practical book that gives straightforward and down-to-earth advice on the basic and not-so-basic principles of salesmanship. Not only original and fun, this autobiography of a successful salesman has page after page of tried and tested techniques. Packed with entertaining anecdotes, the book shows how to succeed in each essential stage of the selling process. Written to encourage salespeople at the sharp end, and for sales managers too, there are countless tips, stories and asides to stimulate the readers interest. The Secrets of Successful Selling is for everyone with an interest in or involved in selling  whether an eager beginner or a case-hardened sales manager. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249659	Be a Great Salesperson	Hession	PaperBack	Great salespeople are always in demand. To join the ranks of these respected high earners. You've chosen a great place to start. This essential book reveals the proven techniques which take you from being a good salesperson to a great one. It shows you how to perfect your sales approach, keep the initiative and learn the art of negotiating. Deliver outstanding customer service and out-do your competitors. Learn Professional techniquesSystematise your approachbe a top SalesPerson 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	188p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925544	How To Sell Your Higher Price	John Fenton	PaperBack	How to Sell Your Higher Price is a guide to the most critical of sales objectives  persuading the customer to buy your product and not the cheaper one down the road. The book is packed with examples and tips which will benefit both the novice and the experienced hand. Written in the authors usual down-to-earth, how to style, this book is full of practical ideas which you can put to use immediately. Areas covered include: How to sell quality  How to demonstrate your superiority  How to present your higher priced proposals  How to assess and exceed your customers expectations  How to deal with closed tenders  How to deal with the internal politics 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925870	Ziglar On Selling	Zig Ziglar	PaperBack	Drawing on his more than forty years of sales experience, Zig Ziglar provides a wealth of inspirational and practical information for making it in todays fast-paced selling world. This book will help sales professionals persuade their customers more effectively, more ethically, and more often!Ziglar On Selling is brimming with selling fundamentalstaking timeless truths and making them relevant for the new millennium. The techniques and procedures Ziglar presents will not only keep your clients happy and add to your income, but will also add to your intangible incomeyour quality of life. Zig Ziglar shows you how. Sharing information, direction, inspiration, laughter, and tears from his selling experiences, Ziglar will help you make the necessary choices for a balanced lifepersonal and professional.Selling is a magnificently rewarding and excit-ing profession. It is, however, more than a career. It is a way of lifeconstantly changing and always demanding your best. In Ziglar on Selling, youll discover the kind of person you are is the most essential facet in building a successful professional sales career. Youve got to be before you can do. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	368p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925978	Selling The Most Important Job In The World	John Fenton	HardBound	An invaluable resource written by experts, this encyclopedia gives an in-depth look at the benefits and challenges of retail businesses. It is packed with examples and case studies which help every retailer to plan and develop a successful retail business. Volume 1: Retail Management Peter FlemingVolume 2: Retail Buying Techniques Fiona Elliott & Janet RiderVolume 3: Retail Selling Peter FlemingVolume 4: Franchising Iain MaitlandVolume 5: Big Ideas for Small Retailers John CastellVolume 6: International Retailing Plans and Strategies in AsiaEditors - John Dawson & Jung-hee LeeVolume 7: The Retailer and The Community Peter Fleming with Karen McCollVolume 8: Law For Retailers Bill Thomas	2006	Jaico Publishing House	162p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928271	Superstar Sales Secrets	Barry Farber	PaperBack	Use Farbers Blueprint to Develop Super Sales AbilityThe world of sales has changed considerably over the last decade. Customers are more sophisticated  and demanding! They expect not only a quality product, but also beyond-the-call-of-duty customer service and the opportunity to build an ongoing relationship. Todays sales professional must demonstrate a high level of honesty and integrity with an ever-increasing ability to build rapport and deeply understand the customers wants and needs.Superstar Sales Secrets is a comprehensive guidebook for beginners, as well as a concise reference for the seasoned pro. It cuts away all the fluff and theory of selling and gets right down to the core skills that every salesperson needs to know. This new edition covers every aspect of the sales cycle  from staying motivated to taking advantage of todays technologies, from the formation of a powerful presentation to the follow-up after the sale, from prospecting for new business to building stronger relationships with established customers.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	158p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929513	The Greatest Sales Training in the World	Robert Nelson	PaperBack	The Greatest Sales Training in the World is based on the inspirational bestseller, The Greatest Salesman in the World by Og Mandino, and provides a powerful sales philosophy on which this comprehensive sales training program is based. The title explores how to increase profits or personal income by applying the time-tested principles contained in Mandinos Ten Ancient Scrolls for Success. Also featured are special contributions from several of the worlds greatest sales and training experts, such as Anthony Robbins. These contributions, combined with the inspirational wisdom of Og Mandinos powerful sales philosophy, make this book an absolute must-read for anyone interested in maximising time spent in earning. The title should appeal to the growing number of executives and sales people who see the link between positive thinking, inspirational motivation, personal principles and good business.THIS DYNAMIC EDITION OFFERS PRACTICAL TIPS ON HOW TO: Develop successful sales habits Penetrate the defense systems of clients Develop persistence Elevate your self-esteem	2009	Jaico Publishing House	208p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950083	Mind-Read Your Customers	David P. Snyder	PaperBack	Whats the most important factor in becoming a successful salesperson? Is it ambition and drive? Maybe its enthusiasm. Or, maybe, success in sales just boils down to good old-fashioned hard work. While all of these things no doubt contribute to sales success, the real key, according to David Snyder, is understanding and knowing how to read different personality types  including ones own. Mind-Read Your Customers shows readers how to use the principles of behavioral psychology (made easy and accessible) to master the art and science of salesmanship. Using the books wealth of useful ideas and tools, readers will: Gain insight into their own personalities; Identify their strengths and weaknesses; Improve relationships with customers; Enhance teamwork; Increase sales! Innovative and empowering, yet down-to-earth and humorous, this book is an invaluable resource for anyone in sales, marketing, or customer service on how to take selling skills to the next level. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950359	How To Sell Yourself	Arch Lustberg	PaperBack	How to Sell Yourself explains in clear, simple, easy-to-understand terms the skills you need to get your message across in any speaking situation. The secret of winning communication is likability. Some people call it warmth. Some call it charm. Some call it charisma. But whatever name you give it, it can be learned. This book is about how to use your mind, your face, your body, and your voice to win, because, in the end, likability wins.Arch Lustberg, acclaimed public speaker, teacher, and coach, has filled this book with practical skills. He demonstrates how you can sell yourself, your ideas, and your organization. The elected officials he coaches learn that you cant sell your issues unless the voters like you. The Merrill Lynch financial consultants he trains learn that no one buys your product unless they like you. How to Sell Yourself is the last how-to youll need to win over a boss, jury, voter, legislator, friend, colleague, family member, or any group to which youre talking.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926532	How To Win New Customers	John Fenton	PaperBack	How to Win New Customers covers the process of expanding the customer base. In some instances this may involve creating new awareness of the product you are selling  in many instances it will mean going out and capturing your competitors customers for your own... This book shows sales managers and their reps how to  find new customers before your competitors find them  make cold canvassing productive  stop competitors stealing your customers  win business from your competitors  win in the exhibition arena  win in retailing 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	148p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923916	Encyclopedia of Strategic Marketing Management	(10 Volumes)	HardBound	Encyclopedia of Strategic Marketing Management10 Volumes 1- Management Skills in Marketing2- Business Marketing Research3- Marketing Planning in a Total Quality Environment4- New Product Development5- The Psychology of Relationship Selling6- Strategic Competitive Intelligence in the Digital Age7- Competitive Strategies for Service Businesses8- Strategic Personal Branding9- Customer Advisory Board: A Strategic Tool10- Handbook of Cross Cultural Marketing	2006	Jaico Publishing House		English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927601	Market Opportunity Analysis	Robert E. Stevens, Philip K. Sherwood, J. Paul Dunn & David L. Loudon	PaperBack	The key to success in business is planning. And the key to successful planning is using a proven format to analyze a products marketability. Market Opportunity Analysis: Text and Cases guides you step-by-step through the complicated process of determining the feasibility of marketing a new product or service. Using ten real-life case studies with sample reports of actual analyses, the book examines the factors that influence feasibility analyses, including external considerations (market size, competition, technology, inflation and the economy, government regulations, political conditions, social change), internal factors (purpose, corporate objectives, resources), and financial considerations (revenue estimates, cost estimates, return on investment). The authors of this unique book combine decades of practical experience in market research, strategic management, consumer behavior, and new venture creation to help you develop the analytical skills you need to focus on what needs to be doneand how to do it.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	276p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248164	Global Marketing Strategies	Jean Pierre Jeannet & Hubert D. Hennessey	PaperBack	Global Marketing is the most important category in the field of international marketing. Designing a global strategy requires a sound understanding of the cultural, economic and political environment of many countries. This book deals with global marketing environment, looks after marketing effort programs and global marketing strategies.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	918p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926435	Handbook of Market Segmentation	Art Weinstein, Ph.D.	PaperBack	The Handbook of Market Segmentation: Strategic Target Marketing for Business and Technology Firms, is a practical, how-to guide to what marketers need to know about defining, segmenting, and targeting business markets: assessing customer needs; gauging th	2006	Jaico Publishing House	260p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246544	Marketing Management: A Finance Emphasis	B.K. Chatterjee	PaperBack	Marketing Management fulfills the need for an inter-disciplinary approach to the study of present day marketing management. It throws light on financial aspects of marketing and covers all the important and modern concepts in marketing management and also the principles, tenets, tools and techniques in financial management and management accounting. 	1989	Jaico Publishing House	554p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926206	Industrial Marketing	C.S.G. Krishnamacharyulu & Lalitha R.	PaperBack	The field of industrial or business to business marketing is gaining importance and continues to be challenging for several reasons. The factors that have contributed to the growth in this field include: Intensifying competition and expanding markets with ongoing globalization  Fast growing e-commerce applications and opportunities Evolving customer-centric and ethical marketing philosophies Increasing emphasis on knowledge and innovation based strategies Rising importance of high-tech businessesA growing number of business schools offer a course in industrial marketing. Several scholars and marketing executives are contributing to the advancement of theory and practice. This textbook is designed with several features and seeks to serve both practitioners as well as management students.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	744p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926257	Handbook of Niche Marketing	:e: Tevfik Dalgic	PaperBack	Ever-changing customer needs and intense competition make it crucial for companies to find new, creative ways to attract and retain customers. The Handbook of Niche Marketing: Principles and Practice fills the information gap long seen in niche marketing research by presenting the essential and influential articles from recent years in one book. This unique educational resource reveals the theories, the strategies, and real-life case studies of niche marketing success and why it is on its way to becoming the next global marketing wave.The Handbook of Niche Marketing features respected authorities insightful research and valuable discussions on a variety of marketing issues, such as niche marketing theory, niche vs. mass marketing, choosing niche strategy, brand loyalty, overlap, and product line cannibalizationwith practical guidelines for using niche marketing strategy in various markets. This well-referenced guide includes extensive tables, graphs, illustrations, and real-life case studies to clearly illustrate ideas and concepts. The Handbook of Niche Marketing is a comprehensive text invaluable for marketing students, instructors, and anyone wanting to maximize their marketing abilities in niche markets. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	280p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249918	Marketing Research	Bruce Wrenn, Robert Stevens & David Loudon	PaperBack	This step-by-step textbook explains how to design, conduct, and interpret market research. Marketing Research: Text and Cases covers the full range of this topic from the difference between strategic and tactical decisions to Choosing the proper medium for the research and on to advice on successfully presenting research results. Marketing Research provides clear explannations of complex issues, including the interpretation of statistics. It includes charts, graphs figures, sample questionnaires, and case studies that make important points easier to grasp. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	396p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244916	Research Methods for Management	Dr. S. Shajahan	PaperBack	In line with the general trends of the world, as the economy develops, generally the per capita income increases and there is greater specialization which tends to push up the share of research and development. This book substantially contributes to the main stream of knowledge in the field of research and business communication and attends all the vital facets of the emerging concepts with clarity.	2000	Jaico Publishing House	464p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926478	Business Research Methods	:e: Teresa Brannick & William K. Roche	PaperBack	Designed for students undertaking project and thesis work at diploma, masters and doctorate levels, this book is an ideal source to guide students faced with projects and dissertations through the pitfalls of research methods. Unique among books of this k	2006	Jaico Publishing House	316p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922804	Client Relationship Management 	David A. Po-chedley 	PaperBack	Every project and business initiative has two critical dimensions: technical performance (i.e., delivering rsults) and interaction management (i.e., managing relationships). Every interaction counts, and every interaction is remembered. Just as you respond to good and bad service as a consumer, so does each of your clients. This book contains the tools and techniques to turn client relationships into a competitive advantage for you and your organization.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	198p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922707	Keeping Clients for Life	James Alexander	PaperBack	A practical guide to client care for professional advisers of all descriptions from lawyers and accountants to website designers and business consultants. The author explains the basic principles of client care and shows how to set up a programme to ensure a contented and loyal client base so essential to the growth and survival of any professional firm in todays increasingly fickle markets. The overall theme is creating and keeping clients for life. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	166p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923355	50 Powerful Ideas to keep your customers	Paul R. Timm, Ph.D	PaperBack	This book is designed to get all managers and employees thinking about the little things that can make all the difference. Its a quick read  you can finish it in less time than it takes to deal with one customer complaint. And if you put the information within this book into action, you will be able to decrease customer complaints considerably. Its packed with practical, applicable suggestions that can be put to work immediately, such as how to: turn angry customers into lifelong clients. use a simple gesture to immediately put customers at ease. listen with more than your ears. easily give customers more than your ears. use negative feedback for positive action.Managers and staff members alike can use this little manual to avoid the devastating ripple effects that turned-off customers can produce. It will easily show how everyone in a business, large or small, can creatively apply a constant flow of small, customer-centered innovations to create a consistent and persistent strengthening of your customer base. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249667	Delivering Customer Service	Sheila Payne	PaperBack	Here is a practical, no-nonsense guide for everyone who has to deal with customers person-to-person. It explains how to maintain reliable customer service, howt odevelop positive working relationships, how to solve problems and initiate and evaluate changes on customers' behalf. Examples and case studies are used throughout. The book also covers the criteria fo NVQ Levels 2 and 3 in Customer Service, ofering guidance on NVQ requirements and ways to collect and record evidence. It is based on Sheila Payne's long experience of working with customers a well as ten years' teaching, assessing and counselling young people in administration and retail. Over the past three years she has assisted many candidates to achieve the NVQ Level 3 Award in Customer Service. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	114p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922146	How To Turn Customer Service into Customer Sales	Bernard Katz	PaperBack	How To Turn Customer Service into Customer Sales is a complete, practical handbook for achieving excellence in customer service. It provides easy-o-follow, step-by-step procedures for all the necessities of a successful customer relations program: research, hiring, training, executing, and follow-up. Entire chapters are devoted to the special skills of listening, telemarketing, face-to-face selling, and handling objections. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929223	Marketing Services	:c: Venkata Ramana Vedulla	PaperBack	Marketing services has now become an integral part of the global economy. The changes initiated in the economic policies especially in India has resulted in a boom in the services and thus the contribution from the service sector to the overall economy has gone up progressively. There are major issues pertinent to the Indian context which need to be understood and presented to the academia and corporates. This book is an attempt to link the theoretical and practical aspects of services marketing. The book has been organized into six sectionstelecom services, banking services, financial & insurance services, information technology enabled services, healthcare & education and other select services. Each section deals with the emerging trends in the respective sector while attempting to provide information on current developments and practical insights.Marketing Services aims to provide a comprehensive collection of articles on the important aspects of services marketing and caters to the academic needs of postgraduate students of M.B.A., M.Com. and other diploma programmes in management. It also serves as a reference manual for faculty, researchers as well as practicing managers. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921964	New Product Development	Michael Z. BrookeWilliam Ronald Mills	PaperBack	New Product Development will help you and your company overcome an expensive and common weakness: the lack of adequate new product development. Packed with practical information that can immediately be put into effect. New Product Development can help you keep your company on the leading edge, no matter what type of industry youre in!This uniquely insightful volume will help you become a successful innovator by showing you how to plan and execute strategies for developing a continuous flow of new products and services to help you stay ahead of the competition.Beginning with an executive summary that will guide you quickly to the chapters most relevant to your business, this well-organized book should be on the shelf of every company officer who wants to see his firm prosper, innovate, and create new products that sellnow and for years to come! 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	244p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920852	New Perspectives in Rural & Agricultural Marketing	Dr. RamKishen Y.	PaperBack	This book explains the theory and practice of rural marketing. The theory deals with profiles of rural consumers, techniques of rural marketing research, product pricing and distribution in rural areas, sales force management and promotion. It also deals with the economics of agriculture, especially agricultural finance. Carefully selected case studies illustrate how this theory works in practice. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	288p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927465	Environmental Marketing: Strategies, Practice, Theory & Research	:e: Michael Jay Polonsky & Alma T. Mintu-Wimsatt	PaperBack	The preservation, conservation, and protection of our physical or green environment (i.e., environmentalism) pose a crucial challenge to business. Many executives believe that environmentalism will become one of the critical issues organizations will need to integrate into their activities for successful operations in the twenty-first century. Hence, concern over the environment has emerged as an important topic in the practice of marketing.The articles included in this book are both conceptual and empirical in nature, and represent the broad spectrum of work being undertaken in this topical area. The main objective of this book is to introduce readers to a number of green marketing issues. The materials included are presented to assist both practitioners and academics to better understand the implications of green marketing. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	438p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921514	Retail Management (3rd Edition) New Edition 2008	Gibson G. Vedamani 	PaperBack	This book skillfully blends the overviews of the global and Indian retailing scene, in addition to the trends and growth prospects of the industry in India. Organized retailing in India, though once new, has taken such rapid strides that it has become a subject of study as a successful marketing tool that brings a product closer to the consumer. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	328p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926265	International Retail Management	8 Volume Set	HardBound	An invaluable resource written by experts, this encyclopedia gives an in-depth look at the benefits and challenges of retail businesses. It is packed with examples and case studies which help every retailer to plan and develop a successful retail business. Volume 1: Retail Management Peter FlemingVolume 2: Retail Buying Techniques Fiona Elliott & Janet RiderVolume 3: Retail Selling Peter FlemingVolume 4: Franchising Iain MaitlandVolume 5: Big Ideas for Small Retailers John CastellVolume 6: International Retailing Plans and Strategies in AsiaEditors - John Dawson & Jung-hee LeeVolume 7: The Retailer and The Community Peter Fleming with Karen McCollVolume 8: Law For Retailers Bill Thomas	2006	Jaico Publishing House	8 Vol.	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927335	International Retailing: Plans and Strategies in Asia	:e: John Dawson & Jung-hee Lee	PaperBack	Learn the how, when, and why of entering Asian markets Retailers entering Asia are faced with not only a consumer and retail culture very different from their own, but with a variety of cultures that vary greatly among countries within the continent. International Retailing: Plans and Strategies in Asia examines the strategies of Western retailers entering into Asian markets and provides specific case examples showing why some companies have failed in Asia  as well as factors that helped others succeed. Important concepts for international retailers exploring Asian markets are clearly explained, and the material is particularly relevant to current WTO and UNCTAD debates about the globalization of retail markets. Helpful tables, charts, and illustrations make complex information easy to access and understand. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927359	Franchising	Iain Maitland	PaperBack	A comprehensive guide for franchisors, franchisees and their professional advisers. The book covers all aspects of the process, including raising finance, franchise law, the franchise agreement, keeping control of the franchise system and managing the franchise process. It includes examples of key documents, including start-up cost charts, cash flow forecasts and franchise agreements, together with an extensive glossary of terms.This comprehensive practical guide to franchising shows potential and current franchisors how to: assess their viability for franchising  organise and market a winning package  find and recruit suitable franchisees monitor and expand a pilot schemePacked with examples and case studies of successful and unsuccessful franchises, the book takes readers through every stage of the process from initial planning through to the technicalities of the franchise agreement. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	180p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927366	Retail Buying Techniques	Fiona Elliott & Janet Rider	PaperBack	For any retailer, the acquisition of the right stock at the right price at the right time is crucial to the economic well-being of the business. This completely revised and updated book covers every aspect of the all-important buying function. It is packed with case histories and performance tips and will be exceptionally valuable to everyone in the industry with some responsibility for buying.Subjects covered include: Planning the budget Planning the structure of the merchandise range Developing the product and brands Sourcing and buying the product Presenting and promoting products profitably Improving buying performance. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	228p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927373	A Guide To Retail Management	Peter Fleming	PaperBack	In Retail Management, author Peter Fleming provides an invaluable resource for all retail managers regardless of their age or experience. It is packed with case studies, self-assessment exercises and performance tips drawn from Peters experience as a retail Sales Manager and Buyer and from his role as Training Manager (Selfridges).Topics covered include: transition to the new management job  leading and managing teams setting objectives for high quality customer care and the best sales environment how to manage the budget, stock and sales coping with security, health and safety issues recruiting and developing retail staff managing effective communications.The book describes successful approaches Peter Fleming has used and witnessed from frontline experience and research with companies such as John Lewis, Flannels Group, Body Shop, Argos, Williams and Griffin, Beatties, Furnitureland, and Marks and Spencer. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	236p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923827	Retail Selling: How To Achieve Maximum Retail Sales	Peter Fleming	PaperBack	Retail Selling is a new, practical guide for all retail sales people. It shows you how to improve your sales and increase customer satisfaction. There are many books in print about aspects of selling technique - but not many of them have been specifically targeted towards retailers and their staff. So, why should you read this book?Sadly, many people learn their selling skills the hard way - by trial and error! The trouble with this is that it can be an expensive way to learn - lost sales, complaints, cancelled orders, even a polite suggestion from your manager that "perhaps you are not really suited to this job in selling" might result from this learning method!With more than 100 performance tips, 14 case histories, 16 mini-assignments and 11 self-test questionnaires, this book is really a complete training course in just 192 pages. Every retail salesperson should have a copy. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929254	Retail Strategies	Jim Pooler	PaperBack	Shopping is one of the most challenging and rewarding human activities. Pooler offers a captivating exploration of the emotional and psychological dimensions of shopping. For those in retailing and marketing, this guide to the fickle consumers mindset offers concrete and practical advice on modern shopping behavior, along with important insights into the shopping psyche. Comprehending why people shop as they do is a daunting challenge for todays retailer. For example, why do people shop for bargain groceries yet purchase the latest luxury-model SUV? Why do people feel justified in splurging for Christmas, birthdays, or anniversaries, but suffer guilt from over-spending at other times of the year? Is clothes-shopping all about price and practicality, or is it more about emotional reward and psychological needs? Is the excitement in the quest or the acquisition? Why is there such a thing as a morning-after urge to return among certain shoppers, while others refuse to return an item even if its flawed or doesnt fit? What drives shoppers in various situations? This book answers such questions, taking an incisive look at how shopping and shoppers have changed in recent years and provides valuable insights for retailers, advertisers, marketers, and consumers.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929803	International Retail Marketing Strategies	Dr. RamKishen Y.	PaperBack	Retail is a US$12 trillion industry and one of the largest employers after agriculture across the globe. The share of organized retail varies widely from just one per cent in Pakistan and four per cent in India to thirty-six per cent in Brazil and fifty-five per cent in Malaysia. Retailing is a challenging task in the changing dynamics of the market environment, which has seen unprecedented developments in the past few years. Managing in this environment calls for innovative retail strategies. This textbook explores the strategies which are retail specific and can be adopted by the retail industry across the world. It offers solutions to the retail problems emerging in the day-to-day operations of the retail stores. The book is primarily aimed at students pursuing graduation and post-graduation in retail (MBA/BBA/Diploma), professionals and consultants engaged in the field of Retailing.	2009	Jaico Publishing House	376p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923495	Brand Switch	Jagdeep Kapoor	PaperBack	The era of Brand Switch is here upon us. For many years, product and service marketers felt customers were there with them for life, and started taking brand loyalty for granted. However, there has been a transformation in the Indian market and consumers today are now loyal to perceived value and not necessarily to brands.Due to intense competition and a wide choice of brands, every Indian consumer today is equipped with what the author calls an imaginary remote control. With this imaginary remote control, the consumer explores various brands only momentarily and evaluates them according to the perceived value he is getting. This is not to say that brand loyalty can no longer exist. However perceived value loyalty will precede brand loyalty. Only after a thorough assessment would a consumer settle for a particular brand. The author has recommended a unique way to gain, retain and regain consumers through his Brand Switch Module. Jagdeep Kapoors Brand Switch Module recommends strategies to convert, attract, increase, retain and reconvert customers leading to increased sales, market share and profits. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	130p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927564	Become the Brand of Choice	Jason Hartman	PaperBack	Why take the time for building relationships rather than chasing those hot, new leads? Because youll make more money, consistently, over time... and enjoy doing it!... This is a book for everyone in business and for every type of business.Creating clients for life is a proven way to increase your bottom line. Say good-bye to unpredictable income. Relationship marketing gives you all the control you want and the profits you deserve... in less time. Harness the power and potential of this people-centered approach to build you and your business into the brand of choice. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	316p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926680	Branding	Brad VanAuken	PaperBack	The vast majority of even solid, dependable brands toil along, achieving acceptable but unspectacular results due to an inability to distinguish themselves from their competitors. Their problem? They confuse branding with marketing, brand management with product management, and brand identity with slogans and ad campaigns. Making these distinctions crystal clear is what Branding is all about. This clear and practical guide can help you give your brand an unmistakable and revered identity in a crowded market. Branding offers real solutions for some of the most common and intractable challenges facing both new and established brands. A troubleshooting guide for brands struggling to gain strength, the book can also help your business build a brand from the ground up.The perception of your brand is a reflection of so much more than the products and services you offer. Short-term bottom-line results are admirable and important, but they do not eliminate the need for a comprehensive brand strategy. Branding gives you all the tools and techniques to build your brand, strengthen its reputation, and keep your company in the publics favor for many, many years. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929438	Personal Branding	Peter Montoya	PaperBack	Personal Branding is about taking control, whether youre an ambitious professional or entrepreneur. Instead of focusing on the right suit or business card, youll take a high-level, clinical look at how and why Strategic Personal Branding works  and how to leverage it to your advantage.Along the way, youll discover the Eight Unbreakable Laws, the core principles behind every great Personal Brand. By analyzing some of the worlds greatest brands, from Madonna to Tiger Woods, youll learn what makes them so irresistible.In the end, Personal Branding walks you through the development of your own new Personal Brand  to help you convert human perception into your lifelong competitive edge. Its the authoritative guide to the art and science of managing personal identity.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	248p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247400	The Advertising Handbook	Dell Dennison	PaperBack	Make a Big Impact with a Small BudgetIf you want more bang from your advertising dollar, this book is for you. It explains, step by step, what advertising is, how it works, and, most important, what will work best for your small business. Worksheets and samples explain advertising concepts in easy-to-understand detail.The first edition of The Advertising Handbook received the Washington Press Associations Communicator Award for best instructional book of the year in 1991. This second edition has been updated, expanded, and made even more useful with the addition of many new worksheets to help you to develop the most effective advertising campaign for your business. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	328p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248857	Handbook of Public Relations & Communications	Philip Lesly	PaperBack	Lesly's HANDBOOK OF PUBLIC RELATIONS AND COMMUNICATIONS has been the most comprehensive and widely used PR reference. It offers the latest and best ideas and thinking from the leaders in public relations. In this edition, Philip Lesly draws together a panel of internationally renowned experts to create an invaluable, worldwide industry guide. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	896p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922723	Public Relations for Your Business	Frank Jefkins	PaperBack	A practical guide to public relations  how it works and what it can do for your business...This classic guide has been fully updated to include coverage of the Internet and e-commerce. In addition to complete instruction on all the conventional aspects of PR the book now includes sections on electronic PR (e-PR) and world-wide-web exploitation.Areas covered include : corporate identity getting media coverage public relations on the internet dealing with reporters and interviewers sponsorship corporate advertising good customer relations 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	206p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921530	PR & Media Relations	Dr. G.C. Banik	PaperBack	The book deals with the various phases of Public Relations and Media Relations Practice in India. It attempts to provide information and insights into a chronological study of Public Relations, its rise, growth, influence, development and its practical applications and experiences as a growing profession in India. This book present the history of Indian Press and deals with the various phases in Indias struggle for freedom of press and media relations. It attempts to provide information and insights into a chronological study of journalism, its rise and growth in India. It also presents a vivid account of the various tools and medias used in PR with practical knowledge and examples of industry experiences. This volume will be very useful to the students, researchers and teachers and finally to professional PR practitioners.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	384p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926168	Handbook of Product Placement In The Mass Media	:e: Mary-Lou Galician, EdD 	PaperBack	Leading experts present cutting-edge ideas and current research on product placement! The Handbook of Product Placement in the Mass Media: New Strategies in Marketing Theory, Practice, Trends, and Ethics is the first serious book in English to examine the wider contexts and varied texts of product placement, related media marketing strategies, and audience impacts. The contributors are national experts in a variety of mass media specialties  history, law, and ethics (both media ethics and medical ethics); cultural and critical analysis; content analysis and effects; visuality; marketing, advertising, public relations, and promotion; and digital technology and futures.This first-of-its-kind book features interviews with leading critics and proponents of product placement (including the Pulitzer Prize-winning media critic of the LA Times and the Director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest in Washington, DC). Youll also find a lively roundtable of many of the major contributors (in Q&A format), a review of a recent video on product placement, and a helpful resource guide to publications and Web sites that further enhance the value of the book.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	302p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172243731	Mass Communication in India	Keval J. Kumar	PaperBack	Third Completely Revised and Updated EditionMass Communication in India is a result of the authors in-depth study and understanding of the media. The book deals with a general introduction to Communication Theory, Advertising, Television, Effects of Media and Development. In short, the book is designed to give the student of Mass Communication a general and comprehensive view of the modern and traditional media in India. It meets the objective of being a text book as well as a book that gives an overview of mass communication in India. 	1994	Jaico Publishing House	422p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920348	Fast-Track Business Growth	Andrew J.Sherman	HardBound	Companies of all sizes and in all industries seek the same objectives-sales growth, customer growth, revenue growth, profit growth, etc. But how do you navigate through the various challenges raised by a rapidly-changing marketplace, volatile capital markets, technological innovation and a complex regulatory environment?FAST-TRACK Business Growth is the resource to help your company identify growth objectives, develop business-growth plans, implement business-growth strategiesand avoid the pitfalls that an aggressive-growth strategy will inevitably encounter.	2002	Jaico Publishing House	654p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920356	Innovative Strategies	Andrew J. Sherman	HardBound	Whether your goal is to transfer shares to family members, fund your retirement or simply sell the business and move on to start a new venture this book is for you. If its traditional succession planning youre interested in, youll find many ways to transfer active ownership to the right family member, provide for nonactive members, and reduce the impact of taxes on your estate.	2002	Jaico Publishing House	280p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923266	50 Companies That Changed the World	Howard Rothman	PaperBack	Incisive Profiles of the 50 Organizations, Large and Small, That have Shaped the Course of Modern Business50 Companies That Changed the World shows how some of the greatest businesses of all time achieved their success - found untapped niches, stayed on top of trends, managed progressively, and encouraged creativity. The book also shows how some, nonetheless, fell from their pinnacle when they failed to follow the path that made them successful. Each sketch will spark discussion and debate as readers ponder the auhtor's rankings. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926699	Designing Dynamic Organizations	Jay Galbraith, Diane Downey & Amy Kates	PaperBack	With the business landscape changing more rapidly than ever before, organizations of every stripe face a myriad of restructuring issues. Whether addressing financial, technological, or marketplace needs, 21st century companies must be able to realign their capital and human resources with minimum disruption and maximum impact. Based on Jay Galbraiths world-renowned approach to organization design, and featuring a broad selection of practical tips and ready-to-use tools developed by Diane Downey and Amy Kates, Designing Dynamic Organizations gives business leaders at all levels everything they need to implement positive, progressive change.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	304p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927953	The 5 Catalysts of 7 Figure Growth	Andy Birol	PaperBack	In this age of demanding customers, unreasonable suppliers, cutthroat competition, and dispassionate employees, Andy Birol cuts right to the core of what owners need to grow their businesses  and how their vendors, staff, and advisors can raise their own value.Blending canny analysis with workbook exercises and real-life anecdotes of successful clients and national companies, The 5 Catalysts of 7 Figure Growth provides a detailed roadmap for systematic growth.Whether your company is brand new, established and growing, or stuck in the status quo, The 5 Catalysts of 7 Figure Growth will help you understand where it is, how it got there, and what you must do now to take it to the next level. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	252p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925730	Pioneering Organizations	Larry Davis	PaperBack	In every age a few organizations rise above the rest and bring fire to the worldto change the way we live. These pioneering organizations include Ford, IBM, General Electric, Bell Labs, Microsoft, Dell, Cisco, Vignette, Starbucks, and many others. These and other organizations yet unborn answer the call to move forward, to risk the unknown, and find the needed solutions to daunting problems.In Pioneering Organizations, Davis explores the forces that converge to create such earthshaking organizations and to energize their ascendency. He also examines the reasons for their decline. Based on this analysis, Davis identifies the factors that must exist to develop and sustain pioneering organizations.Every organization can rise to pioneering levels and achieve the extraordinary performance that they produce. The forms of pioneering are not important. What is important is a total commitment to a breakthrough vision and a convergence of purpose that powers miracles. As the global marketplace continues to expand, nothing less than a commitment to pioneering new and better ways of doing things will serve. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926125	Applied Benchmarking for Competitiveness	Richard Keegan & Eddie O'Kelly	PaperBack	A Guide For Owners And ManagersWhat works for the multi-nationals with all their resources, money, and structures certainly will not work for typical small and medium-sized companies, at least not without being adapted for their needs and resources. This book presents the proven results of such an adaptation process, where small and medium-sized companies have used a combination of benchmarking and world class techniques to improve their businesses profitability, their capabilities and their performance. Enterprise Irelands experience with benchmarking and best practice, working with Irish companies, shows that this approach works and leads to improved competitiveness. Case studies are presented throughout this book, outlining the results achieved by Irish companies using the tools. The challenge is for more businesses to adopt these tools and to make their own improvements in their operations.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	254p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928776	Strategic Management	Abbass F. Alkhafaji	PaperBack	STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT is an ideal reference for any teacher, student, or professional in the management arena. This up-to-date volume provides a comprehensive overview of strategic management in an easy-to-read format. It addresses important current issues, such as TQM (Total Quality Management), reengineering, benchmarking, and the formulation of strategic management in international markets.Filled with helpful insights into the state of the art in strategic management, this book provides a framework for the formulation, implementation, and control of strategies for all types of domestic and global organizations. Youll also find 21 suggested corporate cases for analysis (complete with reference sources), including Blockbuster Video, PepsiCo, Harley-Davidson, Nike, Home Depot, and Microsoft. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	336p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928752	Reinventing Strategic Planning	Stephen Haines with James McKinlay	PaperBack	The Systems Thinking Approach has transformed Strategic Planning into a living, breathing process.Finally, THE definitive book on how Strategic Planning is becoming Strategic Management. Learn how Jack Welsh at G.E. and other top performing companies establish a yearly cycle of a Strategic Management System. Read the research results of 27 different authors and experts and learn why Strategic Planning has been transformed into a  living, breathing process and new field called Strategic Management.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	324p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928769	Strategic Thinking: The Systems Thinking Approach	Stephen Haines	PaperBack	The Systems Thinking Approach and its simplicity is like adding 50 points to your individual and organizational IQ.Picking up on Systems Thinking where Peter Senges The Fifth Discipline never went, Strategic Thinking puts the 50 years of extensive research on General Systems Theory into four simplified concepts of author Stephen Haines unique, new Systems Thinking Approach. Using Systems Thinking, individuals, teams, and organizations will learn how to successfully focus on the three primary strategic goals of all organizations:  developing shared visions, values, strategies, and operational plans, ensuring successful implementation of desired major changes, and building and sustaining high performance over the long term.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	248p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929247	Strategy Execution	William R. Bigler, Jr. with Marilyn Norris	PaperBack	Strategy execution has far more potential for value creation than does strategy formulation. This book offers a complete tool kit to help firms achieve world-class strategy execution status. It focuses on initiative management, aligning executive, operating, and support processes with market rhythms, the seven stages of business growth, and time-phasing initiatives with the competitive realities of the firms environment. It also demonstrates how to track the ripple effects of change throughout the organization.Numerous exhibits portray tools that can be used by firms to develop world-class strategy execution prowess. A glossary of new terms and new definitions of familiar terms is included, along with a diagnostic survey that a firm can use to assess its current status regarding its world-class strategy execution abilities. The authors also provide a 10-S model of management imperatives that updates the McKinsey 7-S model from the 1980s. If a firm has been bogged down for too long in strategy formulation, now is the time to begin the execution phase  using this book as a starting point will give any organization the advantages it needs to launch this initiative successfully.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929261	The Art of Strategy	Ian Wilson	PaperBack	Strategy  and the planning that created it  has too often failed to deliver its promised results. The reasons for this failure are many and varied, but include an over-reliance on the next big thing in strategic methodology, a failure to recognize and deal with the total change that strategy requires in an organization, and an inability to deal with uncertainty. Wilson argues that strategy is a subtle and demanding art, far more than it is a science or a methodology. To succeed in dealing with complex, interacting forces inside and outside the organization, strategy must:  Deal with the totality of the organization in the context of its total environment (not just one function or one facet of the organization)  Learn to harness the power of opposites (the sometimes conflicting objectives of the organization, e.g., the long term and short term; vision and execution; economic constraints and social responsibility) Deal constructively with pervasive uncertainty in its future  Develop a strategic vision  Create a culture that fosters a strategic mindset throughout the organization. Without constant change and adaptation, a strategy will fail. Continuing success depends, therefore, upon constant learning from customers, competitors, changes in our environment, and our own mistakes.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950526	How Toyota Changed the World	K. Dennis Chambers	PaperBack	Toyota rose from the ashes of World War II to become, just fifty years later, one of the dominant automakers in the world. How did Toyota do it? How did it go from making cars that Westerners pointed to and laughed at to making cars, like the Lexus, that people now lust after? Thats what this book is all about. As veteran writer K. Dennis Chambers shows, Toyota, crazy like a fox, had a long-term plan to become a top-tier player in the auto industry. Through patience, persistence, and a willingness to dream of a different future as well as to look back to the past for ideas, Toyota has succeeded step by step.Toyota has never been afraid to chart its own path. Readers will learn what makes Toyota tick through Chamberss penetrating text, which: Explains the importance of the company and the essential disruptions that changed business forever. (Think Prius.) Details Toyotas origins and history. Presents biographies of the founders and the historical context in which they launched the company. Explains Toyotas strategies and innovations.In addition, Chambers offers special features that include a look at the colorful people associated with Toyota, interesting trivia, a Toyota time line, a focus on products, a look at how the company treats and trains its workers, and where the company is headed. Toyota  a company that changed, and is changing, the world. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	144p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950533	How Google Changed the World	Virginia Scott	PaperBack	Its the Universal dream  start a company, make a fortune, and retire early. Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin struck gold with their search engine. That vein of gold just gets richer and richer.How did these young men and their company become so successful so quickly? How did they influence the world to such a degree that the name of their company and the act of using their search engine become a household word? How did they gain the attention of over half of the people in the world searching for information, leaving their competitors in the dust? These are some of the questions this book answers.What started as a graduate school project with the goal of perfecting how people search for information on the World Wide Web grew into a company that shook not only the world of search but dramatically changed the worlds of advertising and communication. It changed the lives of those who use Google and who depend on it for research, news, quick answers, shopping, communication, and collaboration. It has even changed how we are able to view and explore our entire planet as we marvel at and take advantage of the satellite images provided by Google Earth. No one can deny: Google has changed the world. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	168p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950540	How Apple Inc. Changed the World	Jason D. OGrady	PaperBack	Two guys named Steve, working in a garage, created a prototype computer designed to be different in a way no one thought possible: It would be easy to use. Those two Steves, one now a billionaire and still at the head of Apple, not only succeeded with that product, but they also broke ground in the business world in ways few thought possible: They proved you could not only have fun at work, but pursuing a capitalist dream could be hip. How did Apple do it? How did it go from making computers that made a difference but not much of a dent in the overall market to creating a device (the iPod) and a music service (iTunes) that has changed the way we buy and experience music? And how did the Macintosh and its successors capture the hearts and minds of computer users so deeply that being a Mac person makes you a member of a special club? Thats what this book is all about.How Apple Inc. Changed the World will inspire students eager to launch a business career or work in the technology sector. Apple has never been afraid to chart its own path, and readers will learn what makes the company tick. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	200p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923142	Essentials of Supply Chain Management	Dr. R.P. Mohanty & Dr. S.G. Deshmukh	PaperBack	Essentials of Supply Chain Management is an integrated document for understanding the business processes of an enterprise, and will be useful in confronting emerging challenges posed by the external environment. It aims to facilitate executives in formulating a comprehensive strategy and control framework, closely aligned towards the customer, and delivering value for money as the ultimate objective. This book is meant for graduate students and professionals of business management and senior executives responsible for generating value for the stakeholders by way of gaining knowledge about Supply Chain Management. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	384p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927151	New Directions In Supply-Chain Management	:e: Tonya Boone, Ph.D., Ram Ganeshan, Ph.D.	PaperBack	New Directions In Supply-chain Management is an innovative collection of articles on current practices and future directions in supply-chain management and overall business strategy. The book takes a fresh look at the paradigm shifts that technology has created in supply-chain management from inventory to information, from competition to collaboration, from cost to value.The book is divided into three sections with essays devoted to: 1) Integrating New Technologies into supply-chain operations, 2) Technology-based product and service development and 3) Knowledge management and supply-chain integration issues. Together, the articles bring a new perspective to this complex area of business, encapsulating how the present state and future of supply-chain management come together to form a blueprint for success.Supply-chain management has grown from a procurement function into a vital business strategy. New Directions In Supply-Chain Management investigates how technology has transformed not only the design and development of products and services, but also the knowledge management and information-sharing strategies that keep operations running efficiently. It is an innovative and practical look at how new strategies can revolutionize the field, and bring supply-chain management into the future. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	400p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927281	Logistics And Supply-Chain Management	Anurag Saxena, Ph.D. & Lt. Col. Kaaushik Sircar 	PaperBack	Supply-chain management (SCM) is a network of business processes that involves the acquisition and conversion of raw materials into final products which are then delivered to the customer. It is defined as the integration of the supplier, distributor, and customer logistics requirements into one cohesive process. The world of SCM is progressing very swiftly. There have been technological advancements and high-speed evolutions that have forced organizations to restructure their business processes. Logistics And Supply-Chain Management is an integrated document that will aid graduate students, supply-chain professionals and senior executives looking for practical hints in SCM. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	272p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925110	International Business (2nd Edition)	Dr. R. Chandran	PaperBack	International business has become a necessary way of life for both nations and corporates in order to grow and survive in the global economy. Alliances, acquisitions, takeovers and other strategic decisions are planned in different corners of the world. In the fast emerging global village anyone and everyone can seal his/her image by forging ahead. This process has led to business operations and business schools becoming more sophisticated with knowledge, skills and information.The first edition of this book embarks on various methods of operations in international business, recent developments in the world economy and their implications in international business. Strategic approaches that can be used by the business community to explore and prosper in different countries have also been analysed. It emphasises the challenges and opportunities being encountered by small- and medium-scale industries and large multinationals. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	396p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249179	Globalization of Business	Abbas J. Ali	PaperBack	Comprehensive and thorough, Globalization of Business will assist you in understanding globalization and its significance, challenges, and implications for todays companies. Using proven research and actual strategies of top corporations, this reference covers pertinent information about the global context of business. This book: explores the worlds current economic, cultural, technological, and environmental affairs examines competitiveness at national and firm levels and outlines steps that competitive organizations undertake to sustain their advantage discusses and analyzes strategies for effective business performance identifies the roles of CEOs and their qualities and functions, and gives a framework for identifying global managers evaluates the prospects for sustaining global leadership and contrasts global leadership and hegemonyoutlines the necessary steps for creating an integrated global economyCovering general and specific issues, this guide explains assumptions and theories of globalization in order to help you approach global issues with flexibility, attentiveness and confidence. Globalization of Business will enable readers to avoid common pitfalls and build a successful global firm that will benefit the entire business community.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	354p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927588	International Business And Culture	:e: Kip Becker	PaperBack	International Business And Culture is a book devoted to the effects of culture on international business operations. Many costly errors have been made by international businesses that have not realized the extent to which the needs and behaviors of consumers and employees vary among regions and nations. Change has created many conflicts between the established ways and the introduction of new ideas and different behaviors. As firms further their internationalization efforts more and more employees will find that they are being exposed to greater cultural diversity. This is increasingly the case due to efforts to expand hiring of indigenous persons to staff foreign locations. Often new managers from foreign subsidiaries are provided training in the domestic offices exposing not only them, but also those around them, to different ways of thinking. This internationalization of the workplace has placed increased pressures on human resource departments, managers and staff. As such, companies will find it increasingly difficult to respond to differing languages, values and perceptions in a manner that maximizes diverse personal qualities and achieves company goals. As Internet use, international travel and communication speed all increase it is certainly reasonable to assume that the velocity at which cultures collide will increase as well. The seven articles included in this book provide valuable insights into dealing with these issues. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	172p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926117	Business Environment	John Kew & John Stredwick	PaperBack	Managing In A Strategic ContextThis new text has been designed for students taking modules in the business environment or business context areas of an HR or Business Degree Programme. It is written to cater for both undergraduate and postgraduate level modules as it covers all the standard subjects normally included in such modules.Presented and written in an easy to use format, for students with little or no prior knowledge of the subject area, the text enables students to gain key knowledge of the environmental influences  economic, social and legal  that are essential in developing an understanding of business strategy at every level.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	276p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927595	Global Business Environments    	Kamal Dean Parhizgar	PaperBack	In the modern world, the key to prosperity  or failure  in the global marketplace is awareness of cultural differences. Global Business Environments teaches managers both practical techniques and theoretical insights for working with people from diverse cultures in home and host countries.Managers who ignore or dismiss cultural differences may find themselves alienating customers and employees, fumbling negotiations, and ultimately losing sales. In contrast, those who are willing to see the world from different perspectives may spot fresh opportunities. Bringing multiple cultures together results in synergy, in which two combined energies multiply and reinforce one another. Global Business Environments tells you not only how to create synergy, but also how to profit from it.Global Business Environments offers a sweeping multidisciplinary inventory of facts, theories, and practical ideas for making multiculturalism work. This comprehensive volume is a crucial resource for every manager who belongs to a multinational organization, as well as students of both domestic and international business, political science, international relations, public administration, and educational administration. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	346p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921344	Environmental Management (2nd Edition)	Dr. Swapan C. Deb	PaperBack	Second Revised & Enlarged EditionENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT is a neat and comprehensive presentation of a multi-disciplinary subject, treated from both national and global perspectives.Starting with the basics of every branch of science as it relates to the environment, the author goes to expound on human interference with the environment and the impact of man and technology on the environment. He follows with an explanation of the concept of environmental management and ends with examples of practical environmental management of particular sectors like urban land management, watershed management, agricultural management, hill area management and coastal-zone management.A product of the authors extensive, ten-year research related to enhance the primary productivity of the aquatic ecosystem, bioremediation, waste-water purification through ecological principles, aquatic ecology, ecotoxicology, molecular toxicology and environmental management, this authoritative book is bound to find favour with students, teachers and practitioners of Environmental Management. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	336p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925293	Operations Research	Aditham B. Rao	PaperBack	Operations research consistently delivers significant value to organizations and executives who use it. Complex modeling and developing a decision support system to generate optimal solutions for responding to emergencies calls for expertise in operations research. This book features the latest developments in operations research, such as linear programming, simulation, CPM and PERT, etc. It tackles the broad range of allocation problems that confront engineers, programmers and analysts in todays business and industrial worlds. The text includes clear and comprehensive coverage of fundamentals. Students studying the subject at the graduate/postgraduate level or other courses at Indian universities and institutes of management and commerce will find the contents of this book suitable for their requirements. In addition, the book will help the time-starved executive to make bolder decisions with less risk and better outcomes. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	232p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926141	The Handbook of Modern Manufacturing Techniques	William Jones	HardBound	As industrial competition increases, companies are increasingly using new manufacturing techniques in order to remain competitive. Among the many tools and processes used in advanced manufacturing firms today are Operator Empowerment; Total Quality Management; Quality Systems ISO 9000 and QS 9000; Total Productive Maintenance; Just-in-Time Production; Computer Simulation; Process Reengineering; Automation Technologies; and Project Management. In a fast-changing business environment, companies not familiar with these new techniques are in danger of falling dangerously behind in the race to achieve manufacturing excellence.The Handbook of Modern Manufacturing Techniques explains in detail the concepts and capabilities of each of the above techniques. The emphasis throughout the handbook is on the practical application of these new approaches, supported by numerous diagrams, tables and examples. Each chapter is a self-contained description of the various techniques and introduces the concepts through a series of steps: introduction, definition, suitability and analysis of the technique. The reader will thus gain a thorough and pragmatic understanding of these new processes and will be able to determine whether they are appropriate for their specific needs. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	562p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927144	Essentials of Inventory Management	Max Muller	PaperBack	Most inventory professionals would gladly trade all the latest trend books for one guide that would help them do their jobs better right now. If that describes you, then Essentials of Inventory Management is your indispensable guide.In these pages youll find ready-to-use information in key areasfrom cost and accounting considerations, to physical control and layout, to problem identification and resolution.Written by a businessman and inventory pro for inventory pros, this timeless reference wont waste your time with marginal data or trivia.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927229	A Guide To Maintenance Management	B.K. Roy	PaperBack	Maintenance functions have long been neglected in Indian industry. A few decades ago, there was a dearth of trained and motivated personnel as the job of maintenance used to be undermined earlier. But now, with the rapid progress in industrialisation, the outlook has changed and maintenance is now considered as a profit centre.To keep pace with the present market we have to manufacture and deliver goods and services which are on par with internationally accepted standards of quality. This book deals with the subject of maintenance management in detail. It includes topics on energy management, reliability, quality, and operation research as also important aspects in the context of the 21st century, such as total productive maintenance, maintenance information system, and application of computer in maintenance. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	228p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249535	TQM in the Service Sector	R.P. Mohanty & R.R. Lakhe	PaperBack	The service sector contributes to the economy by absorbing surplus labor released from the agriculture and manufacturing sectors due to automations. It plays a positive role in maintaining economic stability. This sector covers many organizations such as health-care, education, banking, municipalities,etc. This book is about understanding TQM concepts and applications in the service sector. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	618p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248334	Handbook of Total Quality Management	R.P. Mohanty & R.R. Lakhe 	PaperBack	This book is one of the few texts devoted to the subject of total quality management which has generated interest world wide. The material is based on research work carried out by the authors over the last 10 years. The book provides managers with sound practical advice on how to initiate and implement total quality management. It imparts comprehensive knowledge on quality management concept, philosophy, its components, development and implementations using structured and illustrative case studies. 	2000	Jaico Publishing House	252p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929087	Theory of Constraints	S.K. Mukhopadhyay	PaperBack	Theory Of Constraints (TOC) deals with change for the better and how best to bring about this change. TOC also recognises the output of any system comprising multiple processes, where the output of one such process depends on the output of one or more previous processes and is limited by the least productive process. TOC sermonises that the goal is making money at present, and for the future. Here, future is as important as present.Although the profit-earning capability of an industry and business would have to be in the driving seat, the means around market and business as a whole were not so complex. These intricacies took an enormous turn during the last two decades, when competition became fierce and globalisation started to dictate the market. Professionals opened their eyes. There was only one buzzword  improve, and make it a continuous process.The book is oriented towards achieving goals starting from the inception of the thinking process as TOC ascribes. The book also provides a thorough insight of managing business even when there are constraints and resolving those by logical thinking. The book is also unique in that it provides the method of initialisation of the thinking process  a dominant feature of TOC.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	228p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926575	Demystifying Six Sigma	Alan Larson	PaperBack	As one of the early divisional quality directors at Motorola, where the Six Sigma program of world-class quality excellence was developed, Alan Larson is a singular authority on implementing the system to improve organizational effectiveness. In Demystifying Six Sigma, Larson shows how this universally respected program can improve products, processes and services by moving it beyond the realm of manufacturing and service operations, applying its philosophy to the entire organization.Used properly, the Six Sigma approach can dramatically reduce costs, improve efficiencies, and maximize customer satisfaction in all operations. Yet many current Six Sigma programs use just a small portion of the companys total workforce, resulting in limited benefit and unused resources.Highly readable and eminently practical, Demystifying Six Sigma demonstrates that this revolutionary management system is about total employee involvement, providing the tools and techniques needed to apply it across all departments. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	208p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926710	The Power Of Ultimate Six Sigma	Keki R. Bhote	PaperBack	Developed by Motorola and popularized by Jack Welch and General Electric, Six Sigma remains the most influential program for zero-defect quality excellence. Now, a leading member of the renowned Motorola team that started it all has succeeded like no one else at transferring the essence of Six Sigma to the written page.With sharp slaps at the watered-down Six Sigma efforts in vogue today, Keki Bhote provides an accessible road map to Ultimate Six Sigmaa broader and more vigorous system that breaks through the narrow confines of quality excellence to total business excellence. Bhote has packed this book with 200 disciplines and techniques that unleash the power of Ultimate Six Sigma in four key areas: Stakeholders, High-Octane Techniques, Major Line Functions, and Results.Readers fixed on results will also appreciate the recommended timetables for implementation, keyed to a companys level of urgency and its familiarity with quality concepts. Self-assessment audits help you determine where to begin. The journey toward Ultimate Six Sigma will be challenging but rewardingit will renew your organizations commitment to profit improvement, business integrity, and stakeholder value. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	368p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928813	World Class Quality	Keki R. Bhote & Adi K. Bhote	PaperBack	Ninety percent of companies cant solve their chronic quality problems! Despite the widespread use of the powerful tool, Design of Experiments (DOE), managers and workers find the traditional use of DOE (especially the classical and Taguchi approaches) to be a complicated, ineffective, and frustrating experience.But it doesnt have to be that way. World Class Quality is a best-selling tool that can solve chronic problems, and has for hundreds of companies. Using Dorian Shainins approach to DOE, quality experts Keki and Adi Bhote have experienced outstanding success at organizations around the world. The approach described in World Class Quality is a simple, flexible, powerful, and nonmathematical way to get at the root of quality challenges.World Class Quality opens your eyes to a new, simplified way to approach and wield the quality tools that you already have. Like hundreds of other companies, your company can experience impressive, immediate improvement  and achieve world-class quality.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	512p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950779	Quality Management	Deepak Tripathi	PaperBack	Quality is an important attribute of products and services. Quality management, therefore, focuses not only on product quality, but also on the ways and means to achieve it. This book provides an easy understanding of complex but practical issues associated with quality management, by focusing on mechanisms of improvement of quality and other contemporary management solutions in different manufacturing environments, their interfacial and integration issues and strategies to produce synergic effects from their combined applications.Key Features Discusses the concepts, evolution and relevance of quality management solutions in detail Includes experiences of Indian manufacturing industry regarding implementation of quality management solutions  Includes topics on improvement mechanisms, interfacial and integration issues, helping in turn, to design improvement strategies effectively	2009	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929476	Housekeeping  Operations, Design and Management	Malini Singh & Jaya B. George	PaperBack	Housekeeping Operations, Design And Management is a comprehensive textbook, which aims to cover all relevant theoretical and practical aspects of housekeeping with special reference to hotels. The book is divided into three sections  operations, design and management. The first part covers the theoretical foundation and techniques of operation of housekeeping and gives the basic knowledge of practical housekeeping. The second part of the book covers the design aspects in housekeeping, which includes interior decoration, floral design, uniform design and textiles. The third section of the book highlights the managerial aspects of housekeeping, which includes contract services, human resource management, budgets and also the latest trends in the accommodation department of hotels. The book also highlights the relation between interior decoration and housekeeping. It is specially designed for students pursuing a degree or diploma in Hotel Management/Home Science, and also for housekeepers working in the industy. The photographs, charts, diagrams and tables are useful in coverage of the concepts of housekeeping. The book is also helpful for entrepreneurs who want to start their own housekeeping concern. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	432p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927434	Service Quality Management In Hospitality & Tourism	:e: Kandampully, Mok & Beverley Sparks	PaperBack	Does your staff deliver the highest quality service possible?Customers today expect a very high overall level of service in hospitality and tourism. Competition in these fields will thus be driven by strategies focusing on quality of service to add value, as opposed to product or price differentiation. Service Quality Management in Hospitality & Tourism highlights concepts and strategies that will improve the delivery of hospitality services, and provides clear and simple explanations of theoretical concepts as well as their practical applications. Topics covered include: services management marketing operations management human resources management service quality managementPractitioners and educators alike will find this book to be invaluable in their businesses and in preparing students for the business world.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	360p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927458	The International Hospitality Business	Larry Yu	PaperBack	The International Hospitality Business: Management & Operations will introduce hospitality managers to the most up-to-date developments in hospitality to prepare you for the rapidly changing world of international hospitality. This book is a compilation of the most current research in global operations. It examines new developments, new management concepts, and new corporate mergers. It also analyzes and discusses the complexity of the political, economic, financial, commercial, and cultural environment within which international business takes place to help you become a productive global manager.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	420p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927441	Benchmarks in Hospitality & Tourism	:e: Sungsoo Pyo	PaperBack	The use of benchmarking in the tourism industry has been very limited and is still in its infancy. It has been restricted to the study of operational units and businesses, rather than destinations. The limited number of benchmarking studies carried out within the tourism industry, and almost all of the benchmarking studies, have been conducted by external third parties. It is apparent that the benchmarking model needs further development. To date, there have been far more conceptual works on why benchmarking is important and how to operationalize it than empirical research focusing on methodological issues such as how to measure performance gaps. Most empirical studies are based upon the supply side but avoiding the demand side. This collection fills some of the gap.Eight studies are included in this book. One paper is about overview of the benchmarking literature, and one paper deals with tourism. Others are concentrated in the hospitality business. Two studies deal with the environmental perspectives. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	172p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924092	Food & Beverage Service	Bobby George	PaperBack	This book will be useful for undergraduate & polytechnic students and as reference for all universities having Hotel Management BHM, BSc Catering, diploma & certificate courses. The aim of the book is to provide comprehensive information to students of Hotel Management or in any study of food and beverage. Most of the books available for study for professional courses are imported or contain only specific information. This book aims at providing complete information and will act as a handy reference book for the students.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	346p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926648	Safety and Security in Tourism	:e: C. Michael Hall, Dallen J. Timothy & David Timothy Duval	PaperBack	The recent terrorist attacks in the United States and their repercussions for the travel and leisure industries have focused more attention on tourism safety and security issues than ever before. The impact on tourism destinations and businesses, as well 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	344p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928844	Food & Beverage  Service and Management	Bobby George & Sandeep Chatterjee	PaperBack	Food & Beverage  Service and Management is a comprehensive book covering all the possible topics included in a 3-year or a 4-year degree or diploma programme in Hotel or Hospitality Management. It is written in easy-to-understand language and encompasses all basic information required for a student of food and beverage service.Key Features Divided into four parts for the 4-year study including management Chapters chronologically arranged for ease of study Research topics at the end of each chapter for further study Practical aspects of food and beverage service included with pictures Exhaustive beverage information An exclusive extensive table of food and its accompaniments with wine recommendations Case studies in the management section Glossary of food and beverage terms	2008	Jaico Publishing House	668p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929421	Competitive Strategies For Service Business 	Deborah C. Sawyer	PaperBack	In Competitive Strategies for Service Businesses, author, entrepreneur, and business consultant Deborah C. Sawyer illuminates the many forms of competition in service businesses, identifies the most important information resources for competitive intelligence (CI), and provides a practical framework for detecting and studying competitors in order to gain competitive advantage. While much has been written about competition in product manufacturing and marketing, managers of service firms face different and more complex issues  not least among them the pivotal role of human expertise in the business. Competitive Strategies for Service Businesses is the first book to fully explore the specific challenges and opportunities of service competition. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	248p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927984	401 Questions Every Entrepreneur Should Ask	James L. Silvester; :c: Timothy M Kaine, Governor	PaperBack	401 Questions Every Entrepreneur Should Ask poses the hundreds of questions any entrepreneur should ask, the answers to which will essentially create an operational X-ray of your business operation. After posing a question, Silvester explains its importance to the overall health of your company, discusses the business consequences of a negative answer, then instructs you on how to correct or avoid the unwanted consequences. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921115	A Guide to Entrepreneurship	David Oates	PaperBack	A Guide to Entrepreneurship is a practical guide, packed with examples and case studies, demonstrating how (and how not) to make a small business work. The book will help readers decide whether this is a course they want to pursue, what skills and disciplines they will need to make a go of it, and what obstacles they will need to overcome along the way.Areas covered include: avoiding the pitfalls of the single-skill entrepreneur raising capital and managing cash getting the market right investing in new technology getting to grips with red tape managing growth	2006	Jaico Publishing House	170p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247540	Start & Run a Profitable Restaurant	Michael M. Coltman	PaperBack	Starting and running a restaurant is not easy. To be successful in the highly competitive restaurant field, you have to know more than how to cook a good meal. A vast number of details from writing a financial proposal to inventory control are an important part of every restaurant operation. This book provides all the information you need to get started and make a profit in the restaurant business. It takes you step-by-step through the process and shares tips from the experts so you can avoid mistakes that so many new restauranteurs make.	1998	Jaico Publishing House	152p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247559	Start & Run a Profitable Catering Business	George Erdosh	PaperBack	Do you dream about having your own Catering Business? Successfully running a small catering business takes much more than a passion for cooking and a knack for preparing tasty dishes. You have to be a superb planner and manager as well. Whether you are already in the food service industry or looking for a challenging career move, Start and Run a Profitable Catering Business is your complete guide. The book details everything you need to know to beat the odds, win clients and profits, as well as tips on unique table decorations and sure-fire recipes that will, win rave reviews. 	1998	Jaico Publishing House	180p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249632	Start & Run A Successful Restaurant	Brian Cooper, Brian Floody & Gina McNeill 	PaperBack	This book will help you to turn your dream of owning a restaurant into a reality. To discover how location, decor and menu affects your success and how to avoid costly mistakes. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	230p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925234	Start & Run a Consulting Business	Douglas Gray	PaperBack	Turn Your Special Skills Into A Profitable BusinessConsulting has become a multimillion-dollar industry in North America. As society becomes more complicated, people in business, health care, education, government, and other fields are calling on specialists to provide answers to complex problems.This practical step-by-step success guide shows how anyone can turn knowledge and experience into a profitable consulting business. The comprehensive discussions on all aspects of consulting will get you over that first hurdle of starting your business and direct you toward a successful and profitable marketing plan. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	232p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925242	Start & Run a Retail Business	Jim Dion & Ted Topping	PaperBack	Meet The Challenges Of Todays Retail World Head OnStart & Run A Retail Business recognizes that the retail industry has undergone enormous changes in the past 30 years. Retailing experts Jim Dion and Ted Topping give clear instructions and knowledgeable advice on how an owner-operated retail business needs to be organized to survive and prosper in todays highly competitive retail environment.A succinct and valuable guide, this book is as useful to retailers with established businesses as it is to those who are just beginning a retail business plan.Drawing on their years of experience in the retail industry, the authors provide a detailed, practical job description of the successful retailer, covering: Retail basics, Merchandising, Buying, Personnel, Sales management, Technology, Customer service	2006	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925250	Start & Run a Coffee Shop	Tom Matzen & Marybeth Harrison	PaperBack	Do You Dream Of Having Your Own Coffee Shop?Coffee shops are springing up on every street corner. Now you too can start and run one of todays most popular and profitable business ventures. If you enjoy meeting people and love coffee, this may be the business for you!Two entrepreneurs whove set up and run successful coffee shops share their inside knowledge. Includes recipes for specialty coffees and chapters on tea and organic coffee.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925269	Start & Run an Event Planning Business	Cindy Lemaire	PaperBack	Plan Exciting Events And Make Money!Start & Run An Event Planning Business shows you how to start and run a successful enterprise by planning events of all kinds  from weddings and private parties to corporate events, meetings, conferences, and sporting events. This book will show you not only how to organize events, but also how to run the business.Keeping track of all the many details involved in putting on a successful event is easy when you have the checklists, schedules, tips, and advice of experts. Written in the step-by-step style that has made the Start & Run series the best of its kind, this indispensable guide will help you make any event  and event-planning business  a resounding success. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	216p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928615	Handbook Of Family Business	:e: Florence W. Kaslow	PaperBack	This book is designed to fill an important gap in the family business literature. As the worlds economies interface and intertwine with the evolution of international markets and globalization, the Handbook Of Family Business provides the essential broad knowledge that family business consultants need in todays business climate. It examines issues essential to anyone involved in, or consulting to, family businesses.Florence W. Kaslow, Ph.D., Editor, an internationally respected authority in both family psychology and family business consultation, presents a disciplined look at how family businesses are structured, the ebb and flow of their dynamics, and the ways they operate in different countries. Top family business consultants working in those countries share their methods of helping clients increase earnings and fulfill the missions of their companies. The contributors examine essential aspects of the world of family business today, including family offices, globalization, and the management of a familys wealth. Tables and figures, plus a helpful glossary, make complex and unfamiliar information easy to understand. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	488p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924068	Business Process Outsourcing	Dr. Sarika Kulkarni	PaperBack	Business Process Outsourcing provides information on the BPO revolution that is taking our country (and the world) by storm. New job opportunities are being generated each year, particularly in the metros. This has created a tremendous interest in BPO especially from an employment perspective. There is a paucity of books and material on this employment aspect of BPO, and this book aims to fill that void. The book gives an overview of the BPO units in India, and includes an exhaustive list of third party BPO companies located in India. On the conceptual level, information on the various BPO domains is covered in an easy to understand manner, while on the practical level case studies of leading BPO companies is given. Each chapter in the book represents a facet of BPO.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	208p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924424	Cases in Call Center Management	Richard Feinberg, Ko de Ruyter & Lynne Bennington	PaperBack	Written by authorities in the call center industry, Cases in Call Center Management brings to light the strategic importance of call centers in todays business world. While large corporations have explicit call centers, small organizations, even if they do not designate a part of the organization as a call center, due to changing attitudes toward customer service, in practice have call centers. As interactions with customers move away from person-to-person to other interactive media options, the call center is emerging from the shadows to become a vital force for corporate marketing and communication. Cases in Call Center Management covers a gamut of topics by examining real call centers in action and how managements at those centers have dealt with key call center issues. The book is rounded out with a section on resources that will provide hundreds of ideas to accentuate your current call center. Both a practical guide and an exhaustive reference, This book is an investment in the future success of your customer service operations.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	366p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928738	Offshoring Secrets	Utkarsh Rai	PaperBack	The most significant issue facing offshore organizations as global competition increases is the concept of sustaining a successful operation. This book is an exceptional mix of offshoring theories and practices, helping companies understand the reasons for what management in both the parent company and offshore counterparts are facing today. It gives an in-depth analysis of the authors own experiences and interactions with various people in the industry. It is written for both Indian and overseas audiences, who are involved in setting up the operation, executing projects and working in support organization like the HR, Administration, and Finance. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	184p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925145	Value-Based Management	Dr. S. Srinivasan	PaperBack	Value-based management and value-based personal living are two sides of the same coin. All the rules and conditions that apply to our day-to-day living at a personal and social level should apply to our day-to-day living in the world of business and commerce. This book is an attempt to facilitate that process, even if it means that the personal should take precedence over the professional. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927427	Ethics, Integrity & Responsibility	:e: J. Carl Ficarrotta	PaperBack	This volume is a complete collection of essays on leadership, ethics, and integrity. The contributors are distinguished men and women from different backgrounds. They discuss the ethics of leadership from a variety of perspectives  those of policy-makers, educators, military leaders, philosophers, jurists, and clergy.Many of these essays discuss great leaders of the past and the moral decisions they faced. Several are very well known, such as Abraham Lincoln and his understanding of moral truths, and the controversial decision by the Allies to bomb civilian sites in Germany in World War II. Others present such little-known examples as the German general who disobeyed his superiors to save Paris from total destruction in World War II, and the young Air Force Second Lieutenant who died in action during his third consecutive tour of duty in Vietnam. Still others discuss gross ethical failures, such as ethnic cleansing in the Balkans.Finally, and perhaps most importantly, these essays discuss our future: How can we instill a sense of integrity and responsibility in tomorrows leaders? 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927663	Ethics In Marketing	Shel Horowitz 	PaperBack	In his fourth marketing book, Shel Horowitz demands high ethical standards from companies that want long-term success in the 21st century.Ethics in Marketing demonstrates many well-known examples of companies that did well by seeing their customers, suppliers, employees and even competitors as partners ... and provides numerous practical ideas on marketing so everyone wins. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929308	High-Performance Ethics	Wes Cantrell & James R. Lucas	PaperBack	There is a better way to do business. And this better way  the ethical way  will lead to amazing results: highly committed employees and customers, financial gains, and strong, healthy organizations.Wes Cantrell, a highly respected and well-known business executive, knows the importance of strong values. In High-Performance Ethics, he teams up with Jim Lucas, an internationally recognized leadership consultant, to reveal a truly surprising secret: The road of principle is also the road to higher performance and richer results.Using ten timeless principles for leadership, richly illustrated with examples from Wess nearly fifty-year career with Lanier Worldwide, Inc., and ideas from Jims cutting-edge leadership firm, the authors demonstrate that in order for one to be optimally successful in the marketplace, performance and ethics must go hand in hand. This leadership book with a twist offers you practical ways to integrate these two closely connected concepts into your own day-to-day practices  and as you do so, youll discover a better way think and live.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	268p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248172	The Theory and Practice of Managerial Ethics	Jayashree Sadri, Sorab Sadri & Dhun Dastoor	PaperBack	This is the age of the intellect where every manager has to thrive on the cutting edge of global competition. For this he has to not only be ethical in his conduct but also appear to be so per force. Business Ethics is all about how the business organisation behaves in relation to the larger environment. Managerial Ethics is concerned with how executives react in the face of an ethical dilemma. This research-based book deals with the latter. Ethics has to be both willed and desired before it is actualised. This book adds intellectual muscle to that belief. The authors have neither relied on spiritualism nor collected facts without first building a sound theoretical base in the philosophy of social sciences.Largely, this book is distinctly different from the other books on the subject since it is a product of empirical research and gives a direction to future scholars as well. More importantly, this book explicitly symbolises what the three authors stand for and has a fair degree of originality in this is what they have to say. It uses twenty-six case studies culled from social reality to enforce the authors argument. Hence it will have a greater appeal not only to the research scholar and those academia standing behind the lectern in a postgraduate classroom in a B-School but to every sociologist, psychologist and economist who is interested in ethics and human behaviour in Indian organisations. Every manager must have a copy of this book on his/her bookshelf. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	518p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927656	Corporate Governance: A Financial Perspective	Scott C. Newquist & Max B. Russell	PaperBack	As companies become bigger and more powerful, the need to oversee them grows ever, and ever more difficult to achieve... From the author of Just Reward?, this is a cutting-edge analysis of corporate governance, and the way that company directors accountability is moving into new realms.Polly Peck, Robert Maxwell, BCCI.... There are many examples of abuse of power in large corporations and the damage this can cause. Recent developments in the field of corporate governance have made significant progress in highlighting the importance of these issues, but we are still a very long way from a workable system which can truly protect the interests of the innocent, without hampering high performance by companies.Anthony Williams shows how we can take things forward. The book includes a review of the way in which directors are currently regulated, and explains how the systems already in place can be modified to provide the protection we need. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	232p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926621	Corporate Governance: Who Will Guard the Guardians	Anthony Williams	PaperBack	As companies become bigger and more powerful, the need to oversee them grows ever, and ever more difficult to achieve... From the author of Just Reward?, this is a cutting-edge analysis of corporate governance, and the way that company directors accountability is moving into new realms.Polly Peck, Robert Maxwell, BCCI.... There are many examples of abuse of power in large corporations and the damage this can cause. Recent developments in the field of corporate governance have made significant progress in highlighting the importance of these issues, but we are still a very long way from a workable system which can truly protect the interests of the innocent, without hampering high performance by companies.Anthony Williams shows how we can take things forward. The book includes a review of the way in which directors are currently regulated, and explains how the systems already in place can be modified to provide the protection we need. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	244p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922138	Management Of Co-Operatives   (Revised & Updated)	Ramkishen Y.	PaperBack	This book covers the rapidly expanding field of co-operatives through an application-driven approach. It examines the key concepts of co-operatives and includes features that aid student comprehension. India has the largest network of co-operatives in the world. This sector holds a prominent position in the development of the rural economy of our country. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	244p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242549	Unlocking Creativity in the Workplace	Grossman, Rodgers & Moore	PaperBack	Unlock your hidden potential to reach a new plane of creative thinking. This comprehensive how-to-guide will stimulate the creativity intrinsic to everyone. Seek out new avenues of problem solving by elevating your ability to conceive ideas. The authors take you on a journey designed to spark confidence by reorganising your thinking patterns and processes. Included here are step-by-step selling and implementation techniques for turning the most difficult problems into achievable, and profitable opportunities. 	1990	Jaico Publishing House	250p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245831	Creativity: How to catch lightning in a bottle 	George Gamez	PaperBack	Creativity tools for artists, entrepreneurs, inventors, parents, performers, teachers and therapistsThis book is a comprehensive program for unleashing your creative power. It is loaded with tools, techniques and strategies to increase your creative ability. Using Neuro linguistic programming, visualization, self-hypnosis and mind-stretching techniques, Dr. Gamez helps you discover your creative possibilities and tells you how to nourish your creative spirit, dispel myths and misconceptions that limit your creativity and unleash the vast resources of your creative imagination. 	1997	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248636	Creativity	Dale Timpe	PaperBack	"The mind is like a parachute" ...it functions only when it is open. The three main characteristics that seem to be linked to creativity are flexibility, persistence and ability. An important element to make the creative process more likely to occur and even flourish is an organisational climate that is conducive to the free flow of ideas. The environment under which people work can act as a stimulant to bring out their innovativeness.	2001	Jaico Publishing House	400p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927625	A Guide To Organisational Creativity	Neville Smith & Murray Ainsworth  	PaperBack	A unique, patented programme for the development of creative thinking within a business environmentThis book represents the result of years of research, and the distillation of a consulting package prepared by the authors under the brand name Mindmix. The book explains in easy, practical steps how to make innovation happen in your organisation. Clear guidelines are presented on: How to find new ideas How to overcome barriers to creativity and innovation How to screen and evaluate new ideas as they are generated How to manage the process from concept to implementationThis best-selling guide to organisational creativity has been completely revised and updated, including new research and further refinements of the authors unique approach. A Guide To Organisational Creativity remains, more than ever, the definite guide to creativity in the workplace. 	2007	Jaico Publishing House	224p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926400	Creative Problem-Solving 	David O'Dell	PaperBack	Creativity is coming of age. An increasing number of writers and management theorists are turning their attention to the development of creativity and innovation in management. However, none has yet provided a comprehensive review of the actual processes involved, from both a theoretical and a practical standpoint.David ODell gives a complete review of the latest research in the area, and describes a number of tools and techniques which can be used to enhance problem-solving capabilities. He explains all the latest theories and models of mental performance and development, and shows readers which elements of each model can be adapted for their own benefit. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	194p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172243499	Executive Time Management	Reynolds & Tramel	PaperBack	Time is the managers most valuable commodity, and this new guide shows managers how to get the most out of every precious minute, from themselves and their subordinates. It outlines efficient practices for conducting productive meetings, organising, giving speeches, brainstorming and planning long and short term business strategies. Complete with tips on motivating employees, Executive Time Management can help you achieve more everyday, not by working harder, but by working better. 	1994	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247397	Practical Time Management	Bradley C. McRae	PaperBack	Are you always short of time? Here is sound advice for anyone who needs to develop practical time management skills. It is designed to help any busy person, from any walk of life to use his or her time more effectively. Not only does it explain how to get more things done, it shows how your self-esteem will improve in doing so. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	144p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248733	Essence of Time Management	Michael LeBoeuf	PaperBack	Time management is a frame of mind. It is an attitude of personal commitment and more importantly a dramatic reordering of priorities and work habits. ESSENCE OF TIME MANAGEMENT will help increase productivity and overall performances, improve employees morale and help you focus on accountability. This book provides the reader with fascinating insight into human traits and habits. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	392p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249292	101 Ways to Make Every Second Count	Robert W Bly	PaperBack	101 Ways To make Every Second Count goes beyond the usual time-management books to bring you a broad range of strategies and tactics for more success with less stress... for getting more done in less time. You'll learn how to maximize your time by setting priorities, creating useful schedules, and overcoming procrastination. Robert Bly describes how proper diet, exercise, and sleep-or lack thereof-affect our energy levels. And how using the latest technology allows us to manage information and to communicate more efficiently and effectively. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	192p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248881	Manage Your Time	Amos	PaperBack	Time cannot be managed. What you can manage is the way you use time. This fresh approach to the subject looks at the two issues of what you do and how you do it. You will learn the difference between efficiency and effectiveness, and how to use them to make time your friend, and your enemy. 'Practical advice, presented in a clear and concise style.' Moneywise. Julie-Ann Amos Bsc holds postgraduate qualifications and memberships of the Institutes of Personnel Development and Administrative Management. She works as a human resources consultant with a number of public and private sector companies and is author of Managing Yourself and Starting to Manage in this series.	2001	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925439	An Overview of On-Line Learning	Saul Carliner	PaperBack	Does on-line learning confuse you? If youre like most people in the training field, including those who have already worked with on-line learning, it probably does. In An Overview of On-Line Learning Saul Carliner clears away the confusion by defining basic terms and concepts, and demonstrating how they relate to one another.This title is an excellent resource for people with an education or training background who have little experience with on-line learning. People with other backgrounds who will play a role in on-line learning, or on-line learning professionals who want an intellectual framework for the complexities of on-line learning, will also find it beneficial. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921913	Introduction to Technical Services for Library Personnel	Mary L. Kao	HardBound	For library technicians working in technical services and students in library technology programs, Introduction to Technical Services for Library Personnel is a practical how-to-do-it text that shows how to perform the behind-the-scenes tasks the job requires. This essential volume comes complete with a suggested reading list, helpful charts and tables, a look at trends and issues to consider, and review questions at the end of each chapter. It is designed as a text for the introduction to technical services course and will also serve as a general reference for library technicians. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	128p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924467	A Concise Guide to Program Management	Dr. Mitchell L. Springer. PMP, SPHR	HardBound	This book provides the necessary details included in program management in a concise and understandable manner. The point of this book is to bring a very logical and proven effective process, the program management process, into our daily lives so that each of us may benefit from having gained insight into. This succinct reference will be a valuable asset to anyone involved with the intricate and costly business of program management.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	186p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921670	Quantitative Techniques in Business	Aditham B. Rao	PaperBack	Dr. Aditham Raos book is an authoritative treatise, a complete guide and a reference book on the subject. This application-oriented text covers all aspects of statistics, statistical methods, operations and research techniques. The book exhaustively covers statistical enquiries, collection of data, classification and tabulation. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	536p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923576	The Power of Vedic Maths	Atul Gupta	PaperBack	Vedic mathematics is gaining widespread popularity among the student community as well as maths lovers. The absence of a book, explaining the techniques in a simple language, has been felt acutely for a long time. This book has been written using a step-by-step approach, and attempts to fill the existing void. It includes several solved problems in addition to 1000 practice problems with answers. It also includes a special chapter which shows the application of the techniques to problems set in competitive exams like CAT, CET etc. People from all walks of life including school and college students, teachers, parents and also those from non-mathematical areas of study will discover the joys of solving mathematical problems using the wonderful set of techniques called Vedic Maths.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	176p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924076	Vedic Mathematics Made Easy	Dhaval Bathia	PaperBack	A Simplified Approach For Beginners Can you multiply 231072 by 110649 and get the answer in just a single line? Can you find the cube root of 262144 or 704969 in two seconds? Can you predict the birth-date of a person without him telling you? Can you predict how much money a person has without him telling you? Can you check the final answer without solving the question? Or, in a special case, get the final answer without looking at the question? Can you solve squares, square roots, cube-roots and other problems mentally?All this and a lot more is possible with the techniques of Vedic Mathematics described in this book. The techniques are useful for students, professionals and businessmen. The techniques of Vedic Mathematics have helped millions of students all over the world get rid of their fear of numbers and improve their scores in quantitative subjects. Primary and secondary school students have found the Vedic mathematics approach very exciting. Those giving competitive exams like MBA, MCA, CET, UPSC, GRE, GMAT etc. have asserted that Vedic Mathematics has helped them crack the entrance tests of these exams. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249837	Your Health & Safety At Work	I.L.O.(12 Vol. Set)	PaperBack	13 Volumes Set1. Instructors Guide To The Modules2. Legislation And Enforcement3. Controlling Hazards4. Using Health & Safety Committees At Work5. Chemicals In The Workplace6. Chemicals In The Workplace Appendices7. Male & Female Reproductive Health Hazards In The Workplace8. Aids And The Workplace9. Introduction To Occupational Health And Safety10. Noise At Work11. Your Body At Work12. Ergonomics13. Health & Safety For Women & Children	2001	Jaico Publishing House	808p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928486	Project Management for Software Development	S. Mukherjee	PaperBack	Project Management for Software Development describes mainly how to initiate-plan-execute, as well as how to manage people, time, budget, communications, risks and issues to successfully deliver projects from end-to-end. It covers in detail the entire suite of project management formats needed, and describes in depth how to undertake every activity within the project life cycle. It also includes IT project management techniques that will help you learn to work with users, define the scope, gather business requirements, make good team assignments and incorporate software quality control into your project.With a clear and user-friendly approach, the book discusses the benefits of a converging project management-process management connection. The described tight coupling of the process world to the SPM world provides a high degree of completeness and accuracy necessary for effective project management. Through examples and detailed explanations, process-based software project management illustrates how this novel SPM approach is more profitable and time-efficient when compared to traditional SPM methods. This book will be of immense value to software managers/project managers who strive to achieve SPM/software engineering success. It will also be of great help to PMI students or students pursuing studies in SPM in management courses or doing their MBA. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	280p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921956	Dictionary of Environmental Science	Bruce Wyman & L. Harold Stevenson 	PaperBack	Thoroughly revised and updated, this comprehensive dictionary reflects the great diversity of disciplines impacting on the environmental arena. More than 4,000 entries are drawn from agriculture, biology, chemistry, engineering, medicine, microbiology, soil science, geology, meteorology, toxicology, government, law, and more. The dictionary is for students, teachers, businesspeople, politicians, science and technical writers, and general readers interested in this fast-growing and sometimes controversial field. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	464p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247087	Mastering Your Time	Brian Tracy	PaperBack	Managing time is an age-old concern that affects those who have too much to do and not enough time. How to use more hours in the day to accomplish your goals is emphasized.Great Little Book on Mastering Your Time gives practical and inspiring guidance on how you can become an expert at time management. 	1998	Jaico Publishing House	80 p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247095	Universal Laws of Success	Brian Tracy	PaperBack	Everything happens for a reason. For every cause there is an effect, and for every effect, there is a specific cause or causes. Through Universal Laws of Success, discover the laws that govern success, money, happiness, love, business, motivation, ability and all other aspects of self-fulfillment and use them to change your life forever. 	1998	Jaico Publishing House	124p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247109	Successful Selling	Brian Tracy	PaperBack	Pattern yourself after the very best people in your field. Do what they do.Keep yourself positive, cheerful and goal oriented. Sales success is 80 percent attitude and only 20 percent aptitude.Combine the dual qualities of empathy and ambition in every sales relationship.No other book can come close to the expertise captured in Brian Tracys Great Little Book on Successful Selling. You will be delighted by Brians common sense and realistic, fresh approach to selling. 	1998	Jaico Publishing House	104p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247117	Personal Achievement	Brian Tracy	PaperBack	Great Little Book on Personal Achievement helps you gain wealth, attain a fulfilling personal life and meet high career goals. Personality developmnent is a process of building and maintaining high levels of self esteem .You can change your performance by changing the way you think about yourself. 	1998	Jaico Publishing House	84p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247125	The Gift of Self-Confidence	Brian Tracy	PaperBack	Self-confidence is the foundation of all great success and achievement. Average people have wishes and hopes. Confident people have goals and plans. Disseminating these concepts The Gift of Self-Confidence helps you shed those insecurities that prevent achievement, success and happiness. Brian Tracys words inspire you to believe in yourself and take control of your life. 	1998	Jaico Publishing House	88p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247133	Effective Leadership	Brian Tracy	PaperBack	Leadership is the ability to get extraordinary achievement from ordinary people. Leaders are those who determine the area of excellence for the group. Anyone working with people, from entrepreneurs and fast-paced executives to community volunteers and medical professionals, will find the advice in Great Little Book on Effective Leadership helpful and exhilarating.	1998	Jaico Publishing House	76p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247141	The Peak Performance Woman	Brian Tracy	PaperBack	Peak Performance begins with your taking complete responsibility for your life and everything that happens to you. Women in positions of leadership, from home, business owners to corporate executives, will find the words offered in The Peak Performance Woman moving and inspirational.	1998	Jaico Publishing House	84p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249837	Your Health & Safety At Work  	I.L.O. (12 Volumes)	PaperBack	13 Volumes Set1. Instructors Guide To The Modules2. Legislation And Enforcement3. Controlling Hazards4. Using Health & Safety Committees At Work5. Chemicals In The Workplace6. Chemicals In The Workplace Appendices7. Male & Female Reproductive Health Hazards In The Workplace8. Aids And The Workplace9. Introduction To Occupational Health And Safety10. Noise At Work11. Your Body At Work12. Ergonomics13. Health & Safety For Women & Children	2001	Jaico Publishing House		English			1	ZZZ000000
8179920577	The Complete New Training Library 	:c: Dave Zielinski  (12 Volumes)	HardBound	1. Basic Training: The Language of Corporate Education2. Adult Learning In Your Classroom3. The Best of Creative Training Techniques Newsletter4. Designing Training For Results5. The Training Mix: Choosing And Using Media And Methods6. Managing Training In The Organization, Book 17. Managing Training In The Organization, Book 28. Delivering Training: Mastery In The Classroom9. Evaluating Trainings Impact10. Using Technology-Delivered Learning11. The Effective Performance Consultant12. Making Training Pay Off On The Job	2002	Jaico Publishing House		English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921409	The Art of Strategic Management	9 Volumes	HardBound	Vol 1:Innovative Strategies (Andrew J. Sherman)Vol 2:Strategic Alliances (Warnock Davies)Vol 3:Strategy Concepts In Business (Herman S. Napier & Walter L. Kreeger)Vol 4:Strategic Business Forecasting(Jae K. Shim, Joel G. Siegel & Chung J. Liew)Vol 5:Strategic Personal Branding (Peter Montoya)Vol 6:Strategic Networks (Frank-Jurgen Richter)Vol 7:Multinational Strategic Management (Robert J. Mockler, PhD)Vol 8:Formulation, Implementation, and Control in a Dynamic Environment (Abbass F. Alkhafaji)Vol 9:Strategy For Organizational Change (David D. Dubois, PhD) 	2004	Jaico Publishing House		English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923916	Encyclopedia of Strategic Marketing Management	10 Volumes	HardBound	Encyclopedia of Strategic Marketing Management10 Volumes 1- Management Skills in Marketing2- Business Marketing Research3- Marketing Planning in a Total Quality Environment4- New Product Development5- The Psychology of Relationship Selling6- Strategic Competitive Intelligence in the Digital Age7- Competitive Strategies for Service Businesses8- Strategic Personal Branding9- Customer Advisory Board: A Strategic Tool10- Handbook of Cross Cultural Marketing		Jaico Publishing House		English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923673	New Finance Library	8 Volumes	HardBound	CEOs, CFOs, fund managers and entrepreneurs need to know the latest trends in portfolio management, risk management, hedge fund operations, marketing of financial products/services and investor relations to compete in todays cut-throat financial world. This encyclopedia equips leaders with cutting-edge financial knowledge they need to stay ahead of their competitors.Vol. 1: Managing To Have ProfitsVol. 2: Hedge Funds: An Investors GuideVol. 3: Risk: The New Management Imperative in FinanceVol. 4: Analyzing and Managing Banking Risk: A Framework for Assessing Corporate Governance and Financial RiskVol. 5: Selling Financial Products and ServicesVol. 6: Corporate Governance: Putting Investors FirstVol. 7: The New Investor RelationsVol. 8: Portfolio Management 	2005	Jaico Publishing House		English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926265	International Retail Management	8 Volume Set	HardBound	An invaluable resource written by experts, this encyclopedia gives an in-depth look at the benefits and challenges of retail businesses. It is packed with examples and case studies which help every retailer to plan and develop a successful retail business. Volume 1: Retail Management Peter FlemingVolume 2: Retail Buying Techniques Fiona Elliott & Janet RiderVolume 3: Retail Selling Peter FlemingVolume 4: Franchising Iain MaitlandVolume 5: Big Ideas for Small Retailers John CastellVolume 6: International Retailing Plans and Strategies in AsiaEditors - John Dawson & Jung-hee LeeVolume 7: The Retailer and The Community Peter Fleming with Karen McCollVolume 8: Law For Retailers Bill Thomas	2006	Jaico Publishing House	8 Vol.	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921212	Encyclopedia of Training and Performance Management	10 Volumes	HardBound	10 Volumes This encyclopedia will provide you with proven techniques and guide you through the process of training and performance management by giving you an essential overview of various methods that are best suited for your organization.Vol. 1: Managing Performance (Michael Armstrong & Angela Baron)Vol. 2: Evaluating Training (Peter Bramley)Vol. 3: Reward Management In Context (Angela Wright)Vol. 4: Developing Effective Training Skills (Tony Pont)Vol. 5: Appraisal (Clive Fletcher)Vol. 6: Organizational Performance (Editors  Johnson, Redmon & Mawhinney)Vol. 7: The Job Evaluation (Michael Armstrong & Angela Baron)Vol. 8: The Motivation (Sarah Hollyforde & Steve Whiddett)Vol. 9: Training Interventions (Margaret Anne Reid & Harry A. Barrington)Vol. 10: 360 Degree Feedback (Peter Ward) 	2005	Jaico Publishing House		English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928479	The Complete Encyclopedia of Financial Accounting	Dr. G. Francis Xavier	PaperBack	An invaluable resource written by an expert in this field, this encyclopedia gives an in-depth study of the recording, maintenance and preparation of financial statements for various types of businesses. All subjects are dealt elaborately in these volumes.11 VOLUME SETVolume 1: Principles Of Double Entry  A Macro ApproachVolume 2: Practice Of Double EntryVolume 3: Organisational AccountsVolume 4: Operational AccountsVolume 5: Partnership AccountsVolume 6: Company Accounts  BasicVolume 7: Company Accounts  AdvancedVolume 8: Banking, Insurance And Public Utility AccountsVolume 9: Management AccountingVolume 10: Indian Accounting StandardsVolume 11: Accounting Dictionary 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	4872p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921662	Handbook for Scientists & Engineers	Elart von Collani & Klaus Drager	HardBound	Handbook for Scientists & Engineers is a new reference book that deals with estimating and testing a proportion or the probability of an event. The purpose of the book is twofold: it aims at providing practitioners with refined and easy-to-use techniques as well as initiating a new field of research in theoretical statistics. The book contains completely new interval and point estimators as well as test procedures that are superior to the traditional ones.This is especially true in the case of small and medium-sized samples, which are characteristic for many fields of application. The procedures are derived for fixed and bounded parameter ranges, thus allowing the selection of a method tailored to a given situation. Thus, according to the size of the proportion or probability of interest different estimators should be used, similar to the case of measuring length, where the measurement method depends heavily on the size of the length to be measured. The approach yields more precise estimators and more powerful tests. It may also be applied to other estimation or test problems. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	396p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926664	Engineering Documentation Control Handbook	Frank B. Watts	HardBound	The best selling EDC/CM book has been updated and expanded to be even more valuable to those concerned with technical communication in areas of product documentation and configuration management (CM). Drawing upon the success of the first editions coverage that stressed basics, rules and reasons, the revision now incorporates many new real-world examples from client consulting. In addition, the interchangeability and change cost sections have been expanded and given separate chapters in recognition of their critical importance. Since the initial publication, the author has surveyed hundreds of seminar attendees and completed a large project surveying auto suppliers. The result and analysis of those surveys allows readers to compare their enterprise with those surveyed.Document control and Configuration Management engineers, engineering managers and executives, quality assurance engineers, manufacturing engineers, production control, planner-buyers, and field service people will benefit from the clear presentation and examples that help bridge the communication gap between design engineering and the rest of the corporate world.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	396p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246773	Engineering Materials And Their Applications 	R.A. Flinn & P.K. Trojan	PaperBack	Change is rampant in the engineering field especially where Material Science and Engineering is concerned.Engineering Materials and Their Applications provides a basic concept to understand, develop and use any material analyzing the different structures of metal, ceramics, polymers and the effects of stress and temperature. The book carries discussions on the structures, properties and applications of the important materials in each field and contains topics on corrosion and oxidation, failure analysis, electrical and optical properties, magnetic properties, processing of electrical and magnetic materials, materials selection and specification. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	1052p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924408	Biotechnology: How it is changing our Life	Michael Fumento	PaperBack	Living up to his reputation as our premier science and health myth buster, it sorts out science from nonsense in this fascinating book look at the amazing new age of biotechnology we are now entering. Bioevolution is science fact that reads like science fiction because of the wonders it describes.Biotech has demonstrated the potential to cure almost any disease. Miracle drugs and treatments now under investigation will eliminate diabetes, AIDS, Alzheimersand end the days of cancer as a death sentence. Biotech will restore the environment naturally by cleaning up toxic and even nuclear waste sites. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	520p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926427	Bioinformatics	Kenneth Baclawski & Tianhua Niu	HardBound	Recent advances in biotechnology, spurred by the Human Genome Project, have resulted in the accumulation of vast amounts of new data. Ontologies  computer-readable, precise formulations of concepts (and the relationship among them) in a given field  are a critical framework for coping with the exponential growth of valuable biological data generated by high-output technologies. This book introduces the key concepts and applications of ontologies and ontology languages in bioinformatics and will be an essential guide for bioinformaticists, computer scientists, and life science researchers.The three parts of Ontologies for Bioinformatics ask, and answer, three pivotal questions: what ontologies are; how ontologies are used; and what ontologies could be (which focuses on how ontologies could be used for reasoning with uncertainty). The authors first introduce the notion of an ontology, from hierarchically organized ontologies to more general network organizations, and survey the best-known ontologies in biology and medicine. They show how to construct and use ontologies, classifying uses into three categories: querying, viewing, and transforming data to serve diverse purposes. Contrasting deductive, or Boolean, logic with inductive reasoning, they describe the goal of a synthesis that supports both styles of reasoning. They discuss Bayesian networks as a way of expressing uncertainty, describe data fusion, and propose that the World Wide Web can be extended to support reasoning with uncertainty. They call this inductive reasoning web the Bayesian web.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	440p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927571	Nanotechnology	William Illsey Atkinson	PaperBack	Since the beginning of the industrial age, many machines have grown steadily smaller even as they have grown more powerful and complex. Nanotechnology, based on the science of the infinitesimally small, takes technology beyond most popular definitions of reality, to a realm of molecular machines, cell-sized computers, and other astounding possibilities. Nanotechnology reveals a spectacular view of the immediate future of nanotechnology and its applications in medicine, computing, manufacturing, engineering and countless other arenas that affect our world, redefining how we work, play, and live.Will nanoscale transistors enable computers to outstrip the combined power of all the supercomputers currently in the world? Can gold nanoparticles bond with  and destroy  cancer cells? Will gargantuan elevators lift satellites to their orbits? The possibilities for the not-too-distant future are astounding. But nanotech is already real: It makes tennis balls last longer. It makes paints and coatings stick better. It makes pants impervious to coffee spills. Its made car tires stronger for decades. And in 2003, President Bush signed the 21st Century Nanotechnology Research and Development Act, a $3.7 billion grant that represents the largest federally funded science initiative since President Kennedy established the space program. 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248474	Structural Reliability Analysis & Design	Prof. R. Ranganathan	PaperBack	Structural Reliability Analysis and Design presents the fundamental concepts of structural reliability theory and illustrates its application to practical problems. The book introduces the probabilistic basis of structural reliability and discusses the techniques and methods of evaluating the structural components and systems. It also deals with the reliability analysis of reinforced concrete frames and gives the analysis of field data on basic variables for Indian conditions. Advanced reliability methods using simulation are also included and illustrated with examples. The book would be a valuable aid to practising civil and structural engineers and designers. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	456p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248830	Handbook of Solvents 	Ernest W. Flick	HardBound	Completely revised, and vastly expanded, this well-established and successful reference volume is designed principally for the chemical and other process industries, but will be found useful by anyone needing the latest pertinent data on industrial solvents.This Fifth Edition is uniquely helpful when it becomes necessary to select a new solvent on a competitive or comparative basis; when the customary solvent, employed hitherto, might no longer be available, or can no longer be used because of environment reasons. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	996p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924769	Handbook of Thermoset Plastics	:e: Sidney H. Goodman	HardBound	The Handbook of Thermoset Plastics is specifically aimed to help engineers, chemists, physicists, and students who need general, as well as technical, details concerning everything from historical data and terminology to highly specific curing and staging data. It is written so that both non-specialists and specialists can follow along easily, while making available in-depth data for those who wish to expand their knowledge into new areas of expertise.Once occupying a lesser, yet significant, role in the plastics industry, thermoset plastics technology has increasingly become important to designers and users who work in specialty applications. Everything from toys to medical devices, and from automotive to sports and recreation products, are being manufactured using thermoset plastics. An increased understanding of thermoset plastics technology and processes has broadened their use exponentially over the last few years. In fact, the importance and contributions of unsaturated polyesters, urethanes, and epoxy thermosets have driven unprecedented sales and production figures that approach the definition of commodity materials.As a survey of the technology, the handbook provides the reader with the practical implications of crosslinking, as well as establishing relationships between time, temperature, and mass, often ignored in the general overviews allotted to thermoset plastics in other handbooks. Handbook of Thermoset Plastics offers the most complete collection of general and technical details available for this important subject.entering.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	604p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926486	Plant Location Selection Techniques	Edwin M. McPherson	HardBound	The book is designed to provide chief executive officers, manufacturing vice presidents, chief engineers and engineers a checklist of things to do in analyzing a potential plant site. It is also designed to provide state and local industrial development staffs guidance in their efforts to obtain industry. New entrepreneurs will find this book to be useful in making presentations to financial agencies.The book shows how to choose the best location in a country through arraying the basic economic and social facts in an orderly manner. Both tangible and intangible cost analysis and factor weighting are covered. Included are the impact of customs, legal systems, ways of doing business upon costs, management style and plant efficiency. Current legislations potential impact upon plant location is evaluated. This review includes GATT, NAFT A, CBI and other international direct and indirect influences on markets and costs. Also the potential impact of OSHA, ADA, EPA and other national mandates is covered.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	276p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240406	The Spirit Of C	Henry Mullish & Herbert L. Cooper	PaperBack	The language C is often described as a middle-level language that permits programs to be written in much the same style as that of modern high-level languages such as FORTRAN, COBOL, BASIC and PASCAL. In The Spirit of C you will know the essentials of this modern language. The book does not expect any programming experience or mathematical expertise from the readers. It provides simple illustrated programs, followed by a list of questions and answers based on text to acquaint the readers with the structure of C language. 	1998	Jaico Publishing House	550p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172242808	Learning C++: A Hands-On Approach	Eric Nagler	PaperBack	Based on his remarkable success teaching C++ in colleges and industries, Eric Nagler provides a fresh approach to teaching the challenging skills of C++ programming. His book communicates the concepts of object oriented theory through hands-on programming exercises. A wider breadth of C++ programming knowledge and skills is covered in detail beyond that of typical C++ books. In addition, many examples warn of common programming errors by clearly highlighting potential mistakes.	1994	Jaico Publishing House	640p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246501	Introduction to Artificial Neural Systems	Jacek M. Zurada	PaperBack	Artificial Neural Systems or neural networks are physically cellular systems which can acquire, store and utilize experimental knowledge. It helps the reader to understand the acquisition and retrieval of experimental knowledge in densely interconnected networks containing cells of processing elements and interconnecting links. The book also addresses the concepts of parallel machines that are able to acquire knowledge and the corresponding issues of implementation.	1994	Jaico Publishing House	790p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249810	Concepts in Data Structures And Software Development	G. M. Schneider & S.C. Bruell	PaperBack	This book is intended for the second course in Computer Science. It investigates the topics of data structure and software development. It covers abstract data types, data structures, recursions and the analysis of algorithms, and addresses topics related to the software life cycle specification, design, implementation, validation and maintenance. 	2002	Jaico Publishing House	526p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923541	Computers: Systems & Applications	P. Sudharshan & J. Jeyabalan	PaperBack	Computers: Systems & Applications has been designed for the course on Fundamentals/Introduction of Computers for both undergraduate and postgraduate students of all universities in India. It integrates all the basic concepts and latest information about computers. The contents of the book are student-friendly and give a complete coverage of computers, and the latest advancements in the field of information technology. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	512p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924157	Fundamentals of Computer Aided Manufacturing	A. Azad	PaperBack	This book covers various topics on computer aided manufacturing in simple langusge and easy to understand diagrams. The topics covered are not only the traditional areas of CAM but also emerging areas like product data management, product modeling, and assembly and tolerance modeling, rapid proto-typing, and features of modern CAD/CAM software.Key features of the book: Theoretical and practical issues of CAM discussed in detail Topics on product data management, product modeling and assembly, and tolerance modeling are also dealt with Fundamental coverrage of CNC machines (technology, functions, classification of CNC systems) included Includes review questions at the end of each chapter and also programming exercises 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	168p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924173	Programming in Java2	K. Somasundaram	PaperBack	The book starts with the basic concepts of object oriented programming and a concise introduction to Java language and Java architecture. The classes, inheritance and abstract classes are explained with the help of programs. All chapters contain complete programs with outputs. In addition real life problems are stated and complete programs are given. Important points are highlighted and all chapters contain objective type review questions.Key Features Clean and crisp description and explanation Hard to understand concepts are explained through appropriate conceptual diagrams Review questions and exercises for each chapter 204 complete programs 35 programs for real life problems 149 figures and 47 tables 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	736p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925153	Computer Networks	C.R. Sarma	PaperBack	A computer network is a system of electronic technologies that are linked in order to share information/resources and exchange files. It allows electronic communications among individual computers connected by electronic circuitry.The chapters presented in this book include detailed information on the network structure, topology, protocols and architecture. The different layers and their functions are also well-defined and described in an easy-to-read manner. Each chapter contains self-review questions that will help students to self-evaluate their understanding.Key Features Includes current techniques associated with the network layer Covers a wide syllabi (B.Tech, MCA, MSIS, BCA) Review questions included at the end of each chapter Network security, www, network management, e-mail working presented clearly	2005	Jaico Publishing House	324p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925943	An Encyclopaedia of Computer Terminology	H.R. Banerjee	PaperBack	What does GSM or BlueTooth mean?What is JavaScript or a Flash Card?Whats the difference between Internet and Interface?Over the past few years computers have become a part of our lives and we are constantly barraged with newer terminologies. While there are many books on computers, there are just a few dictionaries, encyclopaedias and thesauruses.An Enyclopaedia of Computer Terminology provides useful information about computer terms that are in use every day. This edition includes new terminologies and their definitions. Busy executives as well as new entrants in this field and those who would like to enrich their vocabulary in this age of Information Technology will find this encyclopaedia a useful guide.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	640p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924696	Computer Architecture and Organization	P. Chakraborty	PaperBack	This book presents state-of-the-art with a unique balance among the theoretical principles, design approaches and practical implementation of the computer architecture and organization. Covers history, theory and practice of computer architecture from a minimalist perspective. All the traditional topics including the principles of digital computer organization, processor organization, memory organization, I/O organization with numerous types of mostly-used popular ports, and control organization are covered with detailed diagrams. The conceptual second half of this book dealing with Risc Processor Architecture, Pipeline Architecture and Parallel Architecture including supercomputers makes this book unique and interesting. The author explains all these principles with illustrative examples of architecture of a lot of computer systems ranging from micro to mini, supermini, mainframes and even supercomputers with commodity microprocessors. The prime focus is placed on synthesis by exploring the relationship among the architecture of different resources of the computer system.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	528p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928882	Advanced Programming in Java2: Updated To J2SE6 with Swing, Servlet and RMI	K. Somasundaram	PaperBack	The book starts with the basic concepts of object oriented programming and a concise introduction to Java language and Java architecture. The classes, inheritance and abstract classes are explained with the help of programs. All chapters contain complete programs with outputs. In addition real life problems are stated and complete programs are given. Important points are highlighted and all chapters contain objective type review questions. Advanced chapters such as JDBC, Swing, Servlet and RMI will serve as resource material for professional programmers.Key Features of the book Clean and crisp description and explanation Complete program for each concept Hard to understand concepts are explained through appropriate conceptual diagrams Review questions and exercises for each chapter 234 complete programs 37 programs for real life problems 187 figures and 53 tables Updated to J2SE6 Textbook for MCA., M.Sc., B.E., B.Sc. and B.C.A. courses 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	836p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950021	Advanced Data Structures & Algorithms in C++	V.V. Muniswamy	PaperBack	Includes CD with Questions, Answers & QuizzesThis book is intended for a one-semester course on Data Structures & Algorithms in C++. It has been specifically designed to help students make the transition from a first course in programming to an integrated understanding of data structures and their applications. It includes a solid introduction to algorithms, an integral part of understanding data structures and uses C++ syntax and structure in the design of data structures.Key Features Focuses on simple explanations of techniques that can be applied to real-world problems Scope and presentation of material provide students with the knowledge necessary to do work in design, implementation, testing, on maintenance of any software systems Includes extensive illustrations and over 250 figures to augment the text Chapter summary, multiple-choice questions, review questions and exercises given at the end of each chapter 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	412p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950014	Fundamentals of C++ Programming	S. Subramanian	PaperBack	This book is intended for those learning C++ from scratch as well as for those who want to refresh concepts in C++. Prior programming knowledge is not required. Real life examples have been used to explain object oriented concepts. Questions frequently asked in exams, viva voce and interviews have been included for the benefit of the students.Key Features Content has evolved over a period of 6 years based on readers suggestions on the online tutorial Object oriented programming (OOP) concepts mapped with C++ Increased coverage of pointers and OOP Answers to frequently asked questions by students plus a separate Q & A chapter Includes workouts divided into logical, interview/viva, programming sections and crossword puzzles 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	576p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950106	Computer Graphics & Animation	M.C. Trivedi	PaperBack	Computer Graphics & Animation provides an introduction to the subject with detailed coverage of all topics, from basic principles to practical applications, and is suitable for a one-semester course. The book will also be suitable for a project-based introductory course on Computer Graphics.Key Features Provides detailed discussion of 2-D and 3-D concepts and techniques. Separate chapters on Multimedia and Animation have been included. A separate chapter has been added on Virtual Reality and Virtual Reality Modeling Language (VRML).  Summary and review questions have been included at the end of each chapter for better understanding of the concepts. 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	312p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950809	Visual Computing with Visual Basic	M.K. Sharma	PaperBack	This book explains special features of fundamental concepts of Visual Language Programming and use of Visual Basic, to program GUI applications. Each chapter provides lucid examples for better understanding of concepts. Numerous sample programs illustrate features and concepts of Visual Basic, for easy application.Key Features Explanation of fundamental concepts of Visual Language Programming and use of Visual Basic in GUI applications Includes advanced features such as ActiveX DLL and API Programming Self-assessment questions included at the end of each chapter 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	160p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172246501	Introduction to Artificial Neural Systems	Jacek M. Zurada	PaperBack	Artificial Neural Systems or neural networks are physically cellular systems which can acquire, store and utilize experimental knowledge. It helps the reader to understand the acquisition and retrieval of experimental knowledge in densely interconnected networks containing cells of processing elements and interconnecting links. The book also addresses the concepts of parallel machines that are able to acquire knowledge and the corresponding issues of implementation.	1994	Jaico Publishing House	790p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247229	Basic Circuit Analysis	K.V.V. Murthy & M.S. Kamath	PaperBack	The study of electrical engineering involves an understanding of the electrical phenomena that occur in different electrical devices and system operating over a wide spectrum of electrical parameters. This book provides a thorough understanding of the basic concepts, principles and techniques involved in circuit analysis. It discusses the classifications of elements constituting an electrical circuit, depending upon the various attributes of these elements. Two important and useful techniques viz. the mesh and node methods are discussed in detail. Systematic procedures for the formulation of the necessary equations are explained. The physical principles and mathematical analysis involved in understanding the transient phenoma in networks are discussed. Sinusoidal steady state analysis of networks, including three-phase systems form another important part of the book. Challenging problems at the end of each chapter make it an ideal self-contained text for undergraduate students. 	1998	Jaico Publishing House	790p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247745	Fundamentals of Logic Design	Charles H. Roth Jr.	PaperBack	This text was developed specifically to meet the needs of a self- paced course. The book provides basic mathematical tools needed to analyze and synthesize an important class of switching network. In addition to the standard reading material and problems, study guides and other aids for self study are included in the text. It is suitable for both engineering and computer science students. The text attempts to achieve a balance between theory and application. For this reason, the text does not over-emphasize the mathematics of switching theory; however it does present the theory which is necessary for understanding the fundamental concepts of logic design. After completing this text, the student should be prepared for a more advanced digital system design course which stresses more intuitive concepts like the development of algorithms for digital processes, partitioning of ditigial system into sub-systems, and implementation of digital systems using currently available hardware. 	1992	Jaico Publishing House	792p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247788	Operational Amplifiers & Linear Integrated Circuits	James Fiore	PaperBack	The goal of this book is to encourage the reader to become proficient in the analysis and design of circuits utilizing modern linear integrated circuits. It progresses from the fundamental circuit building blocks through to analog and digital conversion systems. A methodical step-by-step presentation introduces the basic idealized operational amplifiers and eventually examines practical limitations in great detail. Each chapter has a problem set and contains extended topic to present extra discussion and details about the subject.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	756p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247826	Modern Power Electronics	:e: B.K. Bose	PaperBack	Modern Power Electronics brings thorough coverage of modern power electronics equipment to those in industries: commercial, construction and aerospace. It provides the latest techniques and energy saving applications for working with power. The book starts with a very comprehensive tutorial section which reviews power electronics technology, integrating power semiconductor devices, different classes of converter topologies, PWM techniques and key power electronics application.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	608p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172248911	Digital Systems Testing And Testable Design	Miron Abramovici, Melvin A. Breuer & Arthur D. Friedman 	PaperBack	This textbook provides a comprehensive and detailed treatment of digital systems testing and testable design. It covers thoroughly both the fundamental concepts and the latest advances in this rapidly changing field, and presents only theoretical material that supports practical applications. Successfully used worldwide, this book is an invaluable tool for test engineers, ASIC and system designers, and CAD developers. 	2001	Jaico Publishing House	670p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172249829	Handbook of Electrical & Electronic Insulating Materials	W. Tillar Shugg	PaperBack	Handbook of Electrical and Electronic Insulating Materials provides comprehensive coverage of all commonly used insulating materials. Some of the invaluable features of this book are the hard-to-access chemistry and technology for each material presented; comparative properties and rankings of materials within a product group. This book is designed to save you hours of library research and reading time. Technology, methods of manufacture testing methods, developing programs, and market trends are the aspects covered in the classes of materials.	2002	Jaico Publishing House	616p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922537	Refrigeration & Air Conditioning	S.S. Thipse, Ph.D.	PaperBack	This book is a complete textbook for undergraduate students in mechanical engineering and will serve as a reference for postgraduate students and practicing engineers. The subject material covered in this book contains new topics relevant to the undergraduate curriculums of most universities. It is student-friendly, concise, with good illustrations and problem solving hints. The author has used his experience of teaching this subject in India and the US universities in designing this book. He has also made full use of his industrial consulting experience in the field of Refrigeration and Air Conditioning in making this textbook up-to-date with the current scenario in the field of RAC.Key Features Extensive coverage of RAC applications Up-to-date with recent advances in cryogenics Detailed discussion on RAC controls Explanation of latest RAC equipment including AHUs Revision of basic thermodynamics and heat transfer Complete and thorough coverage of all topics 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	560p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922561	Electronic Circuits	Dr. H.N. Shivashankar & B. Basavaraj	PaperBack	The author has used his wide experience and expertise to explain the concepts and fundamentals behind the development of analog electronic circuits in detail. The book is particularly useful for students who want to learn about electronic circuits for a career in electronics. This book covers the operation of BJT transistor circuits and op-amp circuits. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	310p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923134	8051 Microcontroller & Embedded Systems	Rajiv Kapadia	PaperBack	This book covers the basics of the 8051 architecture & embedded systems. It discusses the port system, the registers and the use of stack, external and internal memory management. The book will be useful for undergraduate students, and can be used by teachers as a quick reference source for practical applications, laboratory assignments, teaching aids, and exam questions. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923606	Basic Electrical and Electronics Engineering	Manoj Kumar, Sudhir Sharma & Jagjit Malhotra	PaperBack	This book is designed to meet the needs of first year students of degree engineering. It provides a comprehensive coverage of the course, and includes a large number of worked out examples, theoretical exercises and numerical problems. This book is divided into two parts. Part I is related to electrical engineering and part II, the electronics portion, deals with both theory and applications of the major semiconductor devices: diodes and transistors bipolar junction transistor (BJTs) and field-effect transistors (FETs) in both discrete and integrated-circuit (IC) form. In addition to the coverage of the application of semiconductor devices to digital logic circuits, established analog topics such as small-signal, operational, and power amplifiers are included.	2005	Jaico Publishing House	596p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245335	Basic Circuit Analysis	D.R. Cunningham & J.A. Stuller	PaperBack	The book features brief history of the development of electrical science and engineering, highlights the content and basic concepts of circuit analysis; provides 227 worked out examples and more than 1500 illustrations. The matter has been tested over a six year period at the university of Mussouri  Rolla and with professionals and executives. Improvisations and updates have been made to suit their needs. Emphasis has been made on problem solving based on underlying fundamental concepts and how to apply them. Thus, a practical orientation and applicability of each topic has been discussed to be able to relate to real life problems. 	1996	Jaico Publishing House	972p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924165	A Learners Guide to Fuzzy Logic Systems	Dr. K. Sundareswaran	PaperBack	The concept of fuzzy logic was conceived by Lotfi Zadeh, a professor at the University of California in Berkeley. His first paper on fuzzy sets in 1965 has motivated researchers and scientists to pursue their studies in this field. Fuzzy logic has emerged as an alternative method to conventional theory in dealing with systems where uncertainty exists. Such systems include engineering applications, economics, business, bio-medical applications etc. A Learners Guide to Fuzzy Logic Systems introduces the reader to uncertainty-related issues and illustrates the concept of fuzzy sets and operations in a systematic manner. Fuzzy reasoning, fuzzy logic design and numerous applications of fuzzy set theory, including neuro-fuzzy systems and fuzzy genetic algorithms are also covered.This book is primarily intended for undergraduate/postgraduate students and researchers to facilitate education in the ever-increasing field of fuzzy logic. It will also be suitable as a textbook for regular course work as well as for self-study. crowd. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	120p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927496	Digital Signals	Manish Pradhan	PaperBack	This book is an excellent reference from a theoretical and practical standpoint for any student of engineering pursuing the study of digital signal-image processing, digital audio-video processing and pattern recognition. It provides, in detail, the theory and applications behind the most important subjects in the above areas like digital & adaptive filters, frequency transforms, modulation methods, compression & packetization techniques, conditional access & security methods and cryptographic techniques. Working knowledge of industry standard applications that involve these subjects like voice recognition & identification, machine vision, finger-print recognition, SETTOP boxes, DVD players/recorders and cable modems is thoroughly covered. The divergence between desktop and embedded applications is also covered, with emphasis on both hardware and software.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	296p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928998	Handbook of VLSI Microlithography	:e: John N. Helbert	PaperBack	The Handbook of VLSI Microlithography gives engineers, scientists and technical workers in the Very Large Scale Integrated Circuit (VLSI) industry a close look at the entire technology of printing high resolution and high density integrated circuit (IC) patterns into thin resist process pattern transfer coatings including optical lithography, electron-beam, ion-beam, and X-ray lithography. The Handbooks main focus is the special printing process needed to achieve volume high density IC chip production, especially in the Dynamic Random Access Memory (DRAM) industry.The 13 contributors compare various lithography methods, including the three major patterning parameters of line/space, resolution, line edge and pattern feature dimension control. They explore the basics of resist technology including the first practical description of the relationship between the resist process and equipment parameters.The Handbook includes evaluations of alternative lithographic techniques and testing methods, including optical, scanning-electron-micro-scope (SEM) techniques and electrical test devices, along with explanations of actual printing tools and their design, construction and performance. The editor devotes an entire chapter to todays sophisticated, complex electron-beam printers, and to the emerging X-ray printing technology now used in high-density CMOS devices. Energetic ion particle printing is a controllable, steerable technology that does not rely on resist, and occupies a final section of the Handbook. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	1022p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925625	Problems & Solutions In Control System Engineering	S.N. Sivanandam & S.N. Deepa	PaperBack	This text provides problems and solutions of the basic control system concepts. It gives a broad and in-depth overview of solving control system problems.There are sixteen chapters in the book. Chapter 1 introduces the reader to automatic control systems. Chapters 2 to 12 contain problems involving feedback control theory and the frequency domain tools of control system design. Problems on non-linear systems and state space analysis are solved in chapters 13 and 14 respectively. Chapter 15 covers the discrete control system concept. The MATLAB based control system design toolbox and the solutions to the problems programmed in MATLAB environment are discussed in chapter 16.This book will be useful for all engineering disciplines that have control system courses in their curriculum. The topics included can be covered in two academic semesters. The main objective of the book is to enable the students to clearly understand the method of solving control system problems. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	790p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925196	Digital Signal Processing	N. Kesavamurthy & S. Narayana Iyer	PaperBack	Digital signals play a significant role in almost all engineering fields. The revolutionary changes in fields such as electrocardiography (ECG) and electroencephalogram (EEG) in medical imaging, radar, seismic signals, speech signals to name a few have been possible due to the advances made in digital signal processing technology.The objective of this book is to help the reader to understand clearly the analysis and the use of digital signal processing systems. Students studying the subject at the undergraduate level will find this book useful. It will also help the novice who prefers a self-study of the subject. Key features: Mathematical and physical interpretation included for clear understanding of basic principles Illustrative examples and numerous figures given in each chapter Includes over 500 exercise problems with answers Appendix includes tutorial on MATLAB 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	464p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925617	Operational Amplifiers & Linear Integrated Circuits	Rajiv Kapadia	PaperBack	This book is a bold new approach to teaching about linear integrated circuits from a designers point of view.. The study begins with the basics of the operational amplifier. In a simple and straightforward manner it guides the student to the final equation for the analysis of the op-amp circuit. The book also teaches the student how to use other linear integrated circuits such as the 555 timer, the phase locked loop, the linear and the switching voltage regulators. Key features: Complete analysis of op-amp circuits using ideal assumptions Each chapter includes a summary and review section. These two sections will be useful to the students as well as their teachers Includes discussion about designing and practical applications of various op-amp/linear integrated circuits Laboratory exercises at the end of each chapter. The students can complete these with minimal guidance from the instructor Includes a tutorial to PSPICE circuit analysis program and data sheets in the appendix	2006	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179925900	Fundamentals of Network Analysis & Synthesis	Behrouz Peikari	PaperBack	This book provides the advanced undergraduate and beginning graduate student in electrical engineering with a comprehensive treatment of the fundamental topics in network theory. The contents of the book are developed in such a manner that the only prerequisite for a course based on this text is an elementary knowledge of circuit analysis.Key features: Includes full coverage of analysis and synthesis of linear, time-invariant networks, as well as active, nonlinear, and time-varying networks. Exceptions and pitfalls are clearly pointed out, which are invaluable to new students trying to grasp and digest fundamentals Carefully chosen, well-placed examples help students master the subject  quickly and completely Optimized for fourth year undergraduate and first year graduate students 	2006	Jaico Publishing House	512p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926133	The Handbook of Brain Theory and Neural Networks	:e: Michael A. Arbib	HardBound	The Handbook of Brain Theory and Neural Networks presents the enormous progress made in recent years in the many subfields related to the two great questions: How does the brain work? and, How can we build intelligent machines?The book includes almost 300 articles covering the whole spectrum of topics in brain theory and neural networks. The first two parts of the book, prepared by Michael Arbib, are designed to help readers orient themselves in this wealth of material. Part I provides general background on brain modeling and on both biological and artificial neural networks. Part II consists of Road Maps to help readers steer through articles in part III on specific topics of interest. The articles in part III are written so as to be accessible to readers of diverse backgrounds. They are cross-referenced and provide lists of pointers to Road Maps, background material, and related reading.	2006	Jaico Publishing House	1134p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929001	Industrial Electronics for Engineers, Chemists, and Technicians	Daniel J. Shanefield	PaperBack	Turn to this multipurpose reference for a practical understanding of electronics in the factory or laboratory. Its perfect for people who are not electrical engineers but who need to use electronic equipment every day at work. Avoid or solve common problems in the use of electronics in the factory or lab and optimize the use of measurement and control equipment with this helpful resource!The guide is easy to understand by anyone who has taken a high school physics courseyet it provides quick, specific solutions for such electronics issues as feedback, oscillation, ground loops, impedance mismatch, noise pickup, and optimization of PID controllers.Use Industrial Electronics as a hands-on resource to handle typical electronics questions as they arise, as a self-study text to provide a broad background for understanding general electronics issues and design, or even for an instructor-led, on-the-job training course in shop or lab electronics. Because of the highly detailed explanations in the book, instructors themselves do not need to be experts. Of course, the volume is perfect for use as a textbook in college and vocational school courses. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	320p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929063	Semiconductor Materials and Process Technology Handbook	:e: Gary E. McGuire	PaperBack	There has been a major thrust throughout the semiconductor industry to establish the capability to process Very Large Scale (VLSIC) and Ultra Large Scale (ULSIC) Integrated Circuits, as well as Very High Speed Integrated Circuits (VHSIC). The goals of these integrated circuits are a natural evolution of current IC technology since the number of devices on a simple IC have nearly doubled every year for the past two decades.This handbook is a broad review of semiconductor materials and process technology, with emphasis on very large-scale integration (VLSI) and ultra large scale integration (ULSI). The technology of integrated circuit (IC) processing is expanding so rapidly that it can be difficult for the scientist working in one area to keep abreast of developments in other areas of the field. This handbook solves this problem by bringing together snapshots of the various aspects of the technology.	2008	Jaico Publishing House	690p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927212	Electrical Power Systems for Industrial Plants	Kamalesh Das	PaperBack	Electrical Power Systems for Industrial Plants is a unique book covering engineering practices relevant to industrial plants. The book discusses planning, design and engineering of electrical power systems and covers all aspects of electrical engineering.The subject of each chapter is discussed in a systematic manner. Technical concepts and practices, schematics, charts and worked out examples are used abundantly for purpose of clarity and to drive home the practical applicability of the concepts and engineering practices. Considering the rising cost of energy, special emphasis has been given to energy efficient power distribution network and equipment and machinery. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	560p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179927380	Problems & Solutions In Electric Circuit Analysis	S.N. Sivanandam, Ph.D. & S.N. Deepa	PaperBack	Problems And Solutions In Electric Circuit Analysis provides an extensive approach to problem solving in the basic principles of circuit analysis. It is a knowledge-based book that will help the reader to pursue further study in this discipline. The solutions to the problems are well-balanced for polytechnic colleges, engineering colleges and university level studies.There are seventeen chapters in the book. The topics included can be covered in two academic semesters. The main objective of the book is to enable the students to clearly understand the method of solving electric circuit problems. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	544p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929896	Signals & Systems	Rajiv Kapadia	PaperBack	This text provides comprehensive analytical treatment of Signals and Systems for the undergraduate students specializing in Electrical Engineering, Electronics and Communication Engineering, Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering. The book offers a balanced and integrated coverage of continuous-time and discrete-time forms of signals and systems. The concepts have been explained with the help of numerous solved examples. Key Features Exhaustive coverage of Laplace Transform, as well as Z Transform In-depth coverage on Discrete-time Fourier Transform, Discrete Fourier Transform Separate chapter on Transform of Time Domain Signals including Hilbert Transforms 	2009	Jaico Publishing House	480p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950045	Optical Networking in Telecommunication	S. Mukherjee	PaperBack	As networks face increasing bandwidth demand and diminishing fibre availability, network providers are moving towards a crucial milestone in network evolution: the optical network. This book has successfully dealt with all technology related issues like, how is an optical network different from existing networks, which network elements are required for optical networks, what applications do optical networks best suit, etc. The book explains the technologies, architectures, and market trends for emerging optical networks and is primarily designed for undergraduate and graduate students of Electronics & Telecommunications.Key Features Includes detailed discussion on topics like Wavelength Routing Plans, Optical Cross-Connect (OXC), Optical Fibre Capacity, Optical Power Measurements, Optical Transmitters & Receivers, SONET systems, etc. Separate chapter on markets for Optical Networks has been added Exhaustive coverage of Fibre Optic Communications and related technologies	2009	Jaico Publishing House	232p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950090	Optical Imaging	Manoranjan De	PaperBack	The book, written by a recognized expert in the field of optics, offers exhaustive coverage of optical imaging and image evaluation. Imaging has been explained with unique treatment, as transfer of information from object plane to image plane, using the concept of communication where the optical system acts as a channel of communication. The effect of aberrations on imaging systems as regard to image transfer has been discussed in detail. Different techniques of image assessment and their importance have also been considered.Key Features The book offers elegant presentation of the subject by a recognized expert in the field of optics The question of coherence, both temporal and spatial, has been discussed from the point of linearity of signal transfer Fourier transform has been used to analyse the optical signal, which is a function of space and time and has also been discussed in relation to time domain analysis in electronic communication	2009	Jaico Publishing House	126p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921921	Control Systems Theory with Engineering Applications	Sergey Edward Lyshevski 	HardBound	Control Systems Theory with Engineering Applications is an exceptionally complete and accessible text and reference for students, professional engineers, and scientists in automatic and nonlinear control. It is an ideal resource to bridge the gap between theory and practice for students and engineers. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	426p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179922812	Control Systems Theory with Engineering Applications	Sergey Edward Lyshevski 	PaperBack	Control Systems Theory with Engineering Applications is an exceptionally complete and accessible text and reference for students, professional engineers, and scientists in automatic and nonlinear control. It is an ideal resource to bridge the gap between theory and practice for students and engineers. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	426p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172240015	Automatic Control Systems	George J.Thaler	PaperBack	This book covers the basic requirements for control systems, which are accuracy, stability, and dynamic (transient) response. The book develops graphical procedures for constructing the frequency response for curves and the root loci and constitutes the basic material for a first course in linear feedback control theory. A menu-guided, very easy to use book, it provides convenience for the students to solve many homework problems with minimal effort.	1991	Jaico Publishing House	472p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241917	Introduction to Digital & Data Communications 	Michael Miller	PaperBack	Introduction to Digital and Data Communications provides general overview of data communications and deals with telephone system from the stand point of data transfer usage to electrical specifications and impairments. Details are provided on some common error-detection and error-correction methods used in data digital and network communication system. Elaboration on hardware of low speed data communications as interfaced through the telephone system is discussed adequately and phase shifts and quadrature amplitude modulation schemes have been covered as an extension of the basics of the data communication system. 	1994	Jaico Publishing House	456p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172245327	Principles of Communications	Zeimer & Tranter	PaperBack	This book provides in a single volume the whole of Communication Theory useful for students and professionals of telecommunications and computers. Retaining the essential and well accepted sections, the contents have been updated and revised with the addition of numerous examples; a large set of new problems; inclusion of point-by-point summary and fundamental topics such as satellite communication system, the subject of jamming and interference in spread spectrum communication systems.	1993	Jaico Publishing House	828p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247869	Environmental Encyclopedia	Editors  Cunningham, Cooper, Gorham & Hepworth	HardBound	Welcome to the second edition of the Gale Environmental Encyclopaedia! Almost everything in the world has some environmental significance, be it physical, chemical or the biological world that surrounds us. This giant encyclopaedia not only covers this natural world, but also the 'built' or technological environment as well as the cultural and social context that shapes human lives. Showing central concerns on environment science, it brings out questions like: How did the natural world come to be as it is? How does it work? It attempts to answer them from a variety of different perspective. The articles and definitions given depicts the importance of understanding our environment and our relation to it. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	2024p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921204	Encyclopedia of Environment & Pollution Control (4 Vol. Set)	Board of Editors	HardBound	Our environment can be defined as the physical, chemical, and biological world that surrounds us, as well as the complex of social and cultural conditions affecting an individual or community. This broad definition includes both the natural world and the built or technology environment, as well as the cultural and social contexts that shape human lives. This encyclopedia will help corporate professionals that face the responsibility of handling both environmental policy/issues and occupational safety issues within organizations.Volume 1:Plastic Wastes Management, Control, Recycling and Disposal Provides a technological review of the plastics industry, production and consumption statistics, definitions of major end use markets, and disposal paths for plastics.Volume 2:Medical Waste Management and DisposalThe results of EPA studies to characterize the types, numbers, and sizes of medical waste generators; and the types and amounts of regulated medical waste generated.Volume 3:Hazardous Materials and Waste ManagementIt provides an overview of both the technology and compliance requirements that will assist environmental managers in addressing facility management of hazardous wastes, pollution control, and waste minimization.Volume  4:Approaches to Implementing Solid Waste Recycling FacilitiesRecycling programs have to be responsive to public needs and provide legitimate environmental justification. Recycling and solid waste managers job is getting complex and challenging. This volume will provide a basis for the development of judgement that will be critical in recycling decision-making.	2003	Jaico Publishing House	4 Vol. Set	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179924734	Industrial Hygiene Engineering	John T. Talty	HardBound	This book provides an advanced level of study of industrial hygiene engineering situations. Emphasis is on the control of exposure to occupational health hazards. Primary attention is given to industrial ventilation, noise and vibration control, heat stress, and industrial illumination. Other engineering topics covered include industrial water quality, solid waste control, handling and storage of hazardous materials, personal protective equipment, and costs of industrial hygiene control. The creation of this text came out of an attempt to design a course to teach the fundamentals of industrial hygiene engineering as related to the design of controls for exposure to health hazards in the workplace.The first objective of this text is to provide a single reference source on the subject of industrial hygiene engineering and control. The second objective is to provide the reader with a systematic approach to problem solving in the field of industrial hygiene. Throughout the text, the systems approach to problem solving is emphasized. 	2005	Jaico Publishing House	854p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928981	Unit Operations in Environmental Engineering	Robert Noyes	PaperBack	The practical aspects of environmental technology are discussed in detail in this book. Each chapter deals with unit operations such as biological, chemical, physical, radiation and electrical technology besides others. Traditional technologies have been included, as well as those that can be considered innovative, and emerging. In addition, a number of technologies have been developed by combining processes directly, or in a treatment train, and these developments are expected to assume increasing importance. However, such concerns as uncertainties due to liability, regulatory approval, price competition, and client approval have limited the application of some of these newer technologies.The purpose of this book is not to describe commercial processes, but a number of proprietary processes are included in order to present additional information. The inclusion or exclusion of any commercial process bears no relationship to its comparative effectiveness in any environmental control situation. Also, various governmental and commercial organizations may use different nomenclature and terminology, for the same technology. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	516p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950007	Energy Opportunities & Social Responsibility	Satyesh C. Chakraborty	PaperBack	Energy is an indispensable resource that is required to run the economy and sustain the well being of people. The rapidly developing economies of Third World countries like China and India need to generate increasing amounts of energy as they grow. However, the situation has become complicated after discovery of the functional linkages between CO2 emission from fossil fuels like coal and petroleum. Hence, there is a global search for carbon free energy technology. Generation of energy is both a technological issue as well as a social commitment. The author has addressed these issues covering all major methods of energy generation. He believes that without social support, the technologists cannot derive effective gains from their discoveries. While dealing with each type of technology for generation, the reciprocity between theory and social response has been maintained throughout the book.Key Features Primary focus is on India and China, their research for increasing amounts of energy resources to meet the domestic demands Presents detailed discussion both on the conventional non-renewable sources, as well as on renewable sources of energy		Jaico Publishing House	388p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247796	Heat Transfer	James Sucec	PaperBack	This book is the product of the author's experience, teaching a course in heat transfer to engineering students. The theory makes interesting reading with detailed solutions to more than one hundred examples, mathematical solution techniques and experimental information needed to understand the heat transfer phenomena and to make quantitative predictions of temperatures, energy transfer rates and equipment sizes. The examples given here show some of the more significant and interesting applications of heat transfer. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	850p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247842	Heat Transfer Handbook	Nicholas P. Cheremisinoff	PaperBack	The Heat Transfer Handbook is a short, concise guide to solving heat transfer problems. As a compilation of design notes, equipment scale-up criteria, useful formulas and data, it will enable design analyses to be made aware of typical industrial problems concerned with heat transmission. Each section is organised into a concise set of notes, and detailed sample calculations are included to illustrate proper use of design methods. This is a book which will serve as a valuable study guide to students and process engineers in chemical and mechanical field. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	256p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247893	Dictionary of Mechanical Engineering	G.H.F. Nayler	PaperBack	The Dictionary of Mechanical Engineering provides clearly-written, easy-to-understand definitions for over 4,500 terms.In addition to covering the more traditional areas of the field, this new edition also defines the terminology of the rapidly advancing areas of small size mechanical engineering: micromachining and nanotechnology. Nomenclature used in the manufacture of composites has also been added.Extensively cross-referenced, the Dictionary is an indispensable desk reference for mechanical engineers worldwide. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	564p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241445	Hydraulic Engineering	Roberson, Cassidy & Chaudhry	PaperBack	This book has been purposefully suited for students of civil engineering and computational hydraulics at the graduate and undergraduate levels as well as professionals in the field of basic fluid mechanics and hydraulic engineering, i.e. for the civil engineers and builders. However, this book can also be chosen by all those who would like to independently pursue the area of computational hydraulics.The topics have been presented clearly and completely, enough to develop an in-depth understanding. To enhance the learning and grasping process liberal use of photos, computer programs, line drawings and examples have been made. While the basic fluid mechanics topics have been retained to provide continuity in the development of certain areas, such as open channel flow and flow in closed conduits, the reader will be able to use it in modern engineering practice with emphasis on fundamental principles and presentation of updated analytical procedures for solving problems.This book is based on notes successfully used over several years in the study course of hydraulic engineering at Washington State University. The material has been tested with feedback from experienced professionals of this field. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	672p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172241895	Hydraulics And Pneumatics	Andrew Parr	HardBound	Traditionally pneumatics and hydraulics are thought to be a mechanical engineers subject. In practice the techniques tend to be more akin to the ideas used in electronics and process control. This book has been written by a process control engineer as a guide to the operation of hydraulic and pneumatic systems. It is intended for engineers and technicians who wish to have an insight into the components and operation of a pneumatics or hydraulic system. The mathematical content has been deliberately kept simple with the aim of making the book readable rather than rigorous. 	1993	Jaico Publishing House	238p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247834	Thermodynamics	Robert Balmer	PaperBack	Thermodynamics is a very powerful engineering tool, yet it is often a conceptually difficult subject for engineering students. This book designed for a standard two-semester thermodynamics course covers the basic first and second laws of thermodynamics and their application to closed and open systems. A number of computer problems have been introduced throughout this text. Appendix included here provides a brief introduction to the etymology of some terms used with regard to this subject. 	1999	Jaico Publishing House	868p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244177	Valve Selection Handbook	R.W. Zappe	HardBound	This is a definitive guide to valve selection. It covers the fundamentals of valve construction and application, and analyzes the different hazards and requirements of all types of industrial fluid flow situations. This edition expands the coverage of pressure relief values and rupture discs and includes a new section on valve chatter which is a serious problem in installations such as atomic power plants where valve chatter could have catastrophic consequence to the safety of a plant. In addition, there is also information on performance of spring loaded pressure relief valves and a closer examination of valve selection with respect to rupture discs and explosion venting.	1995	Jaico Publishing House	360p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172244185	Centrifugal Pumps: Designs & Application	Val S. Lobanoff & Robert R. Ross	HardBound	Centrifugal Pumps : Designs and Applications offers practical, experience tested information on pump design criteria and application. The book includes chapters on vertical, double-case and chemical pumps. The topic of rotor dynamics has been expanded, particularly in the areas of bearing stiffness and damping, seal effects and the evaluation of critical speed calculations. A section is devoted to installation, operation and extending pump life with emphasis on bearing, lubricators, mechanical seal reliability and the external alignment of pump and driver. 	1995	Jaico Publishing House	592p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179923150	Mechanical System Design (2nd Edition)	S.P. Patil	PaperBack	There are a number of books dealing only with the design of machine elements and not machines, which are systems as a whole. To design a system or a machine, integration of the various principles of engineering such as thermodynamics, hydrodynamics, fluid mechanics, heat transfer and so on is very essential. This book presents the subjects of mechanical system design and automobile system design, which will help students to design a mechanical system as a complete machine. It will be useful for students studying at the undergraduate and post-graduate levels. 	2004	Jaico Publishing House	400p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921182	Handbook of Hydraulic Resistance	I.E. Idelchik 	HardBound	The Handbook has been composed on the basis of processing, systematization, and classification of the results of a great number of investigations published at different time. The essential part of the book is the outcome of investigations carried out by the author.The present edition of this Handbook should assist in increasing the quality and efficiency of the design and usage of indutrial power engineering and other constructions and also of the devices and apparatus through which liquids and gases move. 	2003	Jaico Publishing House	826p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179921980	Fluid Mechanics	Fomin, V.M., Kiselev, S.P., Vorozhtsov 	HardBound	This new text/reference presents the basic concepts and methods of fluid mechanics, including Lagrangian and Eulerian descriptions, tensors of stresses and strains, continuity, momentum, energy, thermodynamics laws, and similarity theory. The treatment fully utilizes the computer algebra and software system Mathematica( to both develop concepts and help the reader to master modern methods of solving problems in fluid mechanics.	2004	Jaico Publishing House	592p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179929186	Fluid Mechanics	Fomin, V.M., Kiselev, S.P., Vorozhtsov 	PaperBack	Fluid mechanics is a branch of science dealing with the study of flows of continua under the action of external forces. It has a rich history and unchanging core of materials but is constantly expanding and evolving as new methods, applications, and computational tools are developed.This new text/reference presents the basic concepts and methods of fluid mechanics, including Lagrangian and Eulerian descriptions, tensors of stresses and strains, continuity, momentum, energy, thermodynamics laws, and similarity theory. The models and their solutions are presented within a new context of the mechanics of multiphase media. The treatment fully utilizes the computer algebra and software system Mathematica to both develop concepts and help the reader to master modern methods of solving problems in fluid mechanics. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	592p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926214	Gas Dynamics And Space Propulsion	M.C. Ramaswamy, Ph.D.	PaperBack	Gas dynamics and space propulsion has become a core subject for students of mechanical engineering in many universities. Gas dynamics forms the basis for the study of aerodynamics. This book covers the basics of compressible fluid flow with fluid mechanics, thermodynamics and heat transfer principles. It discusses in detail gas dynamics under different flow conditions with and without heat transfer and friction.The subject has been made simple and easy to understand with practical applications, figures and graphs. Students studying the subject at the undergraduate level and also teachers will find this book to be a guide and good reference.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	360p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8179926222	Fluid Mechanics: Introduction & Applications	Raja Subramanian	PaperBack	Fluid mechanics is used in several fields of engineering, including aeronautics, astronautics, mechanical, automobile, civil, production and others. In this book the subject of fluid mechanics is presented in simple language. It covers the basic theory of fluid mechanics that is required for application in advanced research in fluid dynamics.The book can be used as a text by students studying the subject at the undergraduate level. It will also be useful as self-study or as a reference book in research activities in the fields of engineering.	2007	Jaico Publishing House	304p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928004	Internal Combustion Engines	S.S. Thipse, Ph.D.	PaperBack	This book on internal combustion (IC) engines is a part of the curriculum of mechanical engineering in major universities. It is the result of Dr. Thipses practical industrial experience and research work, besides teaching the subject for several years in different universities. The subject has been dealt with from all angles and is written in a concise, clear and logical manner. New trends and recent developments in the field of IC engines have been discussed in detail. The book includes solutions to a wide variety of numerical problems appearing in a diverse array of examinations.The book serves a dual purpose as it can be used by both students and engineers. It will serve as a textbook for engineering students studying the subject at the undergraduate level, while automotive engineers can use the book as a reference. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	788p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788179928370	Principles of Engineering Metrology	Rega Rajendra	PaperBack	Knowledge of measurement and instrumentation is of increasing importance in industry. Advances in automated manufacturing and requirement to conform to various standards have resulted in a large number of computerised and automated inspection techniques along with the classical metrology methods. Manufacturers have to find new ways of ensuring that the quality of their products and processes remains the best in the global market. The best way for the engineering sector to compete against industrialised nations is to focus on high-quality, value-added engineering. Principles of Engineering Metrology explains the salient features in dimensional metrology as per IS and ISO standards methods. It explains in detail the applications of form, position and orientation of various features with mathematical background and a good number of illustrations. The book is targeted as a guide to practicing engineers in dimensional metrology and students of mechanical engineering and production engineering. Dimensional metrology laboratories engaged in consultancy, as well as machining shops, and assembly units of mechanical components will also find this book useful. It will also be suitable to machine tool shops for preliminary studies. 	2008	Jaico Publishing House	604p	English			1	ZZZ000000
8172247737	Machine Component Design (Vol.I & II) 	William Orthwein	PaperBack	This book covers a wide range of topics providing an indepth information on Machine Design Components. It consists of 16 chapters which cover subjects like materials, hydraulics, shaft design, cams, lubrication etc. It also covers materials that is not included in other machine design text. The book includes many realistic design problems and offers solution to them. It displays flow charts and provides formulas, calculus, vector analysis and basic familiarity with numerical methods and computer programming that will enable students to analyse machine design programs.	1999	Jaico Publishing House	1034p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788184950786	Alternative Fuels	S.S. Thipse	PaperBack	Fuels are substances, which, when burned or consumed, produce energy. Fuels in use today are mostly derived from petroleum. Fuels, which are not derived from petroleum, are known as alternative fuels, since they provide an alternative source of energy. Alternative fuels include natural gas, propane, hydrogen, biofuels, alcohol and other fuels.This book will serve as a complete reference for students of several disciplines like thermal engineering, automotive engineering, mechanical engineering, chemical engineering and energy studies & engineering, where alternative fuels is offered as an elective. It will also serve as a valuable reference for practicing engineers and scientists, working in similar field.Key Features Provides detailed discussion on gaseous fuels, bio-fuels, synthetic fuels, reformulated conventional fuels and latest alternative fuel generation techniques Includes additional features on alternative power trains and alternative fuel roadmaps 	2010	Jaico Publishing House	524p	English			1	ZZZ000000
9788131505939	Enterprise Resource Planning	Singla		This textbook can be used by management and IT students, at both undergraduate and postgraduate levels, pursuing a course in ERP, enterprise applications system within MIS, and production and operations management. It will also be useful for teaching ERP application modules in SAP, Oracle EBS, and other ERP packages to IT professionals and functional consultants. The book is designed to give students a complete understanding about the role of ERP systems not only as a generic information system but also as a strategic information system. It comprehensively explains the role of extended ERP applications such as supply chain management (SCM), customer relationship management, and business intelligence. The book helps in building an effective value chain by explaining the role of applications such as data warehousing and data mining. Further, it will help students and ERP consultants in developing skills and knowledge needed to successfully plan, design, and implement ERP systems. The book explains the post ERP implementation issues such as stabilization and maintenance of ERP systems, the role of Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) tools and Service Oriented Architecture (SOA). The book includes several real life cases such as SAP and ONGC, Mahindra and Mahindra and mySAP implementation and examples to strengthen the theoretical model and practices in ERP implementation. Problems and application based exercises given at the end of the book can be solved to develop various capabilities in ERP systems.	2009-01-01	Cengage Learning India Private Limited						ZZZ000000
9788131509852	Integral Transforms	Biswal		Integral Transforms is designed to serve as a textbook for a single-term course for undergraduate students of engineering and physical sciences. Offering a clear, precise, and accessible presentation, this book gives students the support they need to master this subject. The book provides a comprehensive treatment of special functions, Fourier series, and all types of integral transforms. It provides detailed logical explanations of the theoretical foundations of integral transforms, which will help students in developing strong problem-solving skills. The text is supplemented with a large number of solved examples interspersed throughout the text to help students consolidate the understanding of the concepts and make their application to solve the problems in engineering and physical sciences.	2009-01-01	Cengage Learning India Private Limited						ZZZ000000
9788131509883	Advanced Control Theory: A Feed Back Approach	Majhi		Advanced Control Theory: A Relay Feedback Approach is primarily designed to serve as a textbook for specialized or elective courses in Control Systems Engineering offered by electrical, mechanical, chemical, process, and instrumentation engineering departments. The book can also be used as a supplementary text for Control Systems Engineering courses of B.Tech/B.E. programmes. Also, the book will prove useful to those involved in designing or tuning industrial controllers of process industries. The book aims to bring students abreast with applications of new developments in the field of process identification and automatic tuning of controllers. Pedagogical features such as high-quality illustrations, solved problems, exercises, and end-of-chapter summaries serve to make it a complete and comprehensive textbook.	2009-01-01	Cengage Learning India Private Limited						ZZZ000000
9788131509906	Engineering Mechanics	Manoj K. Harbola		Engineering Mechanics is designed to serve as a textbook for a single-semester undergraduate course on Engineering Mechanics. Beginning with a review of vector algebra and Newton?s laws, the book goes on to cover concepts of statics, such as equilibrium of bodies, plane trusses, friction, and the method of virtual work. This is followed by an extensive discussion of topics in dynamics, including momentum, work and energy, rotational dynamics, and harmonic oscillators. Written in an easy-to-understand manner, the book includes a large number of solved examples which illustrate problem-solving methodology. It contains an extensive set of end-of-chapter exercises. Both solved and unsolved problems show a good gradation of difficulty levels. A summary at the end of each chapter reviews the key concepts discussed.	2009-01-01	Cengage Learning India Private Limited						ZZZ000000
9788131510803	Strategic Management Accounting: Theory And Practice	Kumar		Strategic Management Accounting: Theory and Practice provides a broad social science framework to understand the subject of management accounting in organizational contexts. The framework would help the student understand the relationships between management accounting, organizations, and society. It is argued that such an understanding would help the student in pursuing meaningful research to generate knowledge useful to improve the practice of accounting.The book also provides the latest techniques of strategic management accounting incorporating results of several years of research. They represent the state of the market technology of strategic management accounting. A large number of exhibits have been incorporated to enrich understanding of these techniques. Each of these techniques is presented in a comprehensive manner to enhance understanding of relevant technical details and ends with a discussion on the related contemporary issues.First of its kind by an Indian author, the book is written for post-graduate and research students in the area of accounting, finance, and Control. It is also useful to those who are working in the Industry.	2009-01-01	Cengage Learning India Private Limited						ZZZ000000
9788175152793	Basis Administration for SAP	Kay Tailor Robert E. Parkinson		MASTER THE SKILLS YOU NEED MOST SAP Basis skills are in high demand today. This book's hands-on approach helps you maintain your competitive edge in a variety of SAP implementations. The challenges of supporting and administering R/3 greatly increase with each new release of SAP, but whether you're an SAP Basis consultant, manager, or administrator, this book helps you keep up with the latest technologies. BENEFIT FROM REAL-WORLD SCENARIOS Inside you'll find SAP R/3 screen captures that illustrate technical examples and concepts. This guide also includes custom spreadsheets and working templates to help you provide a more efficient and consistent SAP R/3 Basis support environment.	1999-01-01	Galgotia Publications						ZZZ000000
9780070057791	Data mining with neural networks,solving business problems--from application development to decision support	Joseph P. Bigus		readers will find concrete implementation strategies, reinforced with real-world business examples and a minimum of formulas, and case studies drawn from a broad range of industries. The book illustrates the popular data mining functions of classification, clustering, modeling, and time-series forecasting--through examples developed using the IBM Neural Network Utility.	1996	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070059405	Mission possible,becoming a world-class organization while there's still time	Kenneth H. Blanchard&Terry Waghorn&Jim Ballard		The author of The One Minute Manager presents an innovative new paradigm for improving one's existing organization while creating a replacement design for the future, explaining how and why corporate change is necessary to ensure the future of one's business.	1997	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070608399	Schaum's outline of theory and problems of intermediate algebra	Ray Steege&Kerry Bailey		Confusing Textbooks? Missed Lectures? Tough Test Questions? Fortunately for you, there's Schaum's Outlines. More than 40 million students have trusted Schaum's to help them succeed in the classroom and on exams. Schaum's is the key to faster learning and higher grades in every subject. Each Outline presents all the essential course information in an easy-to-follow, topic-by-topic format. You also get hundreds of examples, solved problems, and practice exercises to test your skills. This Schaum's Outline gives you Practice problems with full explanations that reinforce knowledge Coverage of the most up-to-date developments in your course field In-depth review of practices and applications Fully compatible with your classroom text, Schaum's highlights all the important facts you need to know. Use Schaum's to shorten your study time-and get your best test scores! Schaum's Outlines-Problem Solved.	1997	McGraw-Hill Professional						ZZZ000000
9780070632950	Multiplatform network management	Ed Taylor		Comprehensive, up-to-date reference for network managers who deal with more than one network platform. There is a special emphasis on the most widely used network platforms: HP's OpenView, Sun's SunNet Manager and IBM's NetView/6000.	1997	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070700178	The trust factor,liberating profits and restoring corporate vitality	John O. Whitney		What are the root causes of bureaucratic creep? Why do costs grow faster than revenues? Why does it take so long to introduce and lock in even a simple change? Why don't people in product design, marketing, sales, and manufacturing talk - much less listen - to each other? Why does the budget process exhaust managers, strangle innovation, and sub-optimize productivity and profits? In short, what on earth has gone wrong with the way American companies are being run today? The answer, says famed corporate turnaround specialist John O. Whitney, is institutionalized mistrust - the internal blight that's strangling virtually every aspect of corporate vitality and profitability. In his words, "Mistrust doubles the cost of doing business. An enterprise that is at war with itself will not have the strength or focus to survive and thrive in today's competitive environment". Now, in this groundbreaking book that is nothing less than a wake-up call for senior managers everywhere, Whitney explores how and why corporate mistrust evolves ... the large and small ways in which it poisons the corporate culture ... how it might be eliminated ... and the prognosis for the American economy if it is not! Among the subjects analyzed in detail are such root causes of mistrust as information that is biased, useless, or wrong; incompetence or the presumption of incompetence - whether in bosses, peers, or subordinates; the misalignment of measurements and rewards - an all-too-common state of affairs that pits people against one another and against the organization; an imperfect understanding of systems; and finally, a lack of integrity - whether it's caused by an individual violator or internal conditions thatneed to be changed. Drawing on first-hand experience with a wide range of American companies, Whitney offers concrete proposals on how to dismantle mistrust-breeding hierarchies and revamp the ways of recognizing, measuring, and rewarding performance. He also suggests radical changes for rooting out waste and complexity, while unleashing trust in everything from hiring to budgeting to streamlining the chain of command. The result is a book that is sure to be studied in the boardrooms of all forward-looking organizations in America today - a landmark blueprint for corporate teamwork, mobilization, and renewal.	1994	McGraw-Hill Professional						ZZZ000000
9780071008075	Process systems analysis and control	Donald R. Coughanowr		A thorough revision of the best-selling text on Process Dynamics and Control, the new edition features inclusion of the use of the digital computer in problem solving. The volume also contains seventeen fundamentals chapters. New end-of-chapter problems and examples have been added. PC-based software by Tutsim Products is packaged with the solutions manual.	1991	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071121712	Introduction to graphics communications for engineers	Gary R. Bertoline		Introduction to Graphics Communication for Engineers is a short introductory technical drawing text intended for use in technical drawing or drafting courses at two and four year schools or other technology programs. Powerful computers and CAD software are of little use to engineers who do not fully understand the fundamentals of graphics communication principles and 3-D modeling strategies, or do not possess a level of visualization ability. Because of this, Bertoline concentrates on the concepts and skills necessary to sketch and create 2-D drawings and 3-D CAD models in this text. This 2nd Edition of Introduction to Graphics Communication for Engineers will have more sketching and design principles. Bertoline also heightens the book's emphasis on teaching students the techniques and standards of communicating graphically, so that design ideas can be clearly communicated and produced. This book is part of the B.E.S.T. (Basic Engineering Series and Tools), which consists of modularized textbooks offering virtually every topic and specialty likely to be of interest to engineers. All the texts boast distinguished authors and the most current content. The goal of this series is to provide the educational community with material that is timely, affordable and of high quality. Now these BEST titles can be customized on-line to be sold to students either electronically or traditionally through bookstores.	2002	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071125543	Computer architecture and logic design	Thomas C. Bartee		Sound fundamental book on computer organization and architecture, hardware and logic design. 68030-68040-, 386-486-, cache and virtual memory, many other modern topics and latest advances in technology are covered.	1991-12-31	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071125680	Elements of dynamic optimization	Alpha C. Chiang		An in-depth exploration of dynamic optimization in Economics, written by the author of the best-selling FUNDAMENTAL METHODS OF MATHEMATICAL ECONOMICS. It can be used in sequence with FUNDAMENTAL METHODS, or independently, at the advanced undergraduate or a beginning graduate level. It is written at the same analytical level, with the same care, as the other Chiang text.	1992	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071125802	Applied mathematics for business, economics, and the social sciences	Frank S. Budnick		The text is intended for the combined two-semester finite math and calculus course, primarily for business, economics, and social and life science majors. This edition includes more preliminary material, new motivational scenarios, and an increased orientation toward using the computer as a tool for performing mathematical analyses (text-specific software available).	1993-06-01	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071148160	Heat and thermodynamics,an intermediate textbook	Mark W. Zemansky&Richard H. Dittman		This respected text deals with large-scale, easily known thermal phenomena and then proceeds to small-scale, less accessible phenomena. The wide range of mathematics used in Dittman and Zemansky's text simultaneously challenges students who have completed a course in impartial differential calculus without alienating those students who have only taken a calculus-based general physics course. Examples of calculations are presented shortly after important formulas are derived. Students see the solutions of problems related to the formulas. Actual thermodynamic experiments are explained in detail. The student sees the applicability of abstract thermodynamic concepts and formulas to real situations.	1997-03-01	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071152341	Fundamentals of Operations Management	Nicholas J. Aquilano&Richard B. Chase		This comprehensive new edition tackles the multiple aspects of environmental engineering, from solid waste disposal to air and noise pollution. It places a much-needed emphasis on fundamental concepts, definitions, and problem-solving while providing updated problems and discussion questions in each chapter. Introduction to Environmental Engineering also includes a discussion of environmental legislation along with environmental ethics case studies and problems to present the legal framework that governs environmental engineering design.	1998-07-01	McGraw-Hill School Education Group						ZZZ000000
9780071155861	Modern communication circuits	Jack R. Smith		This new edition combines material from the traditional electronic circuits course with communications theory. The revision focuses on three key areas: use of frequencies above 100MHz, use of digital receivers, and the use of SPICE for circuit analysis.	1998	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071157193	Bioremediation principles	Juana B. Eweis		The focus of this new text is the use of biological methods and processes for the remediation of contaminated soils and aquifers. Bioremediation is a rapidly changing and expanding area of environmental engineering, and this text emphasizes the characteristics of organic compounds and factors which make organics amenable to biological treatment. Engineers working in soil and groundwater remediation in general, and bioremediation in particular, must deal with exacting regulations, serious public health issues, and a great deal of uncertainty related to knowledge of actual conditions in subsurface systems. Professional judgement and integrity are the most important tools in solving most remediation problems. Bioremediation Principles will provide a technical foundation for understanding and applying bioremediation concepts rather than serve as a comprehensive handbook for system design.	1998-06-01	WCB/McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071158664	Perspectives in nutrition	Gordon M. Wardlaw&Paul M. Insel		Perspectives in Nutrition, Seventh Edition, is an introductory nutrition text appropriate for the majors and mixed-majors nutrition courses. This student-focused text presents the major concepts in nutrition including the body's use of food nutrients and diet planning throughout the life cycle. The text places special emphasis on the application of nutrition principles in everyday life by exploring the health consequences of nutrition practices.	1999	WCB/McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071159630	Psychology at work,an introduction to industrial and organizational psychology	Lilly M. Berry		With an analysis of human work behavior, this text addresses the issues of using psychology at work. A focus on the development of employees and organizational structure helps students understand how psychology is applied in the workplace. Organizational psychology is discussed as an area of I/O that focuses on social behavior, including the management of work groups and organizations. Students are presented with strategies for solving the "human problems of work" that result from environmental, technological, and social factors. Unlike other texts available for the I/O course, this book features thorough coverage of the field and applications, with pedagogical features to help the student understand more difficult concepts and provide a solid grounding for further study. Instructors will appreciate the research methods chapter.	1998-03	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071159845	Systems development case studies	M. Gordon Hunter		Intended to support a basic text in SAAndD; not a stand-alone text; Business school courses, attended by non-MIS majors; half of the students will not go on to be MIS majors, but need to understand the SDLC in a business context. This collection illustrates the various stages of the Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC); each stage is supported by several different case studies from a wide variety of organizations. This casebook will be independent of any specific textbook, but the author will include links to Irwin/McGraw-Hill SAAndD texts in the IM.	1998-05-01	Irwin/McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071162074	Air pollution control engineering	Noel De Nevers		This text covers the whole air pollution field, from an engineering perspective. The principal topics are control devices and their theory. The book uses many more examples than other texts to help the student see the magnitudes of important quantities and to show and practice the practical application of theoretical treatments presented. The other half is devoted to topics that form some of the background for the selection of such devices, i.e., air pollution effects, the structure of U.S. air pollution law, atmospheric models, etc.	2000-04-01	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071164290	Electromagnetics,with applications	John Daniel Kraus&Daniel A. Fleisch		In many schools this course has gone from a two-semester course to a one-semester course. In the fifth edition, transmission lines and other practical applications are addressed early in the text and the coverage of electrostatics is reduced to make this book suitable for a one-semester course. This text provides flexibility in that the core material is provided in the first five chapters with supplementary material that may be used as desired in the remaining chapters. This text is unique in having hundreds of real-world examples accompanied by problems of varying difficulty. Additionally, this book covers numerical techniques and contains useful computer programs and projects to afford students the opportunity to gain direct experience in the use of electromagnetic software and hardware. This text is accompanied by a website containing projects, recent developments in the field, and demonstrations of electromagnetic principles.	1999	WCB/McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071166454	Industrial organization,a strategic approach	Jeffrey Church&Roger Ware		Through an effective blend of analysis and examples this text integrates the game theory revolution with the traditional understanding of imperfectly competitive markets.	2000-05-01	Irwin McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071168793	Principles of surgery : companion handbook	Schwartz		Pocket-sized, designed for your quick reference, fully referenced to the new 7th edition of Schwartz. Emphasis is on diagnosis and surgical management including the latest advances in surgical technique and technology.	1999-07-01	McGraw-Hill Education						ZZZ000000
9780071181518	Fourier series and boundary value problems	James Ward Brown&Ruel V. Churchill		This text is designed to be an introduction to Fourier series and their applications to boundary value problems in partial differential equations of engineering and physics. It will primarily be used by mathematics students with a background in ordinary differential equations and advanced calculus. There are two main objectives of this text. The first is to introduce the concept of orthogonal sets of functions and representations of arbitrary functions in series of functions from such sets. The second is a clear presentation of the classical method of separation of variables used in solving boundary value problems with the aid of those representations. This book has been published by McGraw-Hill since 1941.	2001-01-01	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071181839	Digital communications	John G. Proakis		The text is flexible and can easily be used in a one semester course or there is enough depth to cover two semesters. Its comprehensive nature makes it a great book for students to keep refer to in their professional careers. This best-selling book in Digital Communications by John G. Proakis has been revised to reflect the current trends in the field. Some of the topics that have been added include Turbocodes, Antenna Arrays, Iterative Detection, and Digital Cellular Systems. Also new to this edition are electronic figures for presentation materials found on the website.	2001	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071203449	Hurst's the Heart,Self Assessment and Board Review	David R. Ferry		* Over 650 questions written in board exam format * Follows the organization of Hurst's THE HEART * Every question keyed to corresponding chapter in Hurst's THE HEART * Increased amount and variety of illustrations * New questions designed to test clinical judgment * Quick and easy access to the information you need	2002-01-25	McGraw-Hill Education						MED010000
9780071210287	Communication systems,an introduction to signals and noise in electrical communication	A. Bruce Carlson&Paul B. Crilly&Janet C. Rutledge		* Covers the three major areas: signal and system analysis, analog communication, and digital communication * Emphasis on HDTV, LANs, WANs, satellite (iridium) telephone systems to address changes in professional arena * Features examples and exercises within each chapter, helping to master new concepts as they are introduced	2002	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071238199	Advanced financial accounting	Richard E. Baker&Valdean C. Lembke&Thomas E. King		The Sixth Edition of Advanced Financial Accounting, by Baker/Lembke/King continues its strong coverage of the topics, its well-known clarity of presentation, and its integrated coverage based on continuous case examples. The text is highly illustrated with complete presentations of worksheets, schedules, and financial statements so that students can see the development of each new topic. In the chapters covering consolidation subsequent to the date of combination, the three alternative methods of the parent company's accounting for the investment-basic equity, cost, and fully adjusted equity-are presented in each chapter and appendices to provide the opportunity to cover the differences in the methods, and to see how the consolidated financial statements are the same regardless of the method the parent company uses to account for the investment. The two international chapters include a comprehensive discussion of accounting for foreign currency derivatives and other forms of derivatives such as interest swaps and options used in today's business arena.	2005	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071238236	Fundamental methods of mathematical economics	Alpha C. Chiang&Kevin Wainwright		It has been twenty years since the last edition of this classic book. Kevin Wainwright (British Columbia University and Simon Fraser University), a long time user of the text, has executed the perfect revision: he has updated examples, applications and theory without changing the elegant, precise presentation style of Alpha Chiang. Readers will find the wait was worthwhile.	2005	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071239837	Jawetz, Melnick and Adelberg's Medical Microbiology	George F. Brooks&Janet S. Butel&Stephen A. Morse		The classic text on the medical aspects of medical microbiology! This comprehensive and authoritative text covers the basic and clinical aspects of microbiology. Thoroughly updated and revised, this edition continues to focus on the microbiology concepts that are essential to the diagnosis of clinical infections. Features review questions in USMLE format at the end of each chapter as well as a clinical correlations chapter that offers case studies focusing on the differential diagnosis and management of microbial infections.	2004-06-01	McGraw-Hill Education						ZZZ000000
9780071239936	Microbiology : Pretest Self-Assessment And Review	James D. Kettering		"This small portable review book is a good resource for medical students and residents. It is not overly large, bulky or expensive. The test format of the questions makes a good review. As an individual who teaches and practices medical microbiology, I found the material challenging and the questions well designed to make students think. The answers are also explanatory and enhance the learning/review function by explaining why certain answers were incorrect. Overall, this is a good review book and I would recommend it to students. 3 Stars."--"Doody's Review Service." . This one-of-a-kind test prep guide helps you to test your knowledge of essential microbiology concepts; practice with 500 USMLE Step 1-style questions with referenced answers; review explanations for right and wrong answers; and build confidence, skills, and knowledge..	2004-12-01	McGraw-Hill Education						MED052000
9780071241335	Current Geriatric Diagnosis and Treatment	C. Seth Landefeld&Robert Palmer&Mary Anne Johnson&Catherine Bree Johnston&William Lyons		The most up-to-date source of clinically focused information on the medical care of the increasing elderly population. This text features relevant diagnostic and treatment content needed by every provider of healthcare to older adults. The text covers the major diseases and disorders of the elderly with particular attention to the care of the elderly.	2004-06-14	McGraw-Hill Education						MED058060
9780071244763	Database system concepts	Abraham Silberschatz&Henry F. Korth&S. Sudarshan		Database System Concepts, 5/e, is intended for a first course in databases at the junior or senior undergraduate, or first-year graduate, level. In addition to basic material for a first course, the text contains advanced material that can be used for course supplements, or as introductory material for an advanced course.The authors assume only a familiarity with basic data structures, computer organization, and a high-level programming language such as Java, C, or Pascal. Concepts are presented as intuitive descriptions, and many are based on the running example of a bank enterprise. Important theoretical results are covered, but formal proofs are omitted. In place of proofs, figures and examples are used to suggest why a result is true.The fundamental concepts and algorithms covered in the book are often based on those used in existing commercial or experimental database systems. The aim is to present these concepts and algorithms in a general setting that is not tied to one particular database system. Details of particular commercial database systems are discussed in the case studies which constitute Part 8 of the book.The fifth edition of Database System Concepts retains the overall style of prior editions while evolving the content and organization to reflect the changes that are occurring in the way databases are designed, managed, and used.	2006	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071247108	Unit operations of chemical engineering	Warren L. McCabe&Julian C. Smith&Peter Harriott		******Recently Published!******Unit Operations of Chemical Engineering, 7th editioncontinues its lengthy, successful tradition of being one of McGraw-Hill's oldest texts in the Chemical Engineering Series. Since 1956, this text has been the most comprehensive of the introductory, undergraduate, chemical engineering titles available. Separate chapters are devoted to each of the principle unit operations, grouped into four sections: fluid mechanics, heat transfer, mass transfer and equilibrium stages, and operations involving particulate solids.Now in its seventh edition, the text still contains its balanced treatment of theory and engineering practice, with many practical, illustrative examples included. Almost 30% of the problems have been revised or are new, some of which cover modern topics such as food processing and biotechnology. Other unique topics of this text include diafiltration, adsorption and membrane operations.	2005	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071259224	Introduction to environmental engineering	Mackenzie Leo Davis&David A. Cornwell		Introduction to Environmental Engineering, 4/e contains the essential science and engineering principles needed for introductory courses and used as the basis for more advanced courses in environmental engineering. Davis and Cornwell apply the concepts of sustainability and materials and energy balance as a means of understanding and solving environmental engineering issues. With 650 end-of-chapter problems, as well as provocative discussion questions, and a helpful list of review items found at the end of each chapter, the text is both a comprehensible and comprehensive tool for any environmental engineering course	2008	McGraw-Hill Companies						ZZZ000000
9780071259309	Organizational behavior	Fred Luthans		Organizational Behaviorby Fred Luthans was the first mainstream organizational behavior text on the market and continues the tradition of being the most current and up-to-date researched text today. Well known author Fred Luthans is the 5th highest Publisher in Academy of Management Journals, is a senior research scientist with the Gallup Organization, and continues to do research in the organizational behavior area.Organizational Behavior 11th Editionis ideal for instructors who take a research-based and conceptual approach to their OB course.	2008	McGraw-Hill/Irwin						ZZZ000000
9780071289399	Organizational Behavior	Luthans		Organizational Behavior by Fred Luthans was one of the first mainstream organizational behavior texts on the market and continues the tradition of being the most current and up-to-date researched text today. Well-known author Fred Luthans is the 5th most prolific Publisher in Academy of Management Journals and a senior research scientist with the Gallup Organization, who continues to do research in the organizational behavior area. The Twelfth Edition of Organizational Behavior is ideal for instructors who take a research-based and conceptual approach to their OB course.	2010	McGraw-Hill Education						ZZZ000000
9780071409810	The architect's portable handbook,first-step rules of thumb for building design	Pat Guthrie		* Compiles all the rules of thumb and referenced facts to provide a convenient, one-stop resource for builders and architects* Updated to include new cost information and coverage of the latest International Building and NFPA (National Fire Protection Association) Codes* Hundreds of diagrams, charts, tables, checklists, details, and other design data for building materials, components, and assemblies* Structured to follow typical job progression, this resource covers initial planning and estimating through design and construction	2003-11-01	McGraw-Hill Professional						ZZZ000000
9780071416399	Portable electronics product design and development,for cellular phones, PDAs, digital cameras, personal electronics, and more	Bert Haskell		- Offers a clear roadmap of the design process: interfaces, chip elements, storage, power, packaging, and more- Includes case studies from landmark products: camcorders, digital cameras, and cell phones- Key tradeoffs in component and system selection	2004-01-26	McGraw-Hill Professional						ZZZ000000
9780071421607	Designers on designers,the inspiration behind great interiors	Susan Kim Gray		"Great design doesn't exist in a vacuum, and" Designers on Designers "proves that behind every bright idea is a startling inspiration. Susan Gray lets the world's top designers tell their own stories about who and what influenced their work. The result is funny and poignant, wry and informed. And truly inspired." -- Mitchell Owens, ELLE Decor "The personal inspiration we gain from others in our field makes for fascinating and thought-provoking reading. I love seeing what my colleagues have learned from others; my own experience has been expanded by their insights."-- Michael Graves, Architect and Product Designer In these pages, you will discover how Orlando Diaz-Azcuy's admiration for the work of John Dickinson led to his firm's perennial quest for design perfection. Married designers Ashley and Allegra Hicks disclose an intimate view of Ashley's father, David Hicks, Britain's most celebrated interior designer -- who was so obsessed with design that he checked himself out of the hospital while dying because of the overabundance of plastic and the nurses' unappealing apparal. For contrast, Cuban-born, multi-talented Manhattan designer Vincente Wolf offers a different and distinctive view of David Hicks's great appeal. You will share Bunny Williams's appreciation of Sister Parish and that designer's comfortable, timeless, and witty sense of style. New York society decorator Thomas Jayne gives you new insight into the Edith Wharton and Ogden Codman classic "The Decoration of Houses," still used as a textbook a century after its original publication. Open this book and meet masters of design -- Billy Baldwin, Donald Deskey, Dorothy Draper, Elsie de Wolfe, Philippe Starck, Michael Taylor, Rose Cumming -- and their admirers Thomas Britt, William Sofield, Carleton Varney, Suzanne Rheinstein, John Stefanidis, and more than a dozen other great names of interior design. With color, wit, and passion, "Designers on Designers" sensuously captures the essence, soul, and inspiration of the mastery of interior design. On designers and by designers, it is a sumptuous work that architects, amateur decorators, and designers themselves will be powerless to resist. THE GREAT on THE GREAT: Pamela Banker on Sir John Soane Mattia Bonetti on Jean Royere Thomas Britt on Billy Baldwin Robert Couturier on Germain Boffrand, Eileen Gray, and Emilio Terry Elissa Cullman on Henry Francis du Pont Orlando Diaz-Azcuy on John Dickinson Jamie Drake on Stephane Boudin Arthur Dunnam on Jed Johnson Ronald A. Grimaldi on Rose Cumming Ashley and Allegra Hicks on David Hicks Thomas Jayne on Edith Wharton and Ogden Codman's "The Decoration of Houses"Pauline Metcalf on Frances Elkins Juan Pablo Molyneux on Jacques-Ange Gabriel Juan Montoya on Jean-Michel Frank Roberto Peregalli on Renzo Mongiardino Suzanne Rheinstein on Elsie de Wolfe Betty Sherrill on Eleanor Brown Marjorie Shushan on Kalef Alaton William Sofield on Donald Deskey John Stefanidis on Philippe Starck Carleton Varney on Dorothy Draper Bunny Williams on Sister Parish Ron Wilson on Michael Taylor Vincente Wolf on David Hicks	2003-10-13	McGraw-Hill Professional						ZZZ000000
9780079132413	Lotus Notes and Domino network design	John P. Lamb&Peter W. Lew		This book describes in detail how to design a Lotus notes network for effective database distribution, replication, mail routing, bandwidth management, & connection to outside domains. Special features include coverage of Lotus Web Navigator Browser, Domino, & how Lotus Notes uses Java technology; & a separate appendix on Lotus Notes Release 5.	1998	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780814403716	How champions sell	Michael Baber		Every salesperson would like to join the league of champions, that top 1% of selling stars who bring in over half the total sales at many companies. And now they can, with this powerful guide that uncovers the secrets of the selling elite.How Champions Sell sets forth 27 strategies and 1,000 sales improvement ideas that everyone -- from beginners to seasoned pros -- an use to sell like a champion. Each chapter shares diagnostic exercises that help readers select, customize, and incorporate each strategy to their own situation. They'll learn how to: - provide great value to customers- distinguish themselves from the competition- position themselves powerfully -- act like a champion and be a champion- have a positive personality- use "new business development" techniques to generate new business and sales -- and more!According to Baber, sales champions "embark on a 'mission' of improving customer service and delivering higher quality and perceived value, even when others think it impossible. Customers believe what champions sell is much more helpful or profitable to them than what their competitors sell, regardless of the price". For anyone looking to join the elite 1% of selling stars, this book provides sure entry -- and a guaranteed championship selling season!	1997-05-08	AMACOM						ZZZ000000
9780814404171	Negotiating business equipment leases	Richard M. Contino		From the hands-down expert on equipment leasing, here is a book that coaches prospective lessees through every critical phase of a lease negotiation -- and enables them to get the best possible deals.Experienced and novice negotiators alike will benefit from the crucial information in this book, including: insider secrets lessors don't want known-- when a lessee's bargaining leverage is highest-- what never to say to a lessor-- the best way to create a winning leasing strategy, and much more.For businesses considering leasing equipment (and 9-out-of-10 American companies do lease their equipment), this personal lease advisor is a must.	1998-03-30	AMACOM						ZZZ000000
9780814404225	Will the real boss please stand up?,taking your administrative career to the next level	George-Anne Fay		The times they are a-changing. And the roles of secretaries and administrative assistants are changing along with them. As a result of today's management-reduced, downsized, organizations, a new breed of assistant is evolving -- one with many of the same responsibilities as a middle manager.Assistants who want to boost their careers will make the most of this situation, using it to flex their muscles, take on new challenges, gain greater respect, and reposition themselves in their organization. This upbeat book shows them how to do it with guidance that will help them to: become indispensable to their bosses-- use office politics to their advantage-- delegate work ... to their supervisors!-- transform stress into positive "get-things-done" energy-- manage multiple bosses-- build successful working relationships-- supervise peers-- survive downsizing-- develop the confidence and authority for leadership-- advance their careers, increase their paychecks, and more.	1998-05-14	AMACOM						ZZZ000000
9780814423622	Beyond customer satisfaction to customer loyalty,the key to greater profitability	Keki R. Bhote		It is no longer enough to concentrate on customer satisfaction; companies must graduate to customer loyalty. This Management Briefing identifies the four stages of a company's evolution toward building lasting customer loyalty, and it summarizes the key management principles that must guide the transition. The book also provides a seven-step roadmap and audit to help readers: - increase customer retention rates and convert one-time buyers into lifelong customers- achieve a breakthrough profit improvement by concentrating on customer loyalty- make employee empowerment real, not just a fad or slogan.	1996	American Management Association						ZZZ000000
9780814423653	The computer time bomb,how to keep the century date change from killing your organization	Minda Zetlin		This report couldn't be more timely -- because the countdown is on! Unless a solution is found to the century date change dilemma ("Y2K" to those fluent in computer lingo), on January 1 of the year 2000, computer systems all over the world might fail -- bringing catastrophe and ruin to many businesses.So, while IT experts scurry to prevent it, this book shows how, with careful planning and preparation, organizations can minimize the damage and avoid disaster. Using the information it presents (including a detailed case study of how The Prudential is handling the problem), readers will be able to: -- organize a team to deal with the year 2000 problem-- conduct triage to decide which systems are vital-- predict how much it will cost to fix the problem (with tips for keeping it as low as possible)-- survive (and even benefit from) the chaos, and more.	1998	American Management Association						ZZZ000000
9780814479278	Get it together by 30,and be set for the rest of your life	Richard D. Thau&Jay S. Heflin		Getting it together by 30 doesn't mean being rich by 30. It means being on a career trajectory that will bring a lifetime of success and satisfaction -- or riches and fame, if that's what you want. And planning is the key.Get it Together by 30 helps readers plan wisely -- and early. It explains everything they need to choose and start a career, beginning with making the transition from college to a job market that's tougher than ever. Packed with real-life experiences and humorous anecdotes, this practical guide supplies invaluable information on topics such as: - getting internships - networking - resumes and cover letters mental preparation building a career electronically temping - interviewing - handling an offer - the art of self-promotion - and behaving on the job."A lot of people start their careers off incorrectly, and never have a chance to make it at all, let alone by 30", caution authors Thau and Heflin. "They don't take advantage of obvious opportunities, they neglect the small details that impress others, and they lack the necessary confidence to get ahead. So when 30 rolls around, they're nowhere near where they should be".For career-minded individuals with the foresight to plan early, Get it Together by 30 can help them get on the right path -- and follow it all the way to the bank!	1997-04	Amacom						ZZZ000000
9780070580329	Signaling system #7	Travis Russell		Focusing on SS7--the series of protocols that form the underlying basis of all telecommunications networks--this updated and expanded edition explains the new International Telecom Union (ITU) standards issued by the global telecom authority; new broadband standards; and major new SS7 issues such as local number portability, a sought-after feature that permits people and businesses to keep the same phone number even if they move.	1998	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070622005	The digital economy,promise and peril in the age of networked intelligence	Don Tapscott		In this eagerly awaited follow-up to his best-selling Paradigm Shift, global IT expert Don Tapscott answers the one question that burns on the mind of every forward-looking executive and manager: What does the new technology mean to me and my business? In clear, jargon-free English, using actual examples of leading-edge organizations who are successfully riding the new IT wave, Don Tapscott reveals how the new technology and business strategies are transforming not only business processes but also the way products and services are created and marketed, the structure and goals of the enterprise, the dynamics of competition, and all the rules for business success. But the remarkable journey doesn't end there. The Digital Economy also takes you to the epicenter of a new convergence of computing, telecommunications, and entertainment. From Wal-Mart's electronically linked purchasing systems to Sun Microsystem's desktop university to Chase Manhattan Bank's consumer video kiosks, and beyond, it discloses how results-hungry organizations are moving past simple reengineering to the complete IT-enabled transformation of the corporation. The Digital Economy also tackles the dark side of the information highway - the first frank, balanced, and comprehensive look at the perils of the revolution underway for every business, society, and individual. With this book Tapscott opens an international debate on the role of business in the transition to the new economy and a new society based on fairness, justice, and democracy.	1996	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071132787	Engineering experimentation,planning, execution, reporting	Ernest O. Doebelin		This text presents an organized treatment of all the methods and tools used in engineering experimental work. The treatment of statistics software enables the reader to use any of the common software packages and there is an emphasis on experimentations as	1995-06-01	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071153423	Econometric methods	Jack Johnston&John DiNardo		The authors include a detailed appendix on basic statistical theory for those needing a refresher but the bulk of the book deals with the methods of econometrics and its practice. A disk is included that contains US economic data applications.	1997	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071263788	Digital communications	John G. Proakis&Masoud Salehi		No further information has been provided for this title.	2008-01-01	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071362429	DotCom divas,E-business insights from the visionary women founders of 20 net ventures	Elizabeth Carlassare		In Dotcom Divas, prepare to meet some of the most talented, energetic, and visionary Internet entrepreneurs who ever plunged into the e-business revolution. And, oh, by the way -- they're all women. Industry insider, Elizabeth Carlassare, introduces readers to the inspiring women founders of 20 Internet companies, including LookSmart, EDGAR Online, E-Loan, RightWorks, and Marimba. In Dotcom Divas, these Internet pioneers reveal their hard-won business wisdom and practical advice -- invaluable insights for Internet professionals and entrepreneurs alike.	2001	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780071363426	Winning PR in the wired world,powerful communications strategies for the noisy digital space	Don Middleberg		No industry has been affected more permanently and positively by the Internet than public relations. Winning PR in the Wired World brings everyone from the CEO to the director of marketing up to cyberspeed by teaching them everything they need to know about PR in the new digital economy. Readers will learn how to implement communications guru Don Middleberg's four fast "rules" to successful PR: 1) Speed Wins, 2) Everyone Is Now an Entrepreneur, 3) The World Ends Every 120 Days, and 4) Buzz Is Everything. Middleberg then breaks his rules down in detail and expands on them, offering his keen insight into the marketplace of today and tomorrow.Winning PR in the Wired World analyzes how traditional PR has changed--discussing what's new, what works, and what doesn't--and provides insight and advice on how to make offline and online PR work together for effective campaigns. This groundbreaking guide takes a practical look at powerhouse companies that have implemented effective PR campaigns on the Web, including Amazon.com, Britannica.com, Victoria's Secret, Nike, and CDNow.Don Middleberg is the chairman and CEO of Middleberg Euro, the fastest-growing public relations agency in the country for the past two years, with offices in New York, San Francisco, and Boston. A leader in public relations and marketing, Middleberg is widely considered to be among the elite communications professionals in digital public relations. A noted author and lecturer, he is coauthor	2001	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780814478790	Cybermarketing	Len Keeler		This invaluable roadmap to the vast opportunities in marketing is divided into three main sections: Cyber-Tools examines the various tools available; Cyber-Tasks explains how specific marketing tasks can be performed and enhanced; and Cyber-Opportunities explores strategies that integrate the new technologies with marketing tasks to pursue attractive opportunities. Illustrations.	1995	AMACOM						ZZZ000000
9780873893879	The certified quality manager handbook	American Society for Quality. Quality Management Division&Quality Management Division		Organized according to the Body of Knowledge and using the 1999 MBNQA criteria, the handbook assists individuals preparing to take the Certified Quality Manager's Examination. The 49 chapters are arranged in eight parts -- quality standards, organizations and their functions, quality needs and overall strategic plans, customer satisfaction and focus, project management, continuous improvement, human resource management, and training and education. A glossary rounds out the book.	1999-07	ASQ Quality Press						ZZZ000000
9780070077935	Projects, 7/E	Prasanna Chandra		Projects presents the entire gamut of capital budgeting. The book discusses the key principles and techniques for evaluating capital expenditure proposals, as well as strategic, qualitative and organizational considerations impacting capital budgeting decisions. Further, it suggests ways of improving project appraisal and capital budgeting practices, and also describes and evaluates business practices in various areas.Highlights of the seventh edition:* Substantial revision of nine chapters* Fifteen new sections* Four new mini cases* Online solutions manual and power point slides for instructors and spreadsheets for students.	2009	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070139503	Closing The Innovation Gap	Estrin		Estrin calls this dynamic the Innovation Ecosystem, explaining how these communities work together to create sustainable innovation. This book covers America's role as the primary driver of global innovation after World War II-- explaining what worked, the subsequent decline, and how to regain traction; the fundamentals required to nurture innovation, including five simple but important values for transforming your organization into a force for productive change; and how you can ensure that your business benefits from a thriving Innovation Ecosystem.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070139572	Performance Leadership	Buytendijk		This book challenges conventional wisdom on the best practices in performance management. This new approach works to predict and improve organizational behavior to create strategic alignment, and to maximize business performance inside and outside the organization. The author introduces his unique approach to performance management and provides a practical Performance Leadership Framework to show how companies can build a common purpose, effectively bridge conflicting objectives, and achieve results through all stakeholders.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						BUS071000
9780070139800	India Arriving	Dossani		Once the jewel in the crown of the formidable British Empire, India has been surrounded by myth for years. Author Rafiq Dossani goes beneath the veil surrounding India and explores the many ways it has begun to emerge onto the world stage. He explores its birth as an independent nation and forces like political shifts, social reform, and education that have helped to shape a new India. Honest and revelatory, India Arriving provides a deeper understanding of a country that promises to be the next major player in the world economy.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						POL033000
9780070140639	Language Of Emotional Intell	Segal		It's no secret that emotional intelligence plays a crucial role in relationships. But how to apply these specialized skills in everyday life? It's easy--with this practical, ready-to-use guide by a renowned expert in the field of emotional intelligence and communication.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070140646	When Markets Collide	El-Erian		This book is a timely alert to the fundamental changes taking place in today's global economic and financial systems--and a call to action for investors who may fall victim to misinterpreting important signals. While some have tended to view asset class mispricings as mere noise, this compelling book shows why they are important signals of opportunities and risks that will shape the market for years to come.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070140677	Grown Up Digital	Tapscott		This book reveals how the digital world created a generation that thought, played, and related to their world in a way radically different from that of their parents. Tapscott investigates how this dynamic generation is redefining today's workplace, marketplace, schools, family, and governments by looking at how they learn and work, and what power and influence they hold.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070140714	9 Elements Of Family Business	Fishman		A Practical Formula for Meeting the Challenges of Running a Family Business. A familyowned enterprise involves unique management, compensation, hiring, and other business issues regarding family member employees. This book addresses the specific challenges faced by owners of family businesses, and it shows family members employed in the business how to enjoy their positions while helping the organization reach its highest potential. In this comprehensive guide, the author spotlights all the challenges such organizations face and provides practical advice for creating your own strategy to meet them--and strengthen relationships within the family, as well.	2008-12-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070140745	Greenspan'S Bubbles	Fleckenstein		This book reveals the unvarnished truth behind Greenspan's Age of Recklessness. This book offers a lock-stock-and-barrel portrait of a flawed but fascinating man whose words and actions have led a whole generation astray, and whose legacy will continue to challenge us in the years ahead.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						BUS045000
9780070142091	Say It Like Obama	Leanne		This book is about the art of persuasion, the power of presentation, and the most effectivetechniques of communication. From building strong arguments and facing tough issues toinspiring a team or workforce to new levels of innovation and productivity, it gives the toolsto instill positive change at every level of the organization	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						LAN026000
9780070221741	The New Gold Standard	Michelli		The New Gold Standard takes you on an exclusive tour behind the scenes of The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company. Granted unprecedented access to the company's executives, staff, and its award-winning Leadership Center training facilities, bestselling author Joseph Michelli explored every level of leadership within the organization. He emerged with the key principles leaders at any company can use to provide a customer experience unlike any other.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070221888	Executive Warfare	D alessandro		From CEO-turned-bestselling-author David D Alessandro comes a humorous commentary on corporate life, as well as field guide of winning strategies based upon his insider s experience. Once managers achieve a level of success, it s common for the ascension up the corporate ladder to feel even more difficult. It seems the higher they climb, the more bosses they have. According to D Alessandro, corporate warriors need to know who the key players are, and how to strategically manage them, while deftly protecting their flanks. This book shows them how to master these maneuvers with D Alessandro s hard-won insights, outspoken ideas, unsparing anecdotes, and surefire tactics. If business is war, this is the key&to victory		Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070221994	Hacking Exposed 6	McClure		The original Hacking Exposed authors rejoin forces on this new edition to offer completely up-to-date coverage of today's most devastating hacks and how to prevent them. Using their proven methodology, the authors reveal how to locate and patch system vulnerabilities. The book includes new coverage of ISO images, wireless and RFID attacks, Web 2.0 vulnerabilities, anonymous hacking tools, Ubuntu, Windows Server 2008, mobile devices, and more.Hacking Exposed 6 applies the authors' internationally renowned computer security methodologies, technical rigor, and from-the-trenches experience to make computer technology usage and deployments safer and more secure for businesses and consumers.	2009	Tata McGraw-Hill						COM053000
9780070223523	Hacking Exposed 6	McClure		The original Hacking Exposed authors rejoin forces on this new edition to offer completely up-to-date coverage of today's most devastating hacks and how to prevent them. Using their proven methodology, the authors reveal how to locate and patch system vulnerabilities. The book includes new coverage of ISO images, wireless and RFID attacks, Web 2.0 vulnerabilities, anonymous hacking tools, Ubuntu, Windows Server 2008, mobile devices, and more.Hacking Exposed 6 applies the authors' internationally renowned computer security methodologies, technical rigor, and from-the-trenches experience to make computer technology usage and deployments safer and more secure for businesses and consumers.	2009	Tata McGraw-Hill						COM053000
9780070223530	The Change Cycle	Salerno		The Change Cycle offers a tested, six-stage approach for successfully navigating common work-life transitions so that you not only get through them but emerge stronger and better able to face the next challenge. Each chapter focuses on one stage of The Change Cycle. Salerno and Brock describe how we think, feel and act during each stage, utilising stories of common work/life transitions and informative essays about the ways people cope best with change and how organisations have successfully dealt with the challenges accompanying the stages. They offer perspective as well as tools and success strategies needed for individuals at all levels, helping them understand what they ought to expect, from themselves and others, as they move through each stage of The Change Cycle.		Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070223875	The Inside Advantage	Bloom&Dave Conti&Robert H Bloom		The Inside Advantage shows how your company, no matter what its size, can discover a hidden potential and use it as a catalyst for growth. For the first time in publication, Bloom reveals his unconventional system and shows how to apply his methods to your business.Bloom's style is fresh and down-to-earth, and his methods are clear and simple. His Growth Discovery Process enables you to punch through today's competitive barriers, clarify their vision, focus your goals, and place yourself aggressively on the road to growth.Bloom's Growth Discovery Process helps you answer these questions:*Who? Do you really know what customers you should pursue? *What? Do you truly know what business you are in? *How? Can you define the strategies that will bring in new customers?. . . and leads to: Own it! An innovative new way to drive your company's growth by making your Inside Advantage well known to customers and potential customers		Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070248915	Valuation Of Options	Parames-Waran		This book demonstrates the inadequacy of simple arbitrage-free strategy in pricing options and discusses the intricacies of the two best known option pricing models Bionomial Model and Black Scholes Model. It covers- Variables influencing option value; Binomial Model for European and American options; Black-Scholes Model: stochastic processes, Ito s lemma and Black- Scholes formulae; the Greeks Delta, Gamma, Vega, Theta, Rho in the Black-Scholes formula.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070264670	Always On : Advertising, Marketing, And Media In An Era Of Consumer Control	Vollmer		Boldly conceived, brilliantly written, and beautifully packaged, each subject-specific guide combines the up-to-the-minute research of Strategy + Business magazine with the global consulting expertise of Booz Allen Hamilton. You'll find all the latest, greatest success strategies at your fingertips, from actual case studies, industry secrets, and late-breaking stats to essential lists of tips, techniques, and takeaways. Whether the subject is marketing, production, sales, or mergers and acquisitions, the future is here-and profitable-in these future bestsellers.For years, media professionals chased consumers, jacked into personal networks, and sifted through splintered audiences. Now ad and marketing success is driven by those who can reintegrate splintered audiences and map their interests. These philosopher gurus are reshaping how we should reach highly charged minds. Their secrets are in this book.		Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070264717	Investing The Templeton Way	Templeton		In the pantheon of value investing giants, including Graham, Dodd, and Buffet- John Templeton stands above them all. As a pioneer whose career spanned eight decades, Templeton was instrumental in creating the world in which value investing has flourished. Investing the Templeton Way provides a never-before-seen glimpse into Sir John's timeless principles and methods-revealed by his great niece and successful fund manager Lauren Templeton.Templeton and Phillips show you how to invest the Templeton way, by describing the methods behind Sir John's investment selection process, providing historical examples of his most successful trades, and explaining how to apply the same approaches to your own portfolio. Featuring extensive interviews with Sir John himself, Investing the Templeton Way is destined to be a classic resource.		Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070486836	Oracle Database 11g Pl/sql Programming	Mclaughliin		Completely up-to-date for the new database release, this Oracle Press guide explains how to write robust, database-driven PL/SQL applications. Full details on the PL/SQL language, scripting semantics, and syntax are included. Learn how to write powerful programs, interact with Oracle databases, perform complex calculations, and handle error conditions. It also features a real-world example that runs throughout the book to illustrate the programming techniques presented.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070494558	Mergers And Acquisitions	Weston		MPD - No Info	2002	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070494893	Power System Engineering 2e	Kothari & Nagrath		This hallmark text on Power System Engineering has been revised extensively to bring in several new topics and update the contents with the latest technological developments. The book now covers the complete undergraduate syllabus of Power System Engineering course. All topics are supported with examples employing two/three/four bus structures.	2008-07-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070499201	Hacking Exposed 6	McClure		The original Hacking Exposed authors rejoin forces on this new edition to offer completely up-to-date coverage of today's most devastating hacks and how to prevent them. Using their proven methodology, the authors reveal how to locate and patch system vulnerabilities. The book includes new coverage of ISO images, wireless and RFID attacks, Web 2.0 vulnerabilities, anonymous hacking tools, Ubuntu, Windows Server 2008, mobile devices, and more.Hacking Exposed 6 applies the authors' internationally renowned computer security methodologies, technical rigor, and from-the-trenches experience to make computer technology usage and deployments safer and more secure for businesses and consumers.	2009	Tata McGraw-Hill						COM053000
9780070581906	Curative factors in dynamic psychotherapy	American Academy of Psychoanalysis&Samuel Slipp		No single question raises more of a challenge to dynamic psychotherapy than that of identifying and understanding the critical factors in the curative process that lead to change and cure. What are the seemingly intangible variables that enable patients to overcome symptomatology and maladaptive behaviors, so as to develop and grow as productive human beings? This volume brings together eminent therapists, clinicians, and researchers who have contributed new and creative thinking to this area of concern. Their innovative work has led to an advancement of psychoanalytic knowledge and techniques and thereby to more effective approaches in unraveling the components of psychotherapeutic cure. The contributors address themselves to the exploration, definition, and explication of the alternate and often complex avenues that lead to patient change and cure. This book is unique in not being limited to a single theoretical viewpoint, but instead presents and reflects a broad spectrum of current psychoanalytic thought. Diverse theories and approaches are individually discussed and then brought together to provide a beginning integration. Not limited solely to a clinical or research perspective, the book offers ways of evaluating clinical findings through research so as to strengthen the scientific foundations of psychoanalytic theory and technique.	1982	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070583771	Power System Engineering 2e	Kothari & Nagrath		This hallmark text on Power System Engineering has been revised extensively to bring in several new topics and update the contents with the latest technological developments. The book now covers the complete undergraduate syllabus of Power System Engineering course. All topics are supported with examples employing two/three/four bus structures.	2008-07-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070583894	Power Electronics	Singh&K. B. Khanchandani		With this revised edition we aim to present a text on Power Electronics for the UG level which will provide a comprehensive coverage of converters, choppers, inverters and motor drives. All this, with a rich pedagogy to support the conceptual understanding and integral use of PSPICE.	2008-07-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070585560	E-Commerce	Kamlesh K. Bajaj&Debjani Nag		With special reference to India.	2005-09-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070589605	You can survive	Howard Everett Smith		This guide offers vital information on wilderness survival, providing advice on building shelters, finding food and water, first aid, using a compass and maps, signaling, and other pertinent advice	1982-09	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070607910	Hacking Exposed 6	McClure		The original Hacking Exposed authors rejoin forces on this new edition to offer completely up-to-date coverage of today's most devastating hacks and how to prevent them. Using their proven methodology, the authors reveal how to locate and patch system vulnerabilities. The book includes new coverage of ISO images, wireless and RFID attacks, Web 2.0 vulnerabilities, anonymous hacking tools, Ubuntu, Windows Server 2008, mobile devices, and more.Hacking Exposed 6 applies the authors' internationally renowned computer security methodologies, technical rigor, and from-the-trenches experience to make computer technology usage and deployments safer and more secure for businesses and consumers.	2009	Tata McGraw-Hill						COM053000
9780070607941	Food For Today 9E	Kowtaluk		This [book]goes beyond the basics of nutrition, consumer skills, and food preparation to include current coverage of Food Science, Global Foods, Safety, and Wellness.-http://www.glencoe.com.	2005	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070610880	The Toyota Way Fieldbook	Liker&David Meier&Liker		Jeffrey Liker first revealed the management principles Toyota's worldwide reputation for quality and reliability in the international bestseller The Toyota Way. Now, he and Toyota veteran David Meier take those lessons a step further with The Toyota Way Fieldbook. You'll receive the diagnostic tools, worksheets, and exercises--many adapted from Toyota originals--so you can craft the most effective approach for your organization. Learn how to develop a long-term philosophy of cost reduction, build a culture that stops to fix problems quickly, develop leaders that live your system, and transform your company into a true lean learning organization that continuously improves, meets the needs of its customers, and positions itself for long-term success.Most importantly, you'll understand the thinking behind lean tools and approaches so you can implement Toyota's 4P Model for success in your organization:Philosophy--The company is a vehicle for adding value to customers, society, the community, and its associates.Process--When leaders follow the right process they get the right results, including long-term cost-reduction and quality improvement. People and Partners--Add value to an organization by challenging its people and partners to grow and become more skilled and confident.Problem solving--Continuously solve root problems to drive organizational learning.	2005	Tata McGraw-Hill						BUS087000
9780070611412	Design of machine elements	Bhandari&Dan Steinhoff V B Bhandari		Revised extensively, the new edition of this text conforms to the syllabi of all Indian Universities in India. This text strictly focuses on the undergraduate syllabus of Design of Machine Elements I and II , offered over two semesters.	2007	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070611795	Life in the open sea	William M. Stephens		Describes each stage in a typical open sea food chain, from a microscopic diatom to a sperm whale.	1972	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070612495	Physical anthropology,the core	Philip L. Stein&Bruce M. Rowe		This is a balanced, objective, brief, introduction to physical anthropology that does not assume students have any previous knowledge of the subject. Every concept is carefully explained and illustrated. The text is succinctly designed as an alternative to the big, expensive books. Scientific terminology and jargon has been reduced throughout the text. These award-winning teachers and authors provide a general outline and understanding of the main topics of importance to tell the story of human evolution and diversity rather than provide dry facts for students. Unnecessary detail has been cut while maintaining or expanding explanations for students.	1995	McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070617384	Facing the future,Indian pension systems	David J. W. Hatton		A collaborative study between ING Group and Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore.	2007	Tata Mc-Graw-Hill Pub. Co.						ZZZ000000
9780070621046	Unleashing the knowledge force,harnessing knowledge for building global companies	Ganesh Natarajan&Uma Ganesh		In Indian context.	2007-06-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070634374	Computer Graphics	Sinha and Udai&Arun D Udai&Sinha&Sinha and Udai		This book is written for the student who wishes to learn not only the concepts of computer graphics but also its meaningful implementation. It is a comprehensive text on Computer Graphics and is appropriate for an introductory course in the subject.	2008-08-07	Computer Graphics,Sinha,Udai						ZZZ000000
9780070634459	Mems	Mahalik N P		MEMS are small and integrated devices, which combine electronics, electrical as well as mechanical elements to meet the control related functional requirements. This book synergistically covers the aspects of multidisciplinary subjects by providing the proof-of-principle, concepts, design, development and applications of MEMS.	2008-02-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070634541	Communication Systems,2E	Singh & Sapre		The revised edition deals with the basics of communication systems required at the UG level in detail and in a user-friendly manner. The understanding of the subject has been very well created with the help of easy to understand mathematical usage in numerous solved and unsolved examples. Maintaining the same writing style, the authors have tried to keep the readers abreast with the latest developments in the field.	2008-05-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070634558	Millman'S Elec Dev & Cir (Sie)	Millman		This book is intended as a text for a first course in Electronic Devices and Circuits for the electrical engineering/ECE/EEE students. Its objective is to present a clear, consistent picture of the internal physical behavior of many electronic devices and to teach how to analyze and design electronic circuits using these devices.	2008-03-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070634596	Strength of Materials	Negi		Based on the problems and solutions approach, this book on strength of Materials presents the fundamentals and concepts in a simple manner with step-by-step solution of varied examples. The large number of practice problems will facilitate honing of the problem solving skills.	2008-07-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070634633	Pulse, digital & switching waveforms	Millman&Mothikis&Professor&head		This book on Pulse & Digital Circuits offers the wide-ranging concepts of design & analysis of pulse generation and waveform shaping circuits in a reader friendly manner.	2008-03-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070636286	The Wall Street Mba	Advani		Whether you're a novice or an experienced professional, The Wall Street MBA explains the underpinnings of financial valuation, financial analysis, and corporate accounting and describes how each drives corporate America and Wall Street. Peppered with true stories and amusing anecdotes, this concise, easy-to-read, interactive resource teaches MBA concepts by applying theory to real-life examples. You'll learn how to review financial statements, analyze earnings, detect fraud, assess stock prices, value companies, and structure mergers and acquisitions, among other exercises.	2006	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070636422	Oracle Database 10G: A Beginner S Guide	Abramson		This book is the gateway to Oracle coverage and will provide the reader with a solid foundation, needed to embark on an Oracle DBA career. While focusing on the latest database, this book will cover the basics and ensure a level starting point for beginning professionals. To better meet the market needs of today, we will be completely reengineering the contents.	2004	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070636699	401 Killer Marketing Tactics	Feltenstein		No matter how small your budget or cutthroat your competition, you can wage sophisticated marketing and promotional campaigns that get the word out about your business, cement the loyalty of your existing customers, and win more new customers than you can handle. Written by a thirty-year marketing veteran who apprenticed at the knee of Ray Kroc--the man behind the McDonald's empire--401 Killer Marketing Tactics to Maximize Profits, Increase Sales, and Stomp Your Competition is a gold mine of tested-in-the-trenches marketing and promotional solutions. With the help of real-world examples from dozens of his clients--including Morton's Steak House, Wendy's, Wolfgang Puck, Ben and Jerry's, Coca-Cola, Hyatt, Haagen-Daaz, Subway, and others--Tom Feltenstein shows you how to:Outwit, out-market and out-sell your competition every time Wage champagne marketing and promotional campaigns on a beer budget Develop a solid marketing plan and stick with it Motivate and reward your employees for maximum sales results		Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070636842	Hacking Exposed 6	McClure		The original Hacking Exposed authors rejoin forces on this new edition to offer completely up-to-date coverage of today's most devastating hacks and how to prevent them. Using their proven methodology, the authors reveal how to locate and patch system vulnerabilities. The book includes new coverage of ISO images, wireless and RFID attacks, Web 2.0 vulnerabilities, anonymous hacking tools, Ubuntu, Windows Server 2008, mobile devices, and more.Hacking Exposed 6 applies the authors' internationally renowned computer security methodologies, technical rigor, and from-the-trenches experience to make computer technology usage and deployments safer and more secure for businesses and consumers.	2009	Tata McGraw-Hill						COM053000
9780070647916	Power System Engineering 2e	Kothari & Nagrath		This hallmark text on Power System Engineering has been revised extensively to bring in several new topics and update the contents with the latest technological developments. The book now covers the complete undergraduate syllabus of Power System Engineering course. All topics are supported with examples employing two/three/four bus structures.	2008-07-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070648104	Optical Fiber Communications	Keiser		This book on Optical Fiber Communication presents the fundamental principles for understanding and applying optical fiber technology to sophisticated modern telecommunication system.	2008-10-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070648111	Principles Of Communication Systems	Taub		This hallmark text on Communication Systems has been revised to bring in the latest on the subject. It covers the undergraduate syllabi of Analog and Digital Communication and also gives the background required for advanced study on the subject. Plethora of solved examples and practice questions elucidate the text and give clarity in the discussions.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070648159	Power plant engineering	Nag		Meant for the undergraduate course on Power Plant Engineering studied by the mechanical engineering students, this book is a comprehensive and up-to-date offering on the subject. It has detailed coverage on hydro-electric, diesel engine and gas turbine power plants. Plenty of solved examples, exercise questions and illustrations make this a very student friendly text.	2008-08-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070648180	Linear Integrated Circuits	Salivahanan		Meant for the undergraduate students of electrical and electronics engineering this text on Linear Integrated Circuits and Op Amps covers the entire syllabus of the subject. Written in a simple and student friendly language, it will help in building strong foundation in the principles of linear integrated circuits.	2008-10-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070648227	Programming In Ansi C 4E	Balagurusamy		Written by the most well known face of India s IT literacy movement, this book is designed for the first course in C taken by undergraduate students in Computers and Information Technology. The revised edition maintains the lucid flow and continuity which has been the strength of the book.	2008-07-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070648234	Cryptography and network security	Kahate		Security being one of the main concerns of any organization, this title clearly explains the concepts behind Cryptography and the principles employed behind Network Security. The text steers clear of complex mathematical treatment and presents the concepts involved through easy-to-follow examples and schematic diagrams. This text can very well serve as a main text for students pursuing CSE or IT streams.	2008-09-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070648258	VHDL,a design oriented approach	Limaye		Intended for a course on VHDL Programming for 6th/7th Semester students of CSE, IT, and ECE, this text can also be promoted for Digital Systems Design courses having a portion on VHDL. The text follows a bottom-up approach, whereby Language Fundamentals have been discussed followed by various styles of Description and Design Examples.	2008-08-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070648371	Engineering Drawing	Jolhe		This book is meant for the Engineering Drawing course offered to the students of all engineering disciplines in their first year. An important highlight of this book is the inclusion of practical hints along with theory which would enable the students to make perfect drawings.	2008-09-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070656659	Financial Management	Prasanna Chandra		Financial Management: Theory and Practice celebrates the 23rd Anniversary of its publication. Over these two decades, Indian business and finance have considerably changed owing to deregulation, liberalisation, privatisation, globalisation, and the ascendance of the services sector. The book has kept pace with these changes and captures the central themes and concerns of corporate financial management-making it both contemporary and comprehensive.The book seeks to:*Build understanding of the central ideas and theories of modern finance*Develop familiarity with the analytical techniques helpful in financial decision making *Furnish institutional material relevant for understanding the environment in which financial decisions are taken *Discuss the practice of financial management.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070658905	Lean Six Sigma Demystified	Arthur		This self-teaching guide is the fast and easy way to learn Lean Six Sigma-the revolutionary process and quality improvement methodology. You'll learn to analyze projects quickly, identify and eliminate waste, cut costs and grow revenue, and increase quality and efficiency. A 180-day trial version of Lean Six Sigma QI Macros for Excel will be available for download from the author's website.	2007	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070658943	Six Sigma: Business Scorecard	Gupta		The Six Sigma Business Scorecard is designed to translate an organization s mission and business strategies into clear, quantitative performance metrics and operating objectives. Updated with important new scorecard material, this new second edition is the linchpin of an integrated, statistically rigorous Six Sigma program.	2007	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070659926	Machine Drawing:Includes Autocad	Singh&Ajeetprofessorsalalahtechnicalindustrialcollege		This book is for the course on Machine Drawing studied by the undergraduate mechanical engineering students in their 3rd semester. Unique to this is the coverage of CAD alongside the conventional discussions on each topic.The important topics pertaining to engineering drawing are covered before discussing the machine drawing concepts thus making this a complete offering on the subject.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070660496	Electronic devices and circuits	Salivahanan		This book is meant for the undergraduate students of Electronics, Electrical, Instrumentation and Computer Science Engineering for the courses on Basic Electronics/Electronic Devices and Circuits. It gives detailed description of the operation and characteristics of modern active and passive electronic devices. Logical organization of the chapters, simple language, wide variety of problems with their step by step solutions for every concept makes this book a perfect offering on the subject.	2008-07-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070667341	Mechanics of Solids 2e	Crandall		Concerned with the mechanics of rigid and deformable solids in equilibrium, this text An Introduction to the Mechanics of Solids puts considerable emphasis on the process of constructing idealized model to represent actual physical situations, which is a central problem of engineering. Problems given in the book depict variety of situations, to which the principles contained in the book may be applied.	2008-07-07	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070667570	Programming In C #	Balagurusamy		Written by the most well known face of India s IT literacy movement, this book is designed for the first course in C# taken by undergraduate students in Computers and Information Technology. The revised edition maintains the lucid flow and continuity which has been the strength of the book.	2008	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070681774	Fundamentals Of Botany:	N. K. Soni		This book is designed to provide the fundamental knowledge of botany with the recent developments in the field. It helps build the conceptual framework for the subject in a concise manner, which enables students to understand and grasp the subject in a much easier way.	2010	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070700727	Management: A Global & Entrepreneurial Perspective	Heinz Weihrich&Mark V Cannice		This new edition of Management continues to integrate theory and practice with a focus on global as well as entrepreneurial perspectives. With a good blend of examples from the America, Europe and Asia(Including India), this book will be the most suitable text book for the students and teachers of business management, and also a useful source of reference for practitioners in the field.	2010	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070700772	Business Environment: Text & Cases	Justin Paul		This book provides comprehensive and up-to-date information on the various elements of business environment. It has been designed as per the requirements of the students of business management, commerce, and economics.	2010	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070700871	International Business	Aswathappa		The new edition continues to discuss basic concepts of international business in a comprehensive manner. It provides a lucid treatment of the theory and practice of global business in the Indian context. Flourished with case-lets drawn from contemporary businesses, it will acquaint the students with the fundamentals of global business.The book has been updated with recent examples like new chapters on Institutional support to IB, FDI initiatives.	2010	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780071067300	Microsoft Visual Studio 2010: A Beginner's Guide	Joe Mayo		Written by a Microsoft MVP and Visual Studio expert, this hands-on guide gets you started with the latest release of Microsoft's flagship Integrated Development Environment (IDE). Microsoft Visual Studio 2010: A Beginner's Guide shows you how to build applications from the ground up, covering C#, VB.NET, ASP.NET, Silverlight, Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), and Windows Communication Foundation (WCF). You'll also learn how to customize the IDE, adding your own tools that integrate with Visual Studio 2010, and edit and debug your applications.	2010	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780074602317	Pneumatic systems,principles and maintenance	S. R. Majumdar		OVERVIEW In this book the author projects the pneumatic systems in its totality; right from the basic level to make it useful to a wider audience, comprising system designers, component manufacturers and service engineers. The topics are dealt in such an easy fashion that even the first line technician would be able to understand the rudimentary principles of pneumatic circuit design and servicing techniques. Pneumatic devices are used in operations like work clamping, component pressing and forming, ejecting of parts on completion, etc. The latest addition to this interesting field of engineering is robotics and pick-n-place devices. KEY FEATURES Maintenance and trouble-shooting of pneumatic systems. Pneumatic circuit designs explained. Maintenance problems given in each chapter.	1996	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780074637517	Effective English Communication	Krishna Mohan&Krishna Mohan Meenakshi Raman		"Designed to cultivate the necessary competencies and skills in oral and written communication in English language; the book is divided into three parts : Part I : sounds & words; Part II : comprehension & composition; Part III : essentials of grammar. Salient features: each chapter begins with a brief theoretical description of the topics covered and provides guidelines for attempting the practice material that follows; adopts an integrated approach - learning english through appropriate communication activities; a chapter on dicto-composition to enhance retention power of the reader; a chapter on book reviews illustrating different types of book reviews and the steps involved in reviewing; pronunciation of words explained through IPA [international phonetic association] symbols; an appendix detailing the common terminology in the field of medicine and information technology; packed with a large number of examples and practice exercises of different varieties with each concept; an appendix containing review tests for self-evaluation; solutions to all objective-type and short-answer questions provided at the end of the book; appendices on : common affixes and latin roots; use of prepositions; irregular verbs; punctuation & capitalisation"--Firstandsecond.com ("India's biggest online book store")	2000-07-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9788122400717	Foundations of electronics	D. Chattopadhyay		This Book Covers The Newly Introduced Course On Electronics At The B.Sc. Physics (Honours) Level. It Would Also Be Useful To The Students Of Other Discipline Taking A Basic Course On Electronics.In This Book The Subject-Matter Has Been Dealt With In A Clear And Concise Way With Many Explanatory Diagrams. Emphasis Has Been Given To The Clarification Of The Basic Physical Principles; Mathematical Details Have Also Been Worked Out, Where Necessary. Modern Aspects And Applications Of Electronics Have Been Described To The Extent Suitable For The Beginners. Numerous Solved Problems Have Been Incorporated To Make The Students Acquainted With The Applications Of The Principles And Formulae They Have Learnt In The Text. A Variety Of Questions And Problems Has Also Been Included For The Practice Of The Students.The Book Contains Seventeen Chapters. Chapter 1 Deals With The Introductory Concepts. In Chapter 2, The Modes Of Electron Emission, Particularly Thermionic Emission, Are Discussed. Electron Tubes, Specifically The Vaccum Diode And Triode, Are Considered In Chapter 3, Chapter 4 Is Devoted To The Basic Properties Of Semiconductors. P-N Junction Diodes Are Taken Care Of In Chapter 5. Bipolar Transistors Are Discussed In Chapters 6 And 7. Field-Effect Transistors Together With Some Special Semiconductor Devices Are Contained In Chapter 8. Integrated Circuits, Operational Amplifiers, And Their Applications Are Described In Chapter 9. Voltage And Power Amplifiers, Feedback Amplifiers And Oscillators Are Considered In Chapters 10, 11, And 12 Respectively. Modulation And Detection Is The Subject Matter Of Chapter 13. Digital Electronics Has Been Treated In A Comprehensive Way In Chapter 14. The Cathode Ray Oscilloscope And Its Applications Are Included In Chapter 15. Radio Communication And Television Are Considered In Chapters 16 And 17 Respectively.	1994-07-13	Wiley Eastern						ZZZ000000
9788122401660	A first course on electrical drives	S. K. Pillai		The Aim Of Revision Is Mainly To Acquaint The Students With The Recent Trends In The Development Of Electric Motors Used As Prime Movers In Electric Drive Systems.The Chapter On Introduction To Solid State Controlled Drives Has Been Expanded To Include Sections On Increasingly Used *Brushless Dcmotors And Switched-Reluctance Motors.A Separate Chapter On The More Commonly Used Position Control Drive Motors, Namely,Stepper Motors Has Been Also Incorporated.The Drives Used In The Fast Growing Petroleum Industry Have Been Included In The Chapter On Industrialapplications.	2007	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122401899	Quantitative Techniques for Managerial Decisions	U K Srivastava&G. V. Shenoy&S. C. Sharma		This Book Is Designed To Serve As A Text For Management, Economics, Accountancy (Chartered And Cost Accountancy), And Commerce Students. The Book Covers Concepts, Illustrations And Problems In Statistics And Operations Research. Part I Deals With Statistical Techniques For Decision Making. Part Ii Studies Various Operations Research Techniques For Managerial Decisions.The Book Contains Illustrations And Problems, Drawn Extensively From Various Functional Areas Of Management, Viz., Production, Finance, Marketing And Personnel, Which Are Designed To Understand Real Life Decision Making Situations. In Order To Make The Book Self-Contained, All Relevant Mathematical Concepts And Their Applications Have Been Included. To Enhance The Understanding Of The Subject Matter By The Students Belonging To Different Disciplines, The Approach Adopted In This Book, Both In Statistics And Operations Research, Is Conceptional Rather Than Mathematical. Hence Complicated Mathematical Proofs Have Been Avoided.This Book Would Be An Ideal Reference To Executives, Computer Professionals, Industrial Engineers, Economic Planners And Social Scientists. The Other Books By The Same Authors Are: Operations Research For Management And Business Statistics.	1989-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122402483	Biochemistry	Keshav Trehan		The Present Volume Provides An Excellent Up-To-Date Account Of The Course And Development Of Biochemistry. The Text Revolves Around The Basic Principles Of Biochemistry As Well As Molecular And Biochemical Control Mechanisms Responsible For Structural, Informational And Behavioural Properties Of Cells Resulting In A Composite Picture Of Modern Biochemistry. The Book Is Organized Into Five Sections That Follows An Introductory Chapter Dealing With Biochemical Basis Of Life. Part I Treats The Foundations And Fundamentals Which Includes Four Chapters To Help Prepare A Student Finally To Enter The Realm Of Biochemistry. This Part Is Especially Designed To Clarify The Basic Concepts And Introducing Quantitation In Biochemical Sciences And Represents A Distinctive And Crucial Feature Above All The Existing Texts. Part Ii Deals With Molecular Structure And Organization Of Biomolecules. This Part Is Composed Of Five Chapters Describing In Detail, The Biochemical Organization Of Information Molecules In Living Cells. Part Iii Represents Biosynthesis Of Biomolecules Covering Five Chapters Describing In Detail The Biochemical Control Of Traffic Of Information Molecules In The Living Cells. Part Iv Describes The Dynamics Of Energy Transformation And Represents Six Chapters Dealing With The Maintenance And Expenditure Of Energy In Biochemical Processes. Part V Deals With Enzymology And Special Aspects Of Metabolism And Includes Eleven Chapters Especially Devoted To Cover Recent Developments And Topics Of Current Importance. This Volume Concludes With A Chapter Dealing With The Place And Relevance Of Biochemistry On An Interdisciplinary Platform. Every Chapter Is Followed By A Short List Of Selected General References Pertaining To That Particular Subject. There Are Seven Indices Following The Complete Write Up And Is Primarily Directed Towards Providing Additional And Extra Information Useful To Establish A Link Between All The Sections And Chapters.In View Of Academic Curriculum Existing In Various Universities And Institutions (Including Agricultural Universities), The Present Book Should Conform To The Requirements And Interests Of Honours And Postgraduate Students In Life Sciences In General Including Biochemistry, Botany, Zoology, Genetics And Microbiology.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122403039	Hardware and Software of Personal Computers	Sanjay K. Bose		This Book Has Been Developed As A Text For A One Semester Course On The Hardware And Software Of Personal Computers. It Will Also Be Of Interest To Practicing Engineers And Professionals Who Wish To Develop Their Own Hardware And Software For Special Pc-Based Applications. Apart From Providing All The Significant Hardware And Software Details For Ibm-Pcs And Its Close Compatibles, It Also Presents A Comprehensive Description Of How The Pc Works And The Various Functions That It Can Provide. A Large Number Of Interesting And Useful Problems Have Been Given At The End Of Each Chapter. A Set Of Objective Type Questions Has Also Been Provided To Allow The Reader To Review His/Her Understanding Of The Material In The Text.This Book Has Been Developed As A Text For A One Semester Course On The Hardware And Software Of Personal Computers. It Will Also Be Of Interest To Practicing Engineers And Professionals Who Wish To Develop Their Own Hardware And Software For Special Pc-Based Applications. Apart From Providing All The Significant Hardware And Software Details For Ibm-Pcs And Its Close Compatibles, It Also Presents A Comprehensive Description Of How The Pc Works And The Various Functions That It Can Provide. A Large Number Of Interesting And Useful Problems Have Been Given At The End Of Each Chapter. A Set Of Objective Type Questions Has Also Been Provided To Allow The Reader To Review His/Her Understanding Of The Material In The Text.	1996-07-30	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122403244	Lasers and non-linear optics	B B Laud		The Book Is Addressed To The Advanced Undergraduate And Graduate Students Interested In Lasers. It Encompasses The Wide Area Joining Laser Physics And Non-Linear Optics. The Earlier Chapters Give A Concise Account Of Basic Physics On Which The Operation Of Lasers Depends. Quantum Mechanical Treatment Of The Interaction Of Radiation With An Atom And Of Some Important Optical Processes Is Presented. This Prepares The Way, By Easy Stages, For The Formal Development Of Lasers. The Advances In Laser Physics Over The Last Twenty-Five Years Are Described. The Material In Non-Linear Optics Scattered In Various Journals Is Collected In A Compact And Unified Manner. Some Research Problems Of Current Interest Are Discussed. The Treatment Is Kept As Simple As Possible So That A Graduate Student Should Not Have Any Difficulty With It. The Book Should Help The Reader To Acquire New Concepts And Advanced Methods In Non-Linear Optics And Give Him A Sort Of Overall Perspective Necessary To Continue Further Independent Research. The Book Should Be Useful To A Variety Of Readers.	1991	Wiley						ZZZ000000
9788122403633	Electrical Design Estimating And Costing	K B Raina		The Subject Electrical Design Estimating And Costing Covers An Important Functional Area Of An Electrical Diploma Holder. The Subject Is Taught In Various Forms In Different States. In Some States, It Is Covered Under Two Subjects, Namely, Electrical Design & Drawing And Electrical Estimating & Costing. In Some States It Is Taught As An Integrated Subject But Is Split Into Two Or Three Parts To Be Taught In Different Semesters.To Cater To The Needs Of Polytechnics Of Different States, The Content Of The Course Has Been Developed By Consulting The Curricula Of Various State Boards Of Technical Education In The Country. In Addition To Inclusion Of Conventional Topics, A Chapter On Motor Control Circuits Has Been Included In This Book. This Topic Is Of Direct Relevance To The Needs Of Industries And, As Such, Finds Prominent Place In The Curricula Of Most Of The States Of India. The Book Covers Topics Like Symbols And Standards, Design Of Light And Fan Circuits, Alarm Circuits, Panel Boards Etc. Design Of Electrical Installations For Residential And Commercial Buildings As Well As Small Industries Has Been Dealt With In Detail. In Addition, Design Of Overhead And Underground Transmission And Distribution Lines, Sub-Stations And Design Of Illumination Schemes Have Also Been Included.The Book Contains A Chapter On Motor Circuit Design And A Chapter On Design Of Small Transformers And Chokes. The Book Contains Theoretical Explanations Wherever Required. A Large Number Of Solved Examples Have Been Given To Help Students Understand The Subject Better. The Authors Have Built Up The Course From Simple To Complex And From Known To Unknown. Examples Have Generally Been Taken From Practical Situations. Indeed, Students Will Find This Book Useful Not Only For Passing Examinations But Even More During Their Professional Career.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122403831	Mechanical measurements	R. S. Sirohi&H. C. Radha Krishna		Methods And Techniques Of Measurements Are Becoming Increasingly Important In Engineering In Recent Years Laboratory Programmes Have Been Modernized, Sophisticated Electronic Instrumentation Has Been Incorporated Into The Programme And Newer Techniques Have Been Developed. This Book Dwells On The Physical Aspects Of Measurement Techniques. For The Measurement To Be Meaningful, The Nature And Magnitude Of Error Should Be Known. The Book, Thus Begins With Error Analysis And Applications Of Statistical Principles To Attain A Measurement Value As Near The True Value As Possible. The Methods Of Measuring Mechanical Quantities Are Discussed Subsequently, Overing Both The Basic And Derived Quantities. Effort Has Been Made To Present The Subject In S.I. Units. Some Of The Recent Developments Such As Laser-Doppler Techniques, Holography, Have Also Been Included. The Coverage Is Such That The Book Will Be Useful Both Of Graduate And Post-Graduate Students And Will Also Serve As A Constant Reference For Researchers.	1991	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122403862	Introduction to System Design Using Integrated Circuits	B. S. Sonde		Beginning With An Introduction To Integrated Electronics, The Book Describes The Basic Digital And Linear Ics In Detail Together With Some Applications And Building Blocks Of Digital Systems. Principles Of System Design Using Ics Are Then Explained And A Number Of System Design Examples Using The Latest Ics Are Worked Out. Useful Supplementary Information On Ics Is Included In The Appendices And A List Of References To Published Work Is Given At The End. The Book Covers What Is Latest In The State-Of-The-Art In Ics Including Ls T Tl, F Ttl, N-Mos, High-Speed Cmos, I2L, Ccds, Proms, Plas, Asics And Microprocessors. The Main Emphasis Here Is On Providing A Clear Insight Into The Characteristics And Limitations Of Ics Upto Lsi/Vlsi Level, Their Parameters, Circuit Features And Electronic Equipment/System Design Based On Them. Students Of The B.E./M.E./M.Sc (Physics) Courses Specializing In Electronics Or Communication Engineering Would Find This Book A Convenient Text/Reference Source For A First In-Depth Understanding Of System Design Using Ics. The Book Would Also Be Useful To R&D Engineers In Electronics/Communication Engineering.	1992-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122405033	Modern control system theory	M. Gopal		The Book Provides An Integrated Treatment Of Continuous-Time And Discrete-Time Systems For Two Courses At Postgraduate Level, Or One Course At Undergraduate And One Course At Postgraduate Level. It Covers Mainly Two Areas Of Modern Control Theory, Namely; System Theory, And Multivariable And Optimal Control. The Coverage Of The Former Is Quite Exhaustive While That Of Latter Is Adequate With Significant Provision Of The Necessary Topics That Enables A Research Student To Comprehend Various Technical Papers. The Stress Is On Interdisciplinary Nature Of The Subject.Practical Control Problems From Various Engineering Disciplines Have Been Drawn To Illustrate The Potential Concepts. Most Of The Theoretical Results Have Been Presented In A Manner Suitable For Digital Computer Programming Along With The Necessary Algorithms For Numerical Computations.	1993	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122405262	Quantum mechanics	V. K. Thankappan		The Book Presents A Comprehensive Treatment Of Quantum Mechanics At The Post Graduate Level. The Emphasis Is On The Physical Foundations And The Mathematical Framework Of Quantum Mechanics; Applications To Specific Problems Are Taken Up Only To Illustrate A Principle Or A Calculational Technique Under Discussion. The Book Begins With A Preview Of The Conceptual Problem Peculiar To Quantum Mechanics. The Introductory Chapter Also Contains A Formulation Of The Basic Laws Of Motion In Quantum Mechanics In Terms Of The Feynman Postulates. Chapter 2 Contains A Detailed Exposition Of The Linear Vector Spaces And Representation Theory. In Chapter 3 The Basic Principles Of Quantum Mechanics Are Introduced In The Form Of A Number Of Postulates.The Schrodinger, The Heisenberg And The Interaction Pictures Of Time Development Form The Subject Matter Of Chapter 4. An Indepth Study Of Angular Momentum Theory (Chapter 5) Is Followed By A Brief Account Of Space-Time Symmetries Including Time Reversal Invariance (Chapter 6). Scattering Theory (Chapter 7), Approximation Methods For Stationary As Well As Time-Dependent Problems (Chapter 8) And Identical Particles (Chapter 9) Receive Adequate Treatment. The Dirac, The Klein-Gordon And The Weyl Equations Are Discussed Extensively In Chapter 10. Chapter 11 Treats Canonical Quantization Of Both Non- Relativistic And Relativistic Fields; Topics Covered Include The Natural System Of Units, The Dyson And The Wick Chronological Products, Normal Products, Wick'S Theorem And The Feynman Diagrams. The Last Chapter (12) Discusses In Detail The Interpretational Problem In Quantum Mechanics. The Epr Paradox, The Copenhagen And The Ensemble Interpretations, Hidden-Variable Theories, Neumann'S And Bell S Theorems And Bell'S Inequality Are Among The Topics Discussed. The Appendices Incorporate A Detailed Discussion Of Matrices Both Finite-And-Infinite Dimensional, Antilinear Operators, Dirac Delta Function And Fourier Transforms. A Number Of Problems Are Included With A View To Supplementing The Text.	1993	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122408492	Functional analysis	Balmohan Vishnu Limaye		This Book Is An Introductory Text Written With Minimal Prerequisites. The Plan Is To Impose A Distance Structure On A Linear Space, Exploit It Fully And Then Introduce Additional Features Only When One Cannot Get Any Further Without Them. The Book Naturally Falls Into Two Parts And Each Of Them Is Developed Independently Of The Other The First Part Deals With Normed Spaces, Their Completeness And Continuous Linear Maps On Them, Including The Theory Of Compact Operators. The Much Shorter Second Part Treats Hilbert Spaces And Leads Upto The Spectral Theorem For Compact Self-Adjoint Operators. Four Appendices Point Out Areas Of Further Development.Emphasis Is On Giving A Number Of Examples To Illustrate Abstract Concepts And On Citing Varirous Applications Of Results Proved In The Text. In Addition To Proving Existence And Uniqueness Of A Solution, Its Apprroximate Construction Is Indicated. Problems Of Varying Degrees Of Difficulty Are Given At The End Of Each Section. Their Statements Contain The Answers As Well.	1996	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122408737	Optimization Methods in Operations Research and System Analysis	K V Mital		The Mathematical Aspects Of Operations Research And Systems Analysis Concerned With Optimization Of Objectives Form The Subject Of This Book. In Its Revised, Updated And Enlarged Third Edition, Discussion On Linear Programming Has Been Expanded And Recast With Greater Emphasis On Duality Theory, Sensitivity Analysis, Parametric Programming, Multiobjective And Goal Programming And Formulation And Solution Of Practical Problems. Chapters On Nonlinear Programming Include Integer Programming, Kuhn-Tucker Theory, Separable And Quadratic Programming, Dynamic Programming, Geometric Programming And Direct Search And Gradient Methods. A Chapter On Theory Of Games Is Also Included. A Short Note On Karmarkars Projective Algorithm Is Given In The Appendix.The Book Keeps In View The Needs Of The Student Taking A Regular Course In Operations Research Or Mathematical Programming, And Also Of Research Scholars In Other Disciplines Who Have A Limited Objective Of Learning The Practical Aspects Of Various Optimization Methods To Solve Their Special Problems. For The Former, Illustrative Solved Examples And Unsolved Examples At The End Of Each Chapter, Small Enough To Be Solved By Hand, Would Be Of Greater Interest, While For He Latter, Summaries Of Computational Algorithms For Various Methods Which Would Help Him To Write Computer Programmes To Solve Larger Problems Would Be More Helpful. A Few Computer Programmes In Fortran Iv Have Also Been Given In The Appendix.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122408829	Operations Research Methods And Practice	C. K. Mustafi		Written With The Dual Purpose Of In Depth Study Of Operations Research And Creating An Awareness About Its Applicability The Third Edition Of The Book Covers Diverse Topics Such As Linear Programming, Network Planning, Inventory Control, Waiting Line Problems, Simulation, Problems Of Replacement, Reliability And Elements Of Non-Linear Programming With Appropriate Rigour. It Also Includes Real Life Applications Of Operations Manufacturing To Make The Readers Familiar With Operations Research Methodology. The Book Also Contains Numerous Examples And Exercises With Answers To Help The Students Develop Problem Solving Skill. The New Edition Also Presents Computer Programmes To Be Used On A Personal Computer For The Benefit Of The Students With A Computer Orientation.	2007	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122409413	Money, Banking, Trade And Public Finance	M. C. Vaish		In This Edition, A Full Chapter On Government And The Economy Has Been Added Which Discusses The Role Of The State In Economic Life Of The People. In Addition To This, The Chapters On International Finance, Institutions And International Trade Have Particularly Been Strengthened Through The Addition Of Latest Available Data.The Book Is An Excellent Treatise On The Subject Covering Systematic Discussion Of Carefully Chosen Topics. The Book Has Been Organised Into 53 Chapters Divided Into Six Integrated Parts. Part One Is Devoted To The Discussion Of Theoretical Importance And Practical Role Of Money In The Economy. Part Two Of The Book Is Largely Concerned With The Study Of The Development Of Money Market, Commercial Banks, Central Banking And Discussion Of Different Money Markets And Monetary Policy. Part Three Contains Five Important Theoretical Topics On Foreign Trade And Sector Of The Economy. Part Four Discusses The Development And Functioning Of The Various International Financial Institutions And The Problems Of International Liquidity. Part Five Is Devoted To The Discussion Of Theory Of International Trade And Other Related Topics. Part Six Explains The Theory Of Public Finance And Its Various Aspects Like, Nature And Scope, Principle Of Maximum Social Advantage, Public Expenditure, Public Revenue, Taxation And Public Debt.The Book Is Primarily Meant For Undergraduate Students Of Indian Universities And Various Competitive Examinations.	1997-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122409567	Public Administration: Concepts And Theories	S. P. Naidu		The Main Purpose Of This Book Is To Cater To The Needs Of The Undergraduate Students Of Public Administration And Political Science. It Is Intended To Serve As A Basic Text Book For These Two Categories Of Students.The Book Has Been Broadly Divided Into Four Parts. Part-I Introduces The Nature And Expanding Horizone Of Public Administration As A Discipline. It Also Highlights The Growing Importance Of Public Administration In The Modern State With Special Reference To The Developing Nations And Points Out Its Interdisciplinary Nature. Part-Ii Discusses The Contributions And Theories Of Some Important Early Administrative Theorists. Part-Iii Provides An Understanding Of The Behavioural And Social-Psychological Approaches To The Study Of Public Administration. It Examines The Significance Of The Prismatic-Sala-Model Of F.W. Riggs In The Study Of Comparative Public Administration, The Views Of Edward Weidner On Development Administration And The Concept Of New Public Administration. It Provides A Critique Of Various Administrative Theories Discussed Under Parts Ii And Iii. Part-Iv Explains The Various Concepts In Public Administration And Their Importance And Limitations In Organising Administrative Structures.Keeping In View The Level Of An Average Student, An Attempt Is Made In The Book To Present The Various Topics Covered In Simple. The Special Features Of This Book Are: * Each Part Is Preceded By Learning Objectives And Followed By Various Types Of Questions That Are Usually Set In The Question Papers Of University Examinations, * A Comprehensive Glossary Defining The Various Terms Used In The Study Of Public Administration, And * Brief Life Sketches Of Import Administrative Thinkers.	2005-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122411317	Fluid Mechanics Through Problems	R. J. Garde		This Is An Outcome Of Authors Over Thirty Years Of Teaching Fluid Mechanics To Undergraduate And Postgraduate Students. The Book Is Written With The Purpose That, Through This Book, Student Should Appreciate The Strength And Limitations Of The Theory, And Also Its Potential For Application In Solving A Variety Of Engineering Problems Of Practical Importance. It Makes Available To The Students, Appearing For Diploma And Undergraduate Courses In Civil, Chemical And Mechanical Engineering, A Book Which Briefly Introduces The Necessary Theory, Followed By A Set Of Descriptive/Objective Questions.In Seventeen Chapters The Book Covers The Broad Areas Of Fluid Properties, Kinematics, Dynamics, Dimensional Analysis, Laminar Flow, Boundary Layer Theory, Turbulent Flow, Forces On Immersed Bodies, Open Channel Flow, Compressible And Unsteady Flows, And Pumps And Turbines.	2006-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122413397	Electrical, Electronics And Computer Engineering For Scientists And Engineers	Krishnamurthy		This Book Presents A Lucid And Systematic Exposition Of The Basic Principles Involved In Electrical And Electronics Engineering. A Wide Spectrum Of Concepts Is Covered, Ranging From The Basic Principles Of Electric Circuits To The Advanced Area Of Microprocessors.The Fundamental Concepts Are Explained In Sufficient Detail And Are Adequately Illustrated Through Suitable Solved Examples.This Edition Includes New Chapters On * Dc Machines * Ac Machines * Electrical Measuring Instruments * Communication Systems * OscillatorsThe Discussion Of Several Other Topics Has Also Been Suitably Revised And Updated.The Book Would Serve As An Excellent For Undergraduate Engineering And Diploma Students Of All Disciplines. Amie Candidates And Practising Engineers Would Also Find It Extremely Useful.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122413687	Biotechnology- I : Including Biochemistry,Mathematics,Computer Science	Rajeshwari S. Setty		Written As Per Bangalore University Syllabus. Covers Biochemistry, Mathematics, Statistics And Introduction To Computer Science. Large Number Of Worked Examples And Illustrations. Summary At The End Of Each Chapter. A Large Number Of Theory Questions That Help Make Concepts Clear And Exercise Problems For Practice. An Exhaustive List Of Formulae That Will Serve As Ready Reckoner For Last Minute References.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122414172	Biotechnology - Ii : Including Cell Biology, Genetics, Microbiology	R. S. Setty		The Book Comprehensively Covers The Syllabus Of B.Sc. Biotechnology-2 And Clearly Explains The Basic Concepts In Cell Biology, Genetics And Microbiology. A Molecular Approach To The Study Of Cells Is Followed Throughout The Book. The Text Is Illustrated By A Large Number Of Clearly Drawn Diagrams For An Easier Understanding Of The Subject. Each Chapter Closes With A Summary And A Set Of Review Questions.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122414349	Entrepreneurship Development	S Anil Kumar		This Book Presents A Lucid Treatment Of A Wide Range Of Issues Involved In The Development Of Entrepreneurship. It Presents An Insight Into The Identification Of Business Opportunities, Creating A Venture And Financing And Managing It.The Book Further Explains The Choice Of Technology And Equipment, Man, Machine And Materials Management, Pert And Cpm And Quality Assurance.The Book Highlights The Various Legal Provisions Relevant To Entrepreneurship And Concludes With A Chapter On Social Responsibility And Business Ethics.With Its Wide Coverage And Step-By-Step Approach, The Book Would Serve As An Ideal Text For Various Undergraduate Courses On The Subject Including B. Com., B.A. And B.Sc. (Vocational), Bio-Technology, Bbm, Mba And To The Entrepreneurs.	2008-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122414387	Mergers, Acquisitions and Takeovers	H. R. Machiraju		The Traditional Approach To M&A Was To Restrict The Emergence Of Monopolies. The Modern Approach Embodied In The Takeover Regulations Is Meant To Ensure Efficient Use Of Corporate Resources And Protect The Interests Of Minority Shareholders. The Two Streams Of Corporate Restructuring Are Governed By Different Legislations. Company Law Governs Mergers And Sebi Regulations Govern Takeovers. The Value Of Mergers Which Is Governed By Economic Factors Is Quite Large And Practically Ten Times The Value Of Takeovers. The Market Approach Of Takeovers, However, Instills Discipline In Regard To Use Of Corporate Resources By Promoters And Managements. The Corporate Raider Can Always Approach The Shareholders Directly.The Book Analyses Both The Approaches And Identifies The Need For Strengthening Competition Policy And Preventing The Misuse Of Buyback Provisions For Insider Trading.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122414424	Biotechnology-4,including recombinant DNA technology, environmental biotechnology, animal cell culture	S. Mahesh&A. B. Vedamurthy		This Book Is Designed As Per The Syllabus Of Biotechnology Paper Iv Prescribed By Bangalore University. It Also Fully Covers The Second Year Degree Biotechnology Vocational Course Prescribed By The University Grants Commission (Ugc), New Delhi. The Book Is Divided Into Three Parts As Follows: * Recombinant Dna Technology * Environmental Biotechnology * Animal Cell CultureThe Presentation In Each Part Is Simple And Systematic.The Basic Concepts Have Been Clearly Explained And Their Functions Are Adequately Highlighted. A Few Recent Developments Have Also Been Included To Provide A Contemporary Understanding Of The Subject.	2003-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122414677	Fundamentals of metal cutting and machine tools	B. L. Juneja&Nitin Seth		The Book Is Intended To Serve As A Textbook For The Final And Pre-Final Year B.Tech. Students Of Mechanical, Production, Aeronautical And Textile Engineering Disciplines. It Can Be Used Either For A One Or A Two Semester Course. The Book Covers The Main Areas Of Interest In Metal Machining Technology Namely Machining Processes, Machine Tools, Metal Cutting Theory And Cutting Tools. Modern Developments Such As Numerical Control, Computer-Aided Manufacture And Non-Conventional Processes Have Also Been Treated. Separate Chapters Have Been Devoted To The Important Topics Of Machine Tool Vibration, Surface Integrity And Machining Economics. Data On Recommended Cutting Speeds, Feeds And Tool Geometry For Various Operations Has Been Incorporated For Reference By The Practising Engineer.Salient Features Of Second Edition * Two New Chapters Have Been Added On Nc And Cnc Machines And Part Programming. * All Chapters Have Been Thoroughly Revised And Updated With New Information. * More Solved Examples Have Been Added. * New Material On Tool Technology. * Improved Quality Of Figures And More Photographs.	2003	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122414998	Biotechnology-3: Including Molecular Biology Biophysics	S. Mahesh		The Present Book Covers The Syllabus Of Biotechnology-3 Prescribed By Bangalore University And Second Year Degree, Biotechnology Vocational Course (Ugc), New Delhi. The Book Endeavours To Furnish A Simple, Understandable Text For Students. This Book Has Been Divided Into Two Major Parts, Part A Includes Molecular Biology And Part B Includes Biophysics.One Of The Highlights Of This Book Is That, Part B (Biophysics) Elaborates The Information On Biological Science At The Backdrop Of Physics Concepts.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122415223	Research Methodology : Methods And Techniques	Dr C R Kothari		This Second Edition Has Been Thoroughly Revised And Updated And Efforts Have Been Made To Enhance The Usefulness Of The Book. In This Edition A New Chapter The Computer : Its Role In Research Have Been Added Keeping In View Of The Fact That Computers By Now Become A Indispensable Part Of Research Equipment. The Other Salient Feature Of This Revised Edition, Subject Contents Have Been Developed And Restructured At Several Places. New Problems Have Also Been Added In Various Chapters.Adoption Of Appropriate Methodology Is An Essential Characteristic Of Quality Research Studies Irrespective Of The Discipline With Which They Are Related. The Present Book Provides The Basic Tenets Of Methodological Research So That Researchers May Become Familiar With The Art Of Using Research Methods And Techniques.The Book Contains Introductory Explanations Of Several Quantitative Methods Enjoying Wide Use In Social Sciences. It Covers A Fairly Wide Range, Related To Research Methodology. The Presentations Are Uniformly Economical And Cogent. Illustrations Given Are Meaningful And Relevant. The Book Can Be Taken As A Well-Organised Guide For Researchers Whose Methodological Background Is Not Extensive.The Book Is Primarily Intended To Serve As A Textbook For Social Science Students Of All Indian Universities. It Will Also Serve As A Text For The Students Of M.Phil, Management, And Students Of Various Institutes. It Will Serve All Practitioners Doing Research Of One Form Or Other In A General Way.	2008-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122415346	Numerical methods,problems and solutions	Mahinder Kumar Jain		Is An Outline Series Containing Brief Text Of Numerical Solution Of Transcendental And Polynomial Equations, System Of Linear Algebraic Equations And Eigenvalue Problems, Interpolation And Approximation, Differentiation And Integration, Ordinary Differential Equations And Complete Solutions To About 300 Problems. Most Of These Problems Are Given As Unsolved Problems In The Authors Earlier Book. User Friendly Turbo Pascal Programs For Commonly Used Numerical Methods Are Given In The Appendix. This Book Can Be Used As A Text/Help Book Both By Teachers And Students.	2007	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122415438	Spectroscopy of Organic Compounds	P S Kalsi		The Sixth Edition Of This Widely Used Text Includes New Examples / Spectra / Explanations / Expanded Coverage To Update The Topic Of Spectroscopy. The Artwork And Material In All Chapters Has Been Revised Extensively For Students Understanding.New To This Edition * New Discussion And New Ir, 1H Nmr, 13C Nmr And Ms Spectra. * More Important Basic Concepts Highlighted And Put In Boxes Throughout This Edition. * Chapters On 1H Nmr And 13C Nmr Rewritten And Enlarged. More On Cosy, Hetcor, Dept And Inadequate Spectra. * A Rational Approach For Solving The Structures Via Fragmentation Pathways In Ms. * Increased Power Of The Book By Providing Further Extensive Learning Material In This Revised Edition. * A Quick And An Easy Access To Topics In Ugc Model Curricula.With Its Comprehensive Coverage And Systematic Presentation The Book Would Serve As An Excellent Text For B.Sc. (Hons.) And M.Sc. Chemistry Students. It Provides Knowledge To Excel At Any Level, University Examination, Competitive Examinations E.G. Net And Before Interview Boards.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122416077	Monochrome and Colour Television	R.R. Gulati		The Text Is Based On The Ccir 625-B Monochrome (Black & White) And Pal-B And G Colour Television Standards As Adopted By India And Many Other Countries. The American And French Tv Systems Have Also Been Given Due Coverage While Presenting Various Aspects Of The Subject Starting From Television Camera To The Receiver Picture Tube.Keeping In View The Fact That Colour And Monochrome Telecasts Will Co-Exist In India For At Least A Decade, The Author Has Included Relevant Details And Modern Techniques Of Both The Systems.Conceptually The Book May Be Considered To Have Four Sections. The Initial Chapters (1 To 10) Are Devoted To The Essentials Of Transmission, Reception And Applications Of Television Without Involving Detailed Circuitry. The Next 14 Chapters (11 To 24) Explain Basic Design Considerations And Modern Circuitry Of Various Sections Of The Receiver. Topics Like Tv Games, Cable Television, Cctv, Remote Control, Automatic Frequency Tuning, Automatic Brightness Control, Electronic Touch Tuning Etc. Are Also Discussed.The Third Section (Chapters 25 And 26) Is Exclusively Devoted To The Colour Television Transmission And Reception. All The Three Colour Television Systems Have Been Described. Chapters 27 To 30 Are Devoted To Complete Receiver Circuits-Both Monochrome And Colour, Electronic Instruments Necessary For Receiver Manufacture And Servicing, Alignment Procedure, Fault Finding And Servicing Of Black & White And Colour Receivers.The Complete Text Is Presented In A Way That Students Having Basic Knowledge Of Electronics Will Find No Difficulty In Grasping The Complexities Of Television Transmission And Reception.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122416114	Dietetics	B Srilakshmi		This Book Presents An Exhaustive And Up-To-Date Exposition Of Nutrition And Food Requirements During The Normal Stages Of Life As Well As During Cases Of Various Diseases. * It Describes In Detail The Nutritional Requirements Of Adults, Infants, Children, Adolescents And Ageing Persons. * Explains The Food Requirements Of Expectant Mothers And Lactating Women. * Highlights The Importance Of Phytochemicals In The Prevention Of Degenerative Diseases. * Includes A New Chapter In Which Functional Foods Are Discussed. * Highlights The Correct Diet In Cases Of Fever, Obesity, Anaemia, Diabetes, Ulcers, Food Allergy And Diseases Of The Gastrointestinal Disorders, Heart, Liver And Kidneys. * Includes Additional Chapters On Diet In Cases Of Cancer And Genetic Disorders As Well As On The Nutritional Requirements Of Athletes. * Each Topic Is Explained In A Simple And Systematic Manner, Supported By Relevant Illustrations, Tables And Charts.With All These Features, This Is An Essential Text For Undergraduate And Post-Graduate Courses On Nutrition And Dietetics. The Book Would Also Be Extremely Useful To The General Reading Public As An Authoritative Reference Source.``The Book Is Well Written, Concise, Reasonably Priced And Can Be Recommended As A Textbook For Undergraduates.``-Journal Of Food Science And Technology, 2000.	2007	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417302	Westermann Tables for the Metal Trade	H. Jutz		Materials Numerical Quantities-Forms Tables Compiled For The Metal Trade Are Dedicated To Vocational Schools As Well As To Practical Usage At The Job Site. Although The Tables Have Been Compiled For Use Primarily By The Apprentice, The Specialized Worker Will Also Find Them Useful. Every Effort Has Been Made To Shorten The Sometimes Tedious Operations And The Arrangement Of Subject Matter Is Such That Its Contents Are Readily Available To The Practical Man.Much Painstaking Effort Must Go In Compiling And Arranging Such Tables. Information Must Be So Selected That The Reader Can, From The Bulk Of Material, Easily Find Out The Subject Of His Interest. Often, A Decision Of Either Selecting An Item Or Rejecting It Proves Difficult. Too Much Material Packed Into Tabular Compilations Can Be As Harmful As The Omission Of Some Vital Pieces Of Information.Not Only The Selection But Also The Arrangement Of Material Requires Considerable Thought If The Contents Of The Tabular Compilations Have To Be Offered For Ready Reference. Only Then Can The Reader Decide Where To Look For Proper Information. The Principle Of Order Must Be Evident At Once.	2006-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417319	Biotechnology,cell biology and genetics	Rajeshwari S. Setty		This Book, Biotechnology Part-1 Is Written As Per The Latest Syllabus Of Biotechnology For The First Semester B.Sc. Students Of Bangalore University. The Book Contains Up-To-Date Exhaustive Information And Is Written In A Simple Manner That Should Make The Understanding Of This Subject Easy For The Students.	2006-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417722	Fundamentals of heat and mass transfer	C.P. Kothandaraman&S. Subramanyan		Salient Features# A Number Of Complex Problems Along With The Solutions Are Provided# Objective Type Questions For Self-Evaluation And Better Understanding Of The Subject# Problems Related To The Practical Aspects Of The Subject Have Been Worked Out# Checking The Authenticity Of Dimensional Homogeneity In Case Of All Derived Equations# Validation Of Numerical Solutions By Cross Checking# Plenty Of Graded Exercise Problems From Simple To Complex Situations Are Included# Variety Of Questions Have Been Included For The Clear Grasping Of The Basic Principles# Redrawing Of All The Figures For More Clarity And Understanding# Radiation Shape Factor Charts And Heisler Charts Have Also Been Included# Essential Tables Are Included# The Basic Topics Have Been Elaborately Discussed# Presented In A More Better And Fresher Way	2008-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417791	Food Science	Sumati R Mudambi		The Book Deals With The Nature Of Food Study From Chemical, Biochemical And Physical Point Of View. Foods As A Source Of Nutrients In The Indian Dietary And Selection Of A Balanced Diet Based On Usage Of Foods Of Indian Origin Is Discussed In Detail.The Effects Of Processing On The Food Components And The Acceptability Of Food Products Is Discussed With Examples Of Indian Foods. All Plant And Animal Foods Grown And Used In Our Dietary Are Discussed In Detail From The Point Of View Of Composition, Sources, Nature, Preparation, Processing And Storage.Food Preservation Principles And Methods Have Been Discussed With Special Emphasis On Home-Scale Preservation. Food Sanitation And Hygiene, Food-Borne Diseases, Food Laws And Food Standards Have Been Discussed To Emphasize The Safety Aspect Of Foods.	2007	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417920	Extra High Voltage A.C. Transmission Engineering	R.D. Begamudre		Modern Power Transmission Is Utilizing Voltages Between 345 Kv And 1150 Kv, A.C. Distances Of Transmission And Bulk Powers Handled Have Increased To Such An Extent That Extra High Voltages And Ultra High Voltages (Ehv And Uhv) Are Necessary. The Problems Encountered With Such High Voltage Transmission Lines Exposed To Nature Are Electrostatic Fields Near The Lines, Audible Noise, Radio Interference, Corona Losses, Carrier And Tv Interference, High Voltage Gradients, Heavy Bundled Conductors, Control Of Voltages At Power Frequency Using Shunt Reactors Of The Switched Type Which Inject Harmonics Into The System, Switched Capacitors, Overvoltages Caused By Lightning And Switching Operations, Long Air Gaps With Weak Insulating Properties For Switching Surges, Ground-Return Effects, And Many More. The Important Topic Of E.H.V. Cable Transmission Upto 1200 Kv Is Gaining Ground With Oil-Filled, Pplp, Xlpe, And Sf6 Insulation.The Book Covers All Topics That Are Considered Essential For Understanding The Operation And Design Of E.H.V. Ac Overhead Lines And Underground Cables. Theoretical Analyses Of All Problems Combined With Practical Application Are Presented In Detail. Ehv Laboratory Equipment And Testing Are Fully Covered Together With Application Of Digital Recorders, Fibre Optics, Etc. For Impulse Measurements. Every Chapter Contains Many Worked Examples In Order To Illustrate And Reinforce The Theory. All Examples Are Taken From Practical Situations As Far As Possible.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417999	Total Quality Management	Nvr. Naidu&G. Rajendra		This Book Covers All Aspects Of Total Quality Management(Tqm). It Provides Not Only The Principles And Practices But Also The Tools And Techniques. It Ensures The Reader To Have A Sound Understanding Of All The Concepts Of Tqm.Salient Features * It Presents Comprehensive Coverage Instructional Needs Of Business, Education, Engineering, Health-Care, Technology Students In Professional Education Institutions. * Provides Detailed Solutions To Problems In Attribute And Variable Control Charts And Acceptance Sampling Plan. * It Contains Tqm Concepts Of Leadership, Customer-Satisfactions, Employee Involvements, Continuous Process Improvement, And Supplier Partnership And Performance Measures. * It Covers Quality Systems, Bench Marking, Quality Function Deployment, Quality By Design, Experimental Design And Taguchi S Quality Engineering.	2006-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122418255	Hydrology,principles. analysis, design	H M Raghunath		An Attempt Is Made To Place Before Students (Degree And Post-Degree) And Professionals In The Fields Of Civil And Agricultural Engineering, Geology And Earth Sciences, This Important Branch Of Hydroscience, I.E., Hydrology. It Deals With All Phases Of The Hydrologic Cycle And Related Opics In A Lucid Style And In Metric System. There Is A Departure From Empiricism, With Emphasis On Collection Of Hydrological Data, Processing And Analysis Of Data, And Hydrological Design On Sound Principles And Matured Judgement.Large Number Of Hydrological Design Problems Are Worked Out At The End Of Each Article, To Illustrate The Principles Involved And The Design Procedure. Problems For Assignment Are Given At The End Of Each Chapter, Along With Objective Type And Intelligence Questions.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122418262	All About Machine Tools	H. Gerling		The Text Throughout Describes Everything About Machine Tools. It Comprises All The Concepts, Machining Operations, Physical Principles And Their Applications With Related And Convincing Examples In A Crystal-Clear Manner.The Approach Of The Subject Has Been Narrated In Lucid Way, Which Makes The Text Interesting To Read And Easy To Understand. It Also Deals With The Workpieces And Tools Manufacturing, The Measuring And Checking Of These Parts Along With The Time Calculated During All These Processes.This Edition Particularly Envelops The Theory Of Manufacture, Which Can Help The Concerned Person, Not Only Working In Workshops But Also To Help Him In Individual Practising.The Book Is Highly Useful In Technical Institutions And Schools.	2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122418286	Comprehensive Biotechnology- 4 : Including Molecular Biology	S. Mahesh		The Present Book Covers The Syllabus Of Second-Year Degree B.Sc. Course In Bio-Technology (Fourth Semester), Prescribed By Bangalore University. It Extensively Covered The Recent Developments In The Exciting Areas Of Biotechnology And Its Impact On Mankind.This Book Is Also Useful For The Students Of B.E. Course In The Technology Prescribed By Visweswarayya Technological University (Vtu). This Book Endeavors To Furnish A Simple, Understandable Text For The Students. This Book Contains 11 Chapters On Molecular Biology. Sufficient Illustrations Were Given Whenever Possible.	2006-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122418651	Steam Tables	C P Kothandaraman		# Extensive Table Of Properties Of Saturated Steam Both Temperature Based And Pressure Based# Elaborate Table Of Properties Of Superheated Steam With All Required Properties Readable At One Glance# Table Of Van Der Waalls Constants And Critical Compressibility Factor For Gases# Table Of Enthalpy Of Formation And Higher And Lower Heating Values Of Fuels# Table Of Thermodynamic Properties Of Gases# Table Of Thermal Properties Of Saturated Water# Mollier Chart For Steam# Psychrometric Chart# Generalized Compressibility Chart	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122418682	Modern Television Practice : Principles,Technology & Servicing	R.R. Gulati		The Television Technology Is Advancing And Thus It Becomes Necessary To Revise Present Edition To Include All That Is New In The Area Of Television Transmission And Reception. Thus, While All The Features Of 1St And 2Nd Editions Have Been Retained, The Below Listed New Topics Have Been Added As Separate Chapters In This 3Rd Edition. * Digital Satellite Transmission And Reception * Advanced Television Systems Edtv, Hdtv, Dth-Tv, Dtt * Liquid Crystal Technology And Lcd Display Panels * Plasma Based Display Screens * New Era Mems Based Projection Television Systems	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122419139	Gas tables for compressible flow calculations	S. M. Yahya		The Subject Of Compressible Flow Or Gas Dynamics Deals With The Thermo-Fluid Dynamic Problems Of Gases And Vapours. It Is Now An Important Part Of The Undergraduate And Postgraduate Curricula. Fundamentals Of Compressible Flow Covers This Subject In Fourteen Well Organised Chapters In A Lucid Style. A Large Mass Of Theoretical Material And Equations Has Been Supported By A Number Of Figures And Graphical Depictions. Author'S Sprawling Teaching Experience In This Subject And Allied Areas Is Reflected In The Clarity, And Systematic And Logical Presentation.Salient FeaturesBegins With Basic Definitions And Formulas.Separate Chapters On Adiabatic Flow, Isentropic Flow And Rate Equations.Includes Basics Of The Atmosphere, And Measuring Techniques.Separate Sections On Wind Tunnels, Laser Techniques, Hot Wires And Flow Measurement.Discusses Applications In Aircraft And Rocket Propulsion, Space Flights, And Pumping Of Natural Gas.Contains Large Number Of Solved And Unsolved Problems.The Present Edition Has An Additional Chapter (14) On Miscellaneous Problems In Compressible Flow (Gas Dynamics). This Is Designed To Support The Tutorials, Practice Exercises And Examinations. Problems Have Been Specially Chosen For Students And Engineers In The Areas Of Aerospace, Chemical, Gas And Mechanical Engineering.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122419825	Fundamentals Of Foods, Nutrition And Diet Therapy	Sumati R. Mudambi		This Book Has Consistently Been Used By Students Studying The First Course In Food Science And Nutrition. In Several Universities, Diet Therapy Topics Have Been Added In The Curricula Of This Course. Therefore, Diet Therapy Has Been Added In This Revision, With A Hope Of Meeting The Changing Needs Of The Readers In This Area.The Revised Edition Incorporates Various Other Subjects, Which Are More Or Less Related To The Useful Subjects, Like Nursing, Education, Art, Social Sciences, Home Science, Medical And Paramedical Sciences, Agriculture, Community Health, Environmental Health And Pediatrics Etc.The Book Is Intended To Be An Ideal Textbook Encompassing The Following Aspects: * Introduction To The Study Of Nutrition * Nutrients And Energy * Foods * Meal Planning And Management * Diet TherapyVarious Modifications Have Been Done Along With Clear Illustrations, Chartsand Tables For A Visualised Practical Knowledge.Every Chapter Is Presented In A Beautiful Style With An Understandable Approach. Abbreviations Of All Terms Are Given. Glossary Is Also Available At The End For Clear Understanding.Appendices, Food Exchange Lists, Recommended Dietary Allowances For Indians And Food Composition Tables Have Also Been Included.So Many Other Useful Informations Are Given, Regarding The Food And Dietary Habits According To The Age And Height Of Males/Females.We Hope This Textbook Would Fulfil The Goal Of Serving The Cause In An Appropriate Manner Nutrition For A Disease-Free Society.	2007	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122420081	Control Systems Engineering	I.J. Nagrath		The Book Provides An Integrated Treatment Of Continuous-Time And Discrete-Time Systems For Two Courses At Undergraduate Level Or One Course At Postgraduate Level. The Stress Is On The Interdisciplinary Nature Of Subject And Examples Have Been Drawn From Various Engineering Disciplines To Illustrate The Basic System Concepts. A Strong Emphasis Is Laid On Modeling Of Practical Systems Involving Hardware; Control Components Of A Wide Variety Are Comprehensively Covered. Time And Frequency Domain Techniques Of Analysis And Design Of Control Systems Have Been Exhaustively Treated And Their Interrelationship Established.Adequate Breadth And Depth Is Made Available For Second Course. The Coverage Includes Digital Control Systems: Analysis, Stability And Classical Design; State Variables For Both Continuous-Time And Discrete-Time Systems; Observers And Pole-Placement Design; Liapunov Stability; Optimal Control; And Recent Advances In Control Systems: Adaptive Control, Fuzzy Logic Control, Neural Network Control.Silent Features * State Variables Concept Introduced In Chapter 2 * Examples And Problems Around Obsolete Technology Updated. New Examples Added * Robotics Modeling And Control Included * Pid Tuning Procedure Well Explained And Illustrated * Robust Control Introduced In A Simple And Easily Understood Style * State Variable Formulation And Design Simplified And Generalizations Built On Examples * Digital Control; Both Classical And Modern Approaches, Covered In Depth * A Chapter On Adaptive, Fuzzy Logic And Neural Network Control, Amenable To Undergraduate Level Use, Included * Chapter On Nonlinear Systems Added * An Appendix In Matlab With Examples From Time And Frequency Domain Analysis And Design, Included.	2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122420265	Colour T.V. Principles And Practice	R.R Gulati		The Text Is Based On Ccir-625 Line Pal B&G Colour Television Standards Adopted By Many European, Middle-East, African And Asian Countries Including India. The Coverage Is Also Relevant To Pal-I Standards Adopted By U.K. The American Ntsc; French And Russian Secam Colour Tv Systems Have Also Been Accorded Due Coverage.It Is For The First Time That A Serious Effort Has Been Made To Describe Functions Of Colour Receiver Ics Together With Adequate Explanation Of Their Peripheral Circuitry. Both Earlier And Present Integrated Circuits Have Been Included In The Text To Maintain Continuity In Circuit Development. While Preparing The Text, It Has Been Assumed That The Reader Is Familiar With Basics Of Tv Technology And Circuitry Employed In Monochrome Receivers. However, Due Care Has Been Taken To Present The Material In Such A Way That All Those Having Knowledge Of The Building Blocks Of Electronics Will Have No Difficulty In Learning The Essentials Of This Fascinating Subject Of Television.	2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122423563	Stereochemistry Conformation and Mechanism	Kalsi P.S.		Stereochemistry has always occupied a central position and is pivotal to the practice of organic chemistry. A solid understanding of this subject is indeed critical to subsequent success in a science career. Stereochemistry is, therefore, a core constituent both at the undergraduate and postgraduate chemistry courses. This seventh edition is extensively revised and enlarged by adding new material to take account of recent developments and extensive amendments have been made to improve clarity. The key features of this new addition are: a brand new design. Incorporation of basic principles in boxes directly links the students to the main text;, and a large number of exercises with their solutions have been now added in each chapter. These exercises are set at appropriate places so that the students can test their command of a particular topic. New problems have been added at the end of each chapter. Chemical illustrations have been modified and developed for clarity and information. Generally the figures contain text as well, to decrease the need to refer back and forth to the text and for better understanding.	2008	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9780321544940	The IPhone Pocket Guide	Christopher Breen		Here's your essential companion to Applers"s iPhone. This handy, low-priced book is packed with quick results so you can jump in and master the iPhone right away. Snappy writing, eye-catching graphics, and a fresh design walks you through the most common iPhone tasks. The iPhone Pocket Guide shows you how to: Set up and quickly start using your phone/iPod/Internet device. Make and receive calls and send text messages with your phone. Sync calendar and contacts between the iPhone and your Mac or Windows PC. Send email using AT&Trs"s wireless network or a Wi-Fi connection. Listen to songs and watch movies and TV shows (and YouTube!). Surf the Web using the built-in Safari browser. View photos and take pictures with the built-in camera. Get instant info using the built-in Stocks, Maps, Weather, and Clock applications. Run the numbers with Calculator and jot quick reminders with Notes. Fix common problems and learn what to do if you canrs"t fi x them yourself.	2008	Peachpit Press						ZZZ000000
9781408215333	The Pearson General Knowledge Manual 2010 (New Edition)	Thorpe		An Updated and Revised Edition of the Most Popular General Knowledge Manual	2010	Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131700426	Routing TCP/IP, Volume 1	Jeff Doyle&Jennifer DeHaven Carroll		Praised in its first edition for its approachable style and wealth of information, this new edition provides readers a deep understanding of IP routing protocols, teaches how to implement these protocols using Cisco routers, and brings readers up to date protocol and implementation enhancements. Routing TCP/IP, Volume 1, Second Edition, includes protocol changes and Cisco features that enhance routing integrity, secure routers from attacks initiated through routing protocols, and provide greater control over the propagation of routing information for all the IP interior routing protocols.	2006	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131700501	Gravity: An Introduction to Einstein's General Relativity	Hartle		Einstein'S Theory Of General Relativity Is A Cornerstone Of Modern Physics. It Also Touches Upon A Wealth Of Topics That Students Find Fascinating Black Holes, Warped Spacetime, Gravitational Waves, And Cosmology. Until Now, It Has Not Been Included In The Curriculum Of Many Undergraduate Physics Courses Because The Required Math Is Too Advanced. The Aim Of This Ground-Breaking New Text Is To Bring General Relativity Into The Undergraduate Curriculum And Make This Fundamental Theory Accessible To Virtually All Physics Majors.		Pearson Education						SCI061000
9788131700907	Introduction to Materials Science for Engineers, 6/e (with 2 CDs)	Shackelford		This Text Provides A Balanced And Current Treatment Of The Full Spectrum Of Engineering Materials, Covering All The Physical Properties, Applications And Relevant Properties Associated With The Subject. It Explores All The Major Categories Of Materials While Offering Detailed Examinations Of A Wide Range Of New Materials With High-Tech Applications.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131701720	Business Communication: Concepts, Cases and Applications	Chaturvedi		Most Books On Business Communication Focus, Mainly, On What It Is Definition, Nature, Process, Form, Types, And So On. This Book, With Cases And Applications, Besides Concepts, Shows For The First Time, How Total Communication Skills Can Be Developed. The Book Propounds That Business Communication Skill Is Not Just A Managerial Ability; It Is Also An Extraordinary Trait. Effective Business Communication Is Not Just Purpose-Driven; It Is Also A Complete Strategy. Thus, It Is Not A Speaker Or Writer Who Communicates; It Is The Total Individual, A Personality . Presented In A Reader-Friendly Style, The Book Can Be Effectively Used By Students, Faculty And Executives For Teaching, Training And Self-Development Equally Comfortably.	2006	Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131701881	Cases in Rural Marketing : An Integrated Approach	Krishnamacharyulu		Rural Marketing Has Emerged As An Exciting And Dynamic Discipline. One Way Of Learning This Discipline Is Through Case Method. Cases Provide The Students An Opportunity To Develop An Appreciation To The Real-Life Problem Situations, Help Unfold Challenges And Sharpen The Skills Of Analysis And Decision Making.		Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131703090	Optical Fiber Communication: Principles and Practice, 2/e	Senior		This Is The Second Edition Of This Highly Successful Book, Giving An Introduction To The Fundamentals, Problems And Techniques Of Design And Utilisation Of Optical Fibre Systems. All The Chapters Have Been Updated And Many Have Been Extended With Extra Sections Including The Most Recent Developments. In Addition, Three New Chapters Have Been Incorporated		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131703182	Network Analysis with Applications, 4/e (with CD)	Stanley		A Unique Feature Of The Book Is That The First Two Chapters Provide A Mini-Course In Basic Resistive Circuit Analysis For The Purpose Of Strengthening The Reader S Background. It Is An In-Depth Study Of The Basic Circuit Theorems And Network Analysis Methods, With The Treatment Limited To Those Concepts Essential For Advanced Study. A Reader Without A Formal Electrical Background Could Conceivably Acquire A Sufficient Background From These Chapters To Deal With The Remainder Of The Book.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131703892	Aircraft Electrical Systems	E.H.J. Pallett		The Third Edition Of This Established Text Continues To Provide Up-To-Date Information On The Operating Principles And Applications Of The Systems And Equipment Used In Aircraft For The Generation, Distribution And Utilisation Of Electrical Power. The Fundamental Principles Of Electricity Are Reviewed, And Systems And Equipment Used In A Wise Range Of Aircraft Currently In Service Are Dealt With. The Text Is Supported By Numerous Diagrams, Photographs And Useful Appendices. Examination-Type Test Question Are Included At The End Of The Book. Intended As A Course Book For Students Wishing To Obtain An Aircraft Maintenance Engineer S License.	1987	Pearson						ZZZ000000
9788131704035	The Indian economy,policies, practices, and heresies	Jayanta Sarkar		Since Independence, India Has Been Pursuing Economic Policies And Programmes Which Unwittingly Or Knowingly Are Turning Out To Be Copies Or Adaptations Of What Is Being Followed Elsewhere, Sometimes Without Any Effort To Customise Them To Local Conditions, Ethos Or Legacy.This Book Demonstrates The Pitfalls Of Such An Approach. It Presents A Slew Of Ideas That Might Seem Heretical When Viewed Against Today'S Popular Economic Mantras, Covering Issues In Such Basic Areas As Agricultural Reforms, Deployment Of Resources, Pricing Norms, Deficit Financing, Trading Operations, Unemployment, Family Planning, Savings, And Rampaging Corruption. At The Same Time, Jayanta Sarkar Also Indicates Possible Lines Of Modifications Or Alternatives That Could Make These Policies More Acceptable And People-Friendly. This Book Becomes Especially Topical When Viewed Alongside The Increasing Disillusionment With Neo-Liberal Economic Policies Among People All Over The World.	2007	Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131704677	The Art of UNIX Programming	Raymond		The Art Of Unix Programming Poses The Belief That Understanding The Unwritten Unix Engineering Tradition And Mastering Its Design Patterns Will Help Programmers Of All Stripes To Become Better Programmers. This Book Attempts To Capture The Engineering Wisdom And Design Philosophy Of The Unix, Linux, And Open Source Software Development Community As It Has Evolved Over The Past Three Decades, And As It Is Applied Today By The Most Experienced Programmers.Eric Raymond Offers The Next Generation Of Hackers The Unique Opportunity To Learn The Connection Between Unix Philosophy And Practice Through Careful Case Studies Of The Very Best Unix/Linux Programs.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131704967	Research Methodology	Kumar		This Book Is Designed Specifically For Students Who Do Not Have Any Previous Experience Or Knowledge Of Research And Research Methodology. This Practical Step-By-Step Approach Provides Students With A Strong Framework Of Methods And Procedures Used In Both Quantitative And Qualitative Research Covering The Different Concepts Through The Use Of Simple Examples And Providing Theoretical Knowledge In A Simple To Complex Progression. This Clear And Concise Text Focuses On Developing Research Skills In Student Through Providing Qualitative And Quantitative Approaches In An Integrated Manner. The Writing Style Provides Clear Guidance Through Each Section To Simplify Understanding Of The Normally Complex Area.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131705315	Wavelet Transforms	Raghuveer M. Rao		This Book Identifies Problems For Which Wavelet Transform Techniques Are Well-Suited, Shows How To Implement Wavelet Transforms Efficiently, And Explains How To Choose Or Design Appropriate Wavelets For A Given Application. Practical In Their Approach, The Authors Present The Material In A Visual And Comprehensive Manner, Using Geometric Analogies And Filtering Concepts. The Book Is Written In A Language Familiar To Readers With A Basic Undergraduate Engineering Degree.	1998	Pearson Education						MAT034000
9788131705537	FreeBSD 6 Unleashed (with DVD) (SAMS)	Tiemann Brian&Urban		FreeBSD is extremely robust and powers some of the largest internet sites in world including Yahoo!. FreeBSD 6 Unleashed provides complete coverage of everything you need to know to use FreeBSD to its full potential, including coverage of FreeBSD 6.0. This edition includes updated coverage of Apache, MySQL and Sendmail, as well as added coverage of PowerPC support for Macintosh G3 and G4 platforms. This will be the most up to date, comprehensive reference on the market covering FreeBSD 6.0.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131705575	Thinking in Java	Eckel		Thinking In Java Has Earned Raves From Programmers Worldwide For Its Extraordinary Clarity, Careful Organization, And Small, Direct Programming Examples. It'S The Definitive Introduction To Object-Oriented Programming In The Language Of The World Wide Web. From The Fundamentals Of Java Syntax To Its Most Advanced Features, Thinking In Java Is Designed To Teach, One Simple Step At A Time. Fully Updated For J2Se5 With Many New Examples And Chapters.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131706008	Elements of materials science and engineering	Van Vlack		This Classic Textbook, Elements Of Materials Science And Engineering, Is The Sixth In A Series Of Texts That Have Pioneered In The Educational Approach To Materials Science Engineering And Have Literally Brought The Evolving Concept Of The Discipline To Over One Million Students Around The World.	1975	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131706350	The Knowledge Management Toolkit: Practical Techniques for Building a Knowledge Management System, 2/e (with CD)	Tiwana		Thoroughly Revised To Reflect Todays Latest Tools, Technologies, And Best Practices, This Hands-On Guide Walks Students Through The Development Of A State-Of-The-Art Enterprise Knowledge Management Platform That Can Leverage A Companys Existing Investments In Intranets, Data Warehousing, Data Mining, Groupware, And Other Technologies. It Offers A Complete Roadmap For Building Km Systems Incrementally With Each Step Delivering New Business Value, And Seamlessly Building On The Work That Preceded It. Students Gain Hands-On Experience By Through Their Own Km Projects.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131706626	DB2 Universal Database V8.1 Certification Exams 701 and 706 Study Guide	Sanders		This Book Covers The Second Fundamentals Exam (Test 701) An Individual Needs To Pass In Order To Become An Ibm Certified Database Adminstrator. Written By A Db2 Udb Certified Author Who Worked Directly With The Db2 Udb Version 8.1 Certification Exam Development Team And Reviewed By The Ibm Data Management Certification Program Manager, This Book Is Guaranteed To Provide The Reader With All Of The Information Needed To Pass The V8.1 Certification Test 701.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131706794	TSP (SM) Leading a Development Team	Humphrey		This Book Describes And Documents The Psp (Personal Software Process) For Individual Software Developers, And Introduces Them To The Tsp (Team Software Process) For Teams. With Examples And Data Drawn From Real-World Development Projects, It Shows How Developers Can Better Manage And Dramatically Improve Their Personal Software Process. In Doing So, Organizations Become Better Able To Deliver Defect-Free Software On Time And Under Budget. In Short, This Book Is The Industrial Version Of The Author'S Incredibly Influential A Discipline For Software Engineering. It Build Upon And Modernizes That Text (As Well As Humphrey'S Previous Psp And Tsp Books) To Present A Contemporary And Completely Updated Approach Toward The Highly Important Topic Of Software Process Improvement.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131706992	Inorganic Chemistry	Alan G. Sharpe		The 3Rd Edition Of Inorganic Chemistry Provides An Excellent Introduction To The Subject. The Fully Revised Text Takes Account Of Important Advances, And A New Larger Format Provides Accessibility. The Exercises Have Been Updated And New Outline Solutions Have Been Added. In This Edition, The Author Has Increased Emphasis On Solid State Chemistry And Expanded The Treatment Of Aqueous And Non-Aqueous Solutions.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131707104	Operating Systems: A Systematic View, 6/e	William S. Davis&T. M. Rajkumar		This Sixth Edition Provides Students With An Applied Introduction To The Principles Of Operating Systems While Guiding Them Through Most Operating Systems Used Today. Aimed At Students Who Are Interested In Using, Rather Than Designing, Computer Operating Systems And Networks, The Text Is Designed To Show Why Operating Systems Are Needed And What They Do. This Book Takes Students Through The Principles Of Os And Illustrates Them With A Wealth Of Examples.		Pearson						ZZZ000000
9788131707982	The People Capability Maturity Model: Guidelines for Improving the Workforce	Curtis		This book introduces the SEIs People Capability Maturity Model (P-CMM), a comprehensive, five-level framework for improving workforce practices which draws upon todays best human resources and organizational development processes. The P-CMMs creators show how to characterize the maturity of any organizations workforce practices, guide a program of continuous workforce development, set priorities for immediate action, integrate workforce development with process improvement, and establish a culture of software engineering excellence.	2002	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131709412	Modern Compiler Design	David Galles		A Practical Overview Of All Important Theoretical Topics Mixed With Many Examples. This Book Includes An Integrated Java Project That Leads To A Rich Understanding Of The Issues Involved In Compiler Design.		Pearson Education						COM010000
9788131710562	Engineering Drawing	M. B. Shah&Shah / Rana&B. C. Rana		Engineering Drawing, 2e continues to cover all the fundamental topics of the field, while maintaining its unique focus on the logic behind each concept and method. Based on extensive market research and reviews of the first edition, this edition includes a new chapter on scales, the latest version of AutoCAD, and new pedagogy. The coverage of topics has been made more clear and concise through over 300 solved examples and exercises, with new problems added to help students work progressively through them. Combining technical accuracy with readable explanations, this book will be invaluable to both first-year undergraduate engineering students as well as those preparing for professional exams.	2009	Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131711248	Advanced Modern Engineering Mathematics	James		Building On The Foundations Laid In The Companion Text Modern Engineering Mathematics 3E, This Book Gives An Extensive Treatment Of Some Of The Advanced Areas Of Mathematics That Have Applications In Various Fields Of Engineering, Particularly As Tools For Computer-Based System Modelling, Analysis And Design.		Pearson Education						TEC009000
9788131711316	Operations Management, 8/e	Krajewski		This Eighth Edition Of Operations Management: Processes And Value Chains Features A New Co-Author, Substantial Revision And Improvements While Maintaining Its Perspective And The Strategic Importance Of Operations Within A Business, As In The Past Seven Editions. This Timely And Topical Edition Will Prove Invaluable To Students Looking To Become More Effective Managers In Today S Competitive, Global Environment.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131711972	Organisational Behaviour	Brooks		Perfect For Students Needing A Concise But Broad Introduction To Organisational Behaviour. It Critically Examines The Three Themes Of: Change, Communication And Conflict.Encouraging And Promoting The Critical Examination Of The Theory And Practice, This Book Enables Students To Interpret And Deal With Organisational Problems.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131711989	Bond Markets: Analysis and Strategies, 5/e	Frank J. Fabozzi		This comprehensive textbook on bonds takes a practical real-world approach focusing on the bond market and the tools for managing bond portfolios. It includes a detailed discussion of each type of bond and interest rate derivative. The text features comprehensive discussion of not only the instruments, but their investment characteristics, the state-of-the art technology for valuing them, and portfolio strategies for using them.	2007	Pearson Education						BUS036000
9788131712887	Information Security: Principles and Practices	Merkow		This text has been developed to cover the 10 domains in the Information Security Common Body of Knowledge. They include: Security Management Practices, Security Architecture and Models, Business Continuity Planning (BCP) and Disaster Recovery Planning (DRP), Law, Investigations, and Ethics, Physical Security, Operations Security, Access Control Systems and Methodology, Cryptography, Telecommunications, Network, and Internet Security.		Pearson Education						COM053000
9788131713167	Passport to IELTS	Diana Hopkins		Activities on language structures and vocabulary designed to equip students with the skills needed to succeed in the International English Language Testing System (IELTS) interview.	2007	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131713457	Visual Basic 2005 for Programmers, 2/e	Deitel		The Explanation Of Uml, Intelligently Integrated Into The Book, Conveys The Heart And Soul Of True Object Oriented Architecture And Engineering		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131713570	Applying Domain-Driven Design and Patterns	Nilsson		Applying Domain-Driven Design And Patterns Is The First Complete, Practical Guide To Leveraging Patterns, Domain-Driven Design, And Test-Driven Development In .Net Environments. Drawing On Seminal Work By Martin Fowler And Eric Evans, Jimmy Nilsson Shows How To Customize Real-World Architectures For Any .Net Application. You Ll Learn How To Prepare Domain Models For Application Infrastructure; Support Business Rules; Provide Persistence Support; Plan For The Presentation Layer And Ui Testing; And Design For Service Orientation Or Aspect Orientation. Nilsson Illuminates Each Principle With Clear, Well-Annotated Code Examples Based On C# 2.0, .Net 2.0, And Sql Server 2005. His Examples Will Be Valuable Both To C# Developers And Those Working With Other .Net Languages And Databases -- Or Even With Other Platforms, Such As J2Ee.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131714034	Knowledge Management	Awad&Elias M. Awad&Hassan M. Ghaziri		The Km Subject Matter Is A Subset Of Content Taught In The Decision Support Systems Course. This Text Is About Knowledge How To Capture It, How To Transfer It, How To Share It, And How To Manage It. Awad Takes Students Through A Process-Oriented Examination Of The Topic, Striking A Balance Between The Behavioral And Technical Aspects Of Knowledge Management And Use It.	2007	Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131714409	C: A Reference Manual	Harbison		For C Programming Courses Found In Departments Of Computer Science, Engineering, Cis, Mis, It, Business And Continuing Education.This Authoritative Reference Manual Provides A Complete Description Of The C Language, The Run-Time Libraries, And A Style Of C Programming That Emphasizes Correctness, Portability, And Maintainability. The Authors Describe The C Language More Clearly And In More Detail Than In Any Other Book.	1987	Pearson Education						COM051060
9788131714744	Data Structures and Algorithm Analysis in C++	Mark Allen Weiss		The C++ language is brought up-to-date and simplified, and the Standard Template Library is now fully incorporated throughout the text. Data Structures and Algorithm Analysis in C++ is logically organized to cover advanced data structures topics from binary heaps to sorting to NP-completeness. Figures and examples illustrating successive stages of algorithms contribute to Weiss' careful, rigorous and in-depth analysis of each type of algorithm.	2009	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131714904	Service-Oriented Architecture: Concepts, Technology, and Design	Thomas Erl		Service Oriented Architecture is a misunderstood topic in IT. This work describes the concepts, specifications, and standards behind service orientation and Web Services. Intended for enterprises adopting SOA, it includes advice for service-oriented analysis, planning, and design.Service Oriented Architecture is a hot, but often misunderstood topic in IT today. Thomas articulately describes the concepts, specifications, and standards behind service orientation and Web Services. For enterprises adopting SOA, there is detailed advice for service-oriented analysis, planning, and design. This book is a must read!.	2005	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131715093	Expert C Programming	Van Der		Written For Experienced C Programmers Who Want To Quickly Pick Up Some Of The Insights And Techniques Of Experts And Master The Fine Arts Of Ansi C, This Volume Passes On The Wisdom Of A Highly Experienced C Compiler Writer And His Colleagues To Help Programmers Reach New Heights, And Avoid Common Software Pitfalls Along The Way. Using An Original Approach And A Humorous Style That Makes Deep Knowledge Both Easy And Accessible		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131715369	Data and Computer Communications	William Stallings		With A Focus On The Most Current Technology And A Convenient Modular Format, This Best-Selling Text Offers A Clear And Comprehensive Survey Of The Entire Data And Computer Communications Field. Emphasizing Both The Fundamental Principles As Well As The Critical Role Of Performance In Driving Protocol And Network Design, It Explores In Detail All The Critical Technical Areas In Data Communications, Wide-Area Networking, Local Area Networking, And Protocol Design.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131715635	Tricks of the Microsoft Office 2007 Gurus	By - Paul Mcfedries		Designed to bridge the gap between your expectation and reality, you will go beyond the basics and learn newly discovered techniques, shortcuts, and best practices. Through real-world examples that showcase how the tips and tricks can be used in everyday business tasks, Tricks of the Microsoft Office 2007 Gurus will help you get the most out of Office 2007.  Professional Features Real-world examples showcase how tips and tricks can be used in everyday business tasks  Helps reader find what they need quickly through a separate index of tips organized by job function  Paul McFedries has contacts close to Office, allowing him to provide information and advice not readily available elsewhere		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131715710	The Craft of Software Testing	Marick		For Software Developers Test Their Own Code Or Designs; Independent Testers Testing Someone Else'S Code; And Testers Or Developers Testing Bug Fixes And Other Maintenance Changes.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131715758	Core Visual C ++ 6	Klander		For Professional Developers Who Want To Learn Visual C++, Core Cisual C++ 6 Covers All The Expert Techniques And Tools Needed To Build Industrial-Strength Applications-Fast. Through Extensive, Realistic Code Examples, Top C++ Programmer And Author Lars Klander Gets You Up And Running With Visual C++ Quickly, Then Helps You Master Every Key Visual C++ Skill You Need For Serious Windows Development.You Ll Learn How To Build Sophisticated User Interfaces Using The Document/View Architecture, Then You Ll Master Multithreading And The Constructs Needed To Implement It. You Ll Understand And Work With The Win32 File System And Master The Classes And Methods Available For File Manipulation. In Addition, You Will See How To Incorporate Useful Printing Support In Your Application, How To Use The Visual C++ Debugger And Profiler, And Much More.Whether You Currently Work With Visual Basic, Java, C, Or Cobol, Core Visual C++ 6 Helps You Add Visual C++ To Your Toolbelt, And Get The Professional-Quality Results You Expect-Now!		Pearson Education						COM051060
9788131715802	Macroeconomics	Abel		The fifth edition of Macroeconomics emphasizes a core set of ideas across a variety of topics, providing a comprehensive, balanced treatment of classical and Keynesian economics. This text plays upon students' natural curiosity and desire for relevance by offering a modern, applied approach to traditional topics and an in-depth look at areas of macroeconomics not covered by other texts.	2007	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131715826	The Unified Modeling Language User Guide 2/e(HB)	Booch		For Nearly Ten Years, The Unified Modeling Language (Uml) Has Been The Industry Standard For Visualizing, Specifying, Constructing, And Documenting The Artifacts Of A Software-Intensive System. As The De Facto Standard Modeling Language, The Uml Facilitates Communication And Reduces Confusion Among Project Stakeholders. The Recent Standardization Of Uml 2.0 Has Further Extended The Language'S Scope And Viability. Its Inherent Expressiveness Allows Users To Model Everything From Enterprise Information Systems And Distributed Web-Based Applications To Real-Time Embedded Systems.The In-Depth Coverage And Example-Driven Approach That Made The First Edition Of The Unified Modeling Language User Guide An Indispensable Resource Remain Unchanged. However, Content Has Been Thoroughly Updated To Reflect Changes To Notation And Usage Required By Uml 2.0.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131715918	Software Reuse	Jacobson		How Can I Incorporate Reuse Into My Complex Software Development Process In Order To Gain A Competitive Edge?This Is A Question That Many Have Attempted To Answer By Taking Up Subject Technology, With Varying Degrees Of Success. In Software Reuse: Architecture, Process And Organization For Business, The Authors Present A Brand New, Technically Innovative, Coherent And Systematic Model For Implementing Reuse. They Have Combined Their Experience In The Field Of Object-Oriented Software Engineering, Business Engineering And Systematic Software Reuse To Create The Reuse-Driven Software Engineering Business (Reuse Business) Framework.	1997	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131715970	Multirate Signal Processing	Harris		This Book Provides The Communications Engineer Involved In The Physical Layer Of Communications Systems, The Signal Processing Techniques And Design Tools Needed To Develop Efficient Algorithms For The Design Of Various Systems. These Systems Include Satellite Modems, Cable Modems, Wire-Line Modems, Cell-Phones, Various Radios, Multi-Channel Receivers, Audio Encoders, Surveillance Receivers, Laboratory Instruments, And Various Sonar And Radar Systems. The Emphasis Woven Through The Book Material Is That Of Intuitive Understanding Obtained By The Liberal Use Of Figures And Examples. The Book Contains Examples Of All These Types Of Systems. The Book Also Will Contain Matlab Script Files That Implement The Examples As Well As Design Tools For Filters Similar To The Examples.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131716335	Time Series Analysis: Forecasting & Control, 3/e	Box George		This is a complete revision of a classic, seminal, and authoritative text that has been the model for most books on the topic written since 1970. It explores the building of stochastic (statistical) models for time series and their use in important areas of application -forecasting, model specification, estimation, and checking, transfer function modeling of dynamic relationships, modeling the effects of intervention events, and process control.	1994	Pearson Education						MAT029000
9788131716618	Information Systems Management in Practice, 6/e	Mcnurlin		This text deals with the management of information technology (IT) as it is being practiced in organizations today. Its emphasis is on the current material that information systems executives find important, and organizes it around a framework that provides guidance to students. In this sixth edition, the key themes are the Internet economy, the global marketplace, e-enablement, knowledge management and knowledge sharing. It continues to merge theory with practice through case examples of real companies' use of IT.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131716656	Introduction to Financial Accounting	Horngren Charles T.		Introductory Financial Accounting, 9e provides a unique and perfect blend of robust financial statement analysis with early statement of cash flows coverage.	2009	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131716854	XML: How to Program (with CD)	Deitel		This New Book By The World S Leading Programming-Language Textbook Authors Carefully Explains Xml Based System Developments, Including Programming Multi-Tier, Client/Server, Database-Oriented, Internet And World-Wide-Web-Based Applications In Xml, How To Program, The Deitels And Their Colleagues, Tem R. Nieto, Ted Lin And Praveen Sadhu Discuss.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131717035	Human-computer interaction	Dix		The second edition of Human-Computer Interaction established itself as one of the classic textbooks in the area, with its broad coverage and rigorous approach, this new edition builds on the existing strengths of the book, but giving the text a more student-friendly slant and improving the coverage in certain areas. The revised structure, separating out the introductory and more advanced material will make it easier to use the book on a variety of courses. This new edition now includes chapters on Interaction Design, Universal Access and Rich Interaction, as well as covering the latest developments in ubiquitous computing and Web technologies, making it the ideal text to provide a grounding in HCI theory and practice.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131717059	Advanced UNIX Programming	Rochkind		The Changes To Unix Programming That Have Taken Place Since 1985 Are Extensive To Say The Least. The First Edition Of Advanced Unix Programming Is Still Used And Considered To Be A Must Have Book On Any Unix Programmer'S Shelf. With This New Edition Unix Programmers Now Have A One-Volume, Comprehensive, In-Depth Guide To The Essential System-Level Services Provided To Them By The Unix Family Of Operating Systems - Now Including Linux, Freebsd, And The Mac Os X Kernel (Darwin). All Unix Application Programs, Regardless Of What Language They Are Written In, Run On Top Of These Services, So Mastering Them Is Essential For Successful Unix Programming. And, With A Movement Towards Open-Source Systems, Programmers Will Appreciate The Book'S Emphasis On Portability.	1988	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131717288	Graph Theory	Agnarsson		Once Considered An Unimportant Branch Of Topology, Graph Theory Has Come Into Its Own Through Many Important Contributions To A Wide Range Of Fields And Is Now One Of The Fastest-Growing Areas In Discrete Mathematics And Computer Science. This New Text Introduces Basic Concepts, Definitions, Theorems, And Examples From Graph Theory. The Authors Present A Collection Of Interesting Results From Mathematics That Involve Key Concepts And Proof Techniques; Covers Design And Analysis Of Computer Algorithms For Solving Problems In Graph Theory; And Discuss Applications Of Graph Theory To The Sciences. It Is Mathematically Rigorous, But Also Practical, Intuitive, And Algorithmic.		Pearson Education						MAT013000
9788131718742	Electric Circuits,8/e	Nilsson		The Most Widely Used Introductory Circuits Textbook. Emphasis Is On Student And Instructor Assessment.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131718858	Inorganic chemistry	Miessler		This Highly Readable Text Provides The Essentials Of Inorganic Chemistry At A Level That Is Neither Too High (For Novice Students) Nor Too Low (For Advanced Students). It Has Been Praised For Its Coverage Of Theoretical Inorganic Chemistry. It Discusses Molecular Symmetry Earlier Than Other Texts And Builds On This Foundation In Later Chapters. Plenty Of Supporting Book References Encourage Instructors And Students To Further Explore Topics Of Interest.	2005*	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131719244	Atomic and Nuclear Physics	Sharma		The Book Describes The Basics Of Atomic And Nuclear Physics, Related Phenomena, And The Physics Of Nuclear Reactors And The Instruments And Applications For The Same.The Flow Of The Chapters In The Book Gradually Moves From Atomic Physics, Then To Quantum Physics, And Finally To Nuclear Physics.		Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131720387	Consumer Behaviour and Branding: Concepts, Readings and Cases-The Indian Context	S. Ramesh Kumar		India is one of the emerging markets that pose a unique set of challenges to marketers. The importance of the context and the usefulness of concepts in the Indian context is the core proposition of the book. The diversity of a mix of factors such as cultural aspects, lifestyles, demographics and unbranded offerings make consumer behaviour a fascinating study. This book focuses on the behavioural principles of marketing and its application to branding in the Indian context. * Consumer behaviour concepts associated with branding * A combination of recent and traditional examples reflecting the application of behavioural concepts * Touch of reality boxes to indicate context-based examples * Caselets and cases drawn from real-life situations * Research findings associated with the Indian context * Topical issues in consumer behaviour like cultural aspects, digital marketing and experiential branding	2010	Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131721919	Income Tax and Central Sales Tax Law and Practice	Lal B. B.		Income Tax and Central Sales Tax presents an updated and comprehensive study of income tax laws. The concept of graded and comprehensive problems will bridge the gap between theory and practice and will lay a firm foundation to develop and sharpen the understanding of law. A chapter on 'Value Added Tax', popularly known as "VAT" is also included.	2008	Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131722060	Sams Teach Yourself Adobe Creative Suite 3 All in One	John Ray Mordy Golding		In just a short time you can learn how to use all the components of Adobe Creative Suite 3 (Design Premium Edition) to design, create, and edit graphics, publications, and web pages of all kinds everything from simple brochures to entire integrated ad campaigns.  Using a straightforward, step-by-step approach, each lesson in this book builds on the previous ones, enabling you to learn the essentials of Photoshop, Illustrator, In Design, Flash, Dreamweaver, Acrobat, and Bridge from the ground up. Professional Features The smart choice for readers who want to learn about each program in  Covers each technology in a logical, well integrated way  Author is Adobe Certified Expert and trainer that knows Adobe Creative Suite inside and out		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131723104	Special Edition Using Microsoft Office Project 2007	PM Quantum		Special Edition Using Microsoft Project 2007 is a perfect full-featured guide to Microsoft Project 2007. This book provides a unique, scenario-based approach to learning Microsoft Project 2007. The organization accommodates both the readers looking for specific information as well as readers looking to read the book cover to cover.	2007	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131723128	Trust,the one thing that makes or breaks a leader	Les T. Csorba		As a generation of baby boomers nears retirement, our country is facing a dilemma. By 2010, there may be a shortage of 4 to 6 million workers, causing a dearth of effective leaders. Nearly every recent crisis-corporate bankruptcies, political scandals, moral failures in the church-can be traced to a leadership deficit. The common denominator? Broken trust. Author Les T. Csorba sees trust as the most indispensable force between leaders and followers. Here he offers observations gleaned from two decades of experience in government, business, church, and family. Part meditation, part how-to manual, Trust examines characteristics of trusted leadership, including The 7 Principles of the Trust. Finally, the book features interactive elements such as The Leader Check: a guide to evaluating whether you are developing the trust necessary to motivate and richly lead followers.	2004-08	Nelson Business						ZZZ000000
9788131724101	Corporate Ethics, Governance, and Social Responsibility: Precepts and Practices (HB)	Fernando A.C.		Is profit-making the only goal of a business? Should an unbridled market mechanism drive corporate enterprise? To what extent should corporations compensate for the manifest and hidden costs that are incurred by the society at large? These are some of the questions that have engaged specialist economists, business barons, corporate heads and management experts for decades. A consensus has emerged that corporate practices cannot bypass the fundamental demands of ethical behaviour, that administration and policies of governance have to be more transparent and publicly accountable, and that businesses must be sensitive to the community and environment within which they are established. This has led to the emergence of three key concepts of contemporary businesses, namely, business or corporate ethics, corporate governance, and corporate social responsibility.	2009	Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131725542	How to Do Well in GDs and Interviews	Time		The book is the culmination of years of experience of a dedicated team of experts at the Triumphant Institute of Management Education (T.I.M.E.) Pvt. Ltd, an institute that has helped students in achieving their goal of making it into the IIMs and other premier B-schools in the country over the last 13 years. No other work on GDs and interviews is as comprehensive and path-breaking as the one in your hands. Features includes * What do moderators look for in the GDs? * How does one prepare for GDs? * How does one score more points in a GD? * How does one steer clear of the distractions during the course of a GD? * How does one `grab the initiative of others` while guarding one`s own? * What do interviewers look for? * How does one double one`s chances of selection? * How does one make a `stress interview` stress free?		Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131726204	The Spider's Strategy: Creating Networks to Avert Crisis, Create Change, and Really Get Ahead (HB)	Amit S. Mukherjee		The Spider`s Strategy introduces four powerful, adaptable `design principles` for building businesses that can thrive in an increasingly networked world. Amit Mukherjee begins by showing business leaders shows how to embed sense-and-response capabilities in their normal plan-and-execute processes, helping to detect emerging problems sooner, adjust course rapidly and inexpensively, and avoid unnecessary crises. Next, he shows how to adopt strategies that promote collaboration among partners, so you become the natural customer or seller of choice when those partners face crises or opportunities. You`ll learn how to build organizations that truly value, promote, and share learning, and use it to drive decisive action. Finally, Mukherjee shows how to use technology to simplify adjustments to shifts in your business environment. The heart of the book: practical, proven advice on actually implementing these core principles. Drawing on interviews with innovators at HP, Nokia, and elsewhere, Mukherjee offers insight into everything from work practices to culture and corporate organization. Along the way, he teaches crucial lessons from previous eras of transformative corporate change, and shows how to overcome the obstacles to effective collaboration amongst partners. Mukherjee concludes by introducing the techniques of holographic change management, in which all four design principles are implemented concurrently across one business area, and then replicated.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131726587	Your Job Survival Guide: A Manual for Thriving in Change	By - Gregory Shea Robert E. Gunther		No matter what industry or business you're in, today you face an environment of "permanent whitewater," characterized by intense uncertainty and unrelenting change.  Most people struggle to cope with this new environment: they work with far too little sleep and far too much stress, finding themselves pushed beyond their limits without a moment to regroup. Your Job Survival Guide introduces you to the new mindsets, equipment, and skills you need to thrive in an era of non-stop, accelerating change. While other books focus on the broad, abstract principles of leading change, Your Job Survival Guide is the first book for those who need to successfully navigate the new "whitewater environment" when one false move can be catastrophic. Drawing on extensive experience in industries ranging from telecom to energy to health care, the authors show how to pace yourself to preserve your sanity... prepare to fail gracefully and recover quickly... retain optimism, resilience and a sense of play no matter how hard you're working... build a "personal flotation device" designed to protect your career security... and set your own course...... lead ad hoc, loosely linked teams that constantly form and re-form... thrive in an environment that demands more, and delivers non-stop adventure in return.  Features  Practical, personal, "water-level" techniques to help you navigate the rapids of change and have more fun doing it! How to protect your career, improve your resilience, set your own course, and lead.  Based on the experiences of hundreds of leaders in industries ranging from telecommunications to energy to health care.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131726679	A Social Charter for India: Citizens' Perspective of Basic Rights	Dubey Muchkund		Papers presented at two-day national consultations held in November 2002 and December 2003.	2009	Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131726747	The Pearson General Knowledge Manual 2010 (New Edition)	Thorpe		An Updated and Revised Edition of the Most Popular General Knowledge Manual	2010	Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131727904	The Pearson General Knowledge Manual 2010 (New Edition)	Thorpe		An Updated and Revised Edition of the Most Popular General Knowledge Manual	2010	Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788177580082	Global Marketing Management	Keegan		This book broke new ground in the field of international marketing when it was published in 1974. It combined text with classroom tested graduate level cases and was an immediate worldwide success. This revision continues the path breaking tradition of this book. The seventh edition is the most exciting revision in the books history. Perhaps most significantly, for the first time in modern history, even large population, low income countries such as China and India appear to have achieved the ability to maintain sustained development and growth that will, if continued, transform these countries to high income countries.	2003	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788177580365	Project Management, 3/e	Maylor		The Third Edition Of This Successful Textbook Represents A Major Development In Content, Approach And Pedagogy. Combining A Strong Academic Approach With Relevant Practical Cases, The Text Skillfully Shows The Range Of Issues That Face Project Managers Through The Logic Of The 4-D Project Cycle.Project Management Is Used Extensively To Accompany Courses On Undergraduate, Masters And Mba Programmes, As Well As For In-Company Training And For Professionals Wanting To Bring Themselves Up-To-Date With Developments In The Field.		Pearson Education						BUS101000
9788177581348	Customer Relationship Management: Getting It Right!	Judith W. Kincaid		This Book Tells You How To Build A Successful Crm Program. Starting With A Brief Review Of The State Of The Marketplace As We Entered The 21St Century, It Provides A Working Definition Of Crm And Describes The Elements Of The Total Customer Experience, Focusing On The Front-End Organizations That Directly Touch The Customer. This Book Shows You How To Identify The Elements Of Crm That Are Most Important For Your Organization, How To Determine Your Specific Requirements And How To Implement The Infrastructure Necessary To Support Your Top Priorities. Kincaid Has The Book Organized Around A Process That Can Be Used To Achieve Real Results.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788177581393	C Traps and Pitfalls	Koenig		This book helps to prevent such problems by showing how C programmers get themselves into trouble. Each of the book's many examples has trapped a professional programmer. Distilled from the author's experience over a decade of programming in C, this book is an ideal resource for anyone, novice or expert, who has ever written a C program.	1986	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788177581409	The C Puzzle Book	Feuer		The C Puzzle Book Teaches Intermediate C Programming With An Effective And Unique Method -- And It'S Fun! Working Through Formidable Puzzles And Checking Your Results Fine Tunes Your Skills For Future Programming Challenges. This Book Is A Great Next Step For Any Programmer Who Desires A Deeper Understanding Of The C Programming Language.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788177581799	Distributed Operating Systems	Tanenbaum		As distributed computer systems become more pervasive, so does the need for understanding how their operating systems are designed and implemented. Andrew S. Tanenbaums Distributed Operating Systems fulfills this need. Representing a revised and greatly expanded Part II of the best-selling Modern Operating Systems, it covers the material from the original book, including communication, synchronization, processes, and file systems, and adds new material on distributed shared memory, real-time distributed systems, fault-tolerant distributed systems, and ATM networks. It also contains four detailed case studies: Amoeba, Mach, Chorus, and OSF/DCE.  Tanenbaums trademark writing provides readers with a thorough, concise treatment of distributed systems.	2009	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788177582710	Managing Technical People	Humphrey		This Book Contains Best-Selling Author Watts Humphrey S Practical Insight On How To Lead Technical Professionals. In Previous Books Humphrey Established Process As A Key Factor In Successful Software Development. His Advice On How Companies And Individuals Improve Their Software Process Has Since Been Widely Adopted. In This New Book, He Demonstrates The Overriding Importance Of People To The Success Of Any Software Project. He Focuses Particularly On The Critical Role Of Innovative People, And Gives Concrete Advice On How To Identify, Motivate People Into Highly Productive Teams.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788177583809	Signals and Systems	Ghosh		This Book Provides Comprehensive Coverage Of All Topics Within The Signals And Systems Paper Offered To Undergraduates Of Electrical And Electronics Engineering.	2006	Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788177583861	Managerial Economics	Petersen / Jain		Managerial Economics offers a lively presentation of analytical and empirical tools for managerial decision-making. This edition increases the emphasis on managerial applications with more problems, case studies, and questions. With this book, students will not only receive a complete and rigorous introduction to the basic principles of microeconomics, but also learn how the application of economic theory can improve decision making.	2007	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788177584363	Writing UNIX Device Drivers	Pajari		So You Want To Write A Unix Device Driver. Or Perhaps You Just Want To Learn A Bit More About A Topic That Has Historically Been The Exclusive Domain Of Systems Gurus And Programming Wizards. In Either Case, This Book Is Written Expressly For You.Writing Unix Device Drivers Provides Application Programmers With Definitive Information On Writing Device Drivers For The Unix Operating System. It Explains, Through Working Examples, The Issues Related To The Design And Implementation Of These Important Components Of Application Programs.Written By An Acknowledged Expert, The Book Uses Full Source Code Listings Of Real Devices To Explain The Underlying Concepts.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788177584493	Multinational business finance	Eiteman		Multinational Business Finance, renowned for its authoritative coverage and clear explanations of contemporary international finance, enters its tenth edition as the market-leading textbook in international finance.	2007	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788177584974	C Programming FAQs	Summit		Summit furnishes you with answers to the most frequently asked questions in C. Extensively revised from his popular FAQ on the Internet, more than 400 questions are addressed with comprehensive examples to illustrate key points and to provide practical guidelines for programmers. C Programming FAQs is a welcomed reference for all C programmers, providing accurate answers, insightful explanations, and clarification of fine points with numerous code examples.		Pearson Education						COM051060
9788177585513	Design with PIC Microcontrollers	Peatman		This book is directed towards students of electrical engineering and computer engineering at the senior level and toward practicing engineers. The text develops design techniques for using microcontrollers (i.e., single-chip microcomputers). It emphasizes microcontroller versus microprocessor (e.g., Pentium and Power PC chip) issues.	1998	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788177585629	Indian Financial System,2/e	Pathak		In fifteen years of reforms, the Indian financial system has metamorphosed into a substantive, competitive, market-oriented, modern and cost-effective twenty-first century system. This new edition, though fully revised and updated, preserves the strengths of the first edition while meeting the academic needs and aspiration of today's students and academicians. It has fuller treatment of the topics and, consequently, the size of the chapters has been enlarged to facilitate better understanding. Each chapter includes chapter objectives, boxes that discuss important concepts explored in detail, supp Paperbackortive up-to-date data, key terms, review exercises and chapter summary.	2007	Pearson Education India						BUS051000
9788177585742	Genetic Algorithms for VLSI Design Layout & Test Automation	Mazumdar		Genetic Algorithms mimic the natural process of evolution, helping engineers optimize their designs by using the principle of "survival of the fittest". VLSI is especially suited to benefit from genetic algorithms- and this comprehensive book shows how to get the best results. You will discover how genetic algorithms work and how you can use them in a wide variety of VLSI design, layout and test automation tasks.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788177585803	Fluid Power with Applications	Esposito		This 6Th Edition Of The Popular Text Presents Broad Coverage Of Fluid Power Technology In A Readable And Understandable Fashion. An Extensive Array Of Industrial Applications Is Provided To Motivate And Stimulate Students' Interest In The Field. Balancing Theory And Applications, This Text Is Updated To Reflect Current Technology; It Focuses On The Design, Analysis, Operation, And Maintenance Of Fluid Power Systems.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788177586473	Total Quality Management	Charantimath		Total Quality Management (Tqm) Is An Approach To Business That Looks Critically Not Only At The Products And Services A Company Provides In Relation To The Process It Employs To Create Them But Also At The Work Force, To Ensure That Outputs Fully Satisfy Customer Requirements.		Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788177587654	Computer Graphics, C Version	Donald Hearn&M. Pauline Baker		Reflecting the rapid expansion of the use of computer graphics and of C as a programming language of choice for implementation, this new version of the best-selling Hearn and Baker text converts all programming code into the C language. Assuming the reader has no prior familiarity with computer graphics, the authors present basic principles for design, use, and understanding of computer graphics systems. The authors are widely considered authorities in computer graphics, and are known for their accessible writing style.	2009	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788177588118	Security Analysis and Portfolio Management	Fischer		This Comprehensive Interface Of Traditional And Modern Approaches To Securities Analysis And Portfolio Management Embraces A Global Approach And Uses The Unique Feature Of Applying Concepts To A Continuous Example, Mcdonalds Corporation.	1995	Pearson Education						BUS036000
9788120306875	Philosophy of religion	John Hick		A contemporary introduction to the main topics in the philosophy of religion ... -http://www.prenhall.com.	2006	Prentice-Hall of India						REL000000
9788120321465	Chemistry Of The Environment 2Nd Ed.	Spiro & Stigliani		Compact, yet comprehensive, this book presents an unbiased and readable account of current environmental issues?with an in-depth explanation of the underlying chemical principles that determine the nature of the issues in question. It identifies major environmental issues in the areas of energy, atmosphere, hydrosphere and biosphere, and analyzes the chemical basis of those issues and the links between socio-economic indicators and impacts on the environment. Fossil Fuels. Nuclear Energy. Renewable Energy. Energy Utilization. Climate. Oxygen Chemistry. Stratospheric Ozone. Air Pollution. Water Resources. From Clouds to Runoff: Water as Solvent. Lakes, Rivers, Wetlands, and Seas: Water as Ecological Medium. Water Pollution and Water Treatment. Nitrogen and Food Production. Insecticides and Herbicides. Toxic Chemicals. For anyone interested in the chemical principles that underlie current environmental issues.	2001-12-01	Prentice-Hall Of India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120328549	Fundamentals of Internal Combustion Engines	H.N. Gupta		Provides an introduction to the basics of Internal Combustion Engines. This book includes an analysis of processes relevant to design, performance, efficiency, fuel and emission requirements of internal combustion engines; topics such as reactive systems, fuel-line hydraulics and more; and other developments.	2006-06-01	PHI Learning Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120335264	TEXTBOOK OF PRODUCTION ENGINEERING	K. C. JAIN&CHITALE A. K.		"This textbook offers exhaustive coverage of the fundamental concepts and applications of production engineering. It is intended to serve the needs of the undergraduate students of Mechanical Engineering and Production Engineering. The postgraduate students of Mechanical Engineering and Production Engineering will also find the book highly useful. The text is divided into five parts. The first part covers the various theoretical, design, and process aspects of metal cutting. The design and mechanisms of various machine tools and their parts are presented in the second part. The third part of the book deals with various aspects of precision measurement and manufacturing. The concept and processes of metal working, and the design of press tools, are covered in the fourth part. The fifth part presents the various modern methods of manufacturing such as ultrasonic machining (USM), electrochemical deburring (ECD), and hot machining.  A variety of worked-out examples and end-of-chapter review questions are provided to strengthen the grasp as well as to test the comprehension of the underlying concepts and principles. The text is extensively illustrated to aid the students in gaining a thorough understanding of various production processes and the principles behind them."	2010	PHI Learning Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120337121	Developing Applications Using Asp.Net And Oracle	Das Gupta&Pranab Kumar		This well-presented, comprehensive guide provides in-depth information that readers need to fully exploit the functionality of Microsoft s ASP.NET technology and Oracle s Database Server to build dynamic and interactive websites that can handle a large number of simultaneous users. The book introduces the readers to the ASP.NET architecture, its installation and its web controls. It also discusses in detail the Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) used for web pages. In order to facilitate easy learning of intricate concepts involved in the development of dynamic web applications, comprehensive technical information is provided on the Oracle Structured Query Language (SQL) and Oracle PL/SQL. Examples, workouts and case study scenarios are included to illustrate the application of concepts to real-world situations and to the development of a project for a full-fledged web-based application. Key Features : More than 100 Examples More than 10 Workouts More than 40 Objective Type Questions Two Case Studies One Real-Life Project		PHI Learning Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120338647	International Financial Management	Sharan&Vyuptakesh		This thoroughly revised and updated Fifth Edition is a result of the enthusiastic reception accorded by the readers to the earlier editions and the wide adoption of the book in academic institutions. While retaining the major contents of the earlier editions, the new edition provides a clear understanding of the latest tools and techniques used in international finance. The book deals with contemporary financial environment and strategies, and the functional as well as operational aspects in the international financial arena.		PHI Learning Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120339804	PUBLIC POLICY : ART AND CRAFT OF POLICY ANALYSIS	R . K . SAPRU		"The subject of Public Policy has assumed considerable importance in response to the increasing complexity of economic downturns, social upheavals, political crises, institutional weaknesses and technology. It is concerned not only with the description but also with the developing scientific knowledge about the forces shaping public policy. The study of public policy helps understand the ills prevailing in society. The prospect of deep global and national crises has focused attention on the need for the adoption of sound policies as a potential tool for alleviating poverty and improving the quality of life for all sections of society. This textbook gives an in-depth analysis of the various approaches for policy formulation, implementation and evaluation. It addresses issues in policy analysis and explains the forces that influence the functioning of executive, legislature, judiciary, civil society and administration. The book is an excellent review and analysis of the public policy literature. It is an outcome of long teaching and research experience of the author at the Panjab University. The book is primarily intended for postgraduate students for their courses on Public Policy and Policy Analysis, besides meeting the requirements of candidates offering public administration subject for the civil services examination. It will be equally useful for policymakers, planners and bureaucrats concerned with policy management."	2010	PHI Learning Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120339842	Sap Hr : Om, Pd & Training - Tech Reference & Lear	P. K. Agrawal		This book explains all the concepts underpinning the Organizational Management (OM), Personnel Development (PD) and Training and Event Management modules of SAP HR. It is a comprehensive technical manual which explains every single node of the User Menu and the Configuration. The book first gives an overview of a concept explaining what it is, how it is used and how it relates to the other concepts. It then explains its properties, which are fields in a configuration node. This book is designed to be used both as a reference manual and a learning guide. As a learning guide, it offers four views, each for a different target audience. It can be read from the Senior Management s perspective to gain a broad understanding of the subject and what SAP can do for them. Business Process Owners can achieve a higher level of understanding by getting to know more of SAP concepts and how to perform different tasks in SAP. Users can acquire a thorough understanding of different tasks and concepts underlying them. Functional consultants and proficient users can read the book to gain a complete understanding of the system. As a technical reference, the book can be used to locate the relevant material through the Table of Contents, Index, SAP Menu and SAP Customizing Implementation Guide (IMG) . The last two follow the Table of Contents. If the reader is in SAP s User Menu or Configuration, the chapter number for these nodes can be found in SAP Menu and IMG . If a node is not covered in the book, the reason for not doing so is mentioned. The implementation of SAP HR OM, PD and Training can also be guided by the structure of this book.		Prentice-Hall Of India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788177221893	Pc Upgrade & Repair Black Book (W/Cd)	Ron Glister		Written by bestselling author Ron Gilster, the PC Technician Black Book is an excellent bench top companion for any PC repairperson or home hobbyist. This no-nonsense guide helps you set up, upgrade and repair PCs. It is ready reference featuring step-by-step guides for troubleshooting, diagnosing and repairing many of the most common PC problems. Plus, it provides you with in-depth background information on the different hardware technologies found in today s personal computer, without overwhelming you with nonessential information.	2001-07-28	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177222449	Comdex Gate Computer Science And Engineering All-In-1 Study Kit	A. Jaiswal		This study kit includes following topics:" Engineering Mathematics" Discrete Structures" Theory of Computation" Computer Hardware" Computer Organization" Programming & Data Structures" Language Processors" Operating Systems " Database Systems		Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177222579	Windows Xp Professional Black Book, The Ultimate User?S Guide	Joli Ballew		This book is an All-in-One Reference for Windows XP Professional Users covering all the aspects of Windows XP Professional form Windows basics to networking for mobile users. New features included in Windows XP are discusses, included System Restore, Program Compatibility utilities, Device Driver Rollback, and much more. Also covered are issues related to security, including Windows XP s built in firewall, Encrypting security, templates and understanding certificates and digital signatures.		Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177227734	The Hands-Off Manager	Steve Chandler&Duane Black		The book offers a new vision for all managers. With stories, examples and vibrant activities for the reader to practice, this book shows any manager - new or seasoned - how to coach and mentor employees rather than hover over their shoulders and goad them into action.	2008-01-01	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788126512416	Microsoft Sharepoint 2007 For Dummies	Vanessa L. Williams		Offers clear instructions and soup-to-nuts coverage of this complex product, focusing instead on practical solutions to real-world SharePoint challenges. Features tips, tricks, and techniques for administrators who need to install and configure a SharePoint portal as well as ordinary users who need to populate and maintain the portal and use it for collaborative projects. Topics covered include setting up a SharePoint portal, matching SharePoint to business needs, managing portal content, branding, collaborating on SharePoint sites, using a portal to improve employee relations and marketing, putting expense reports and other interactive forms on a portal, and monitoring and backing up SharePoint.	2007	Wiley-India						COM061000
9788177220131	Visual Basic 6 In Easy Steps	Tim Anderson		This book provides basic essentials of Visual Basic environment. It is a comprehensive a guide to Microsoft's versatile programming, scripting and macro language. It explains various editions of visual basic in a well presented and easy-to-follow tutorial format.	2000-01-01	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177223910	Comdex Computer Course Kit Xp Ed.(W/Cd)	Vikas Gupta		Training Kit on Computer Fundamentals, Windows XP, DOS, MS Word,Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Internet/Email and Internet Telephony" No previous knowledge required" Unique 3-Stage self-learning system with CD" In the 1st Stage, this book offers you detailed explanation with illustrations and examples. In the 2nd Stage, the Audio-video CD demonstrates what was taught in the book. And finally in the 3rd Stage, the self-testing software tests your skills and corrects you in case you go wrong.	2003-06-04	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177224245	C & Data Structures (W/Cd)	Prof. P.S. Deshpande&Prof. O.G. Kakde		Divided into three separate sections, C & Data Structures covers C programming, as well as the implementation of data structures and an analysis of advanced data structure problems. Beginning with the basic concepts of the C language (including the operators, control structures, and functions), the book progresses to show these concepts through practical application with data structures such as linked lists and trees, and concludes by integrating C programs, and advanced data structure problem-solving. The book covers a vast range of data structures and programming issues, such as syntactic and semantic aspects of C, all control statements in C, concepts of function, macro, files and pointers with examples, graphs, arrays, searching and sorting techniques, stacks and queues, files, and preprocessing. C & Data Structures provides a comprehensive guide to all the data types in C with internal implementation, while providing examples to demonstrate their behavior.	2003-07-15	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177227482	Excel 2007 In Simple Steps	Dreamtech Press		Excel 2007 IN SIMPLE STEPS is a book that helps you to learn Excel 2007, the contemporary offering from Microsoft. Being precise and complete, it offers the reader a cutting edge in the field of Excel 2007. With an easy to understand style, lots of examples to support the concepts, and use of practical approach in presentation are some of the features that make the book not only unique but also provides a sort of limited-edition look to the book.	2007-12-17	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177227543	Consumer Behaviour, 2008 Edition	Wayne D. Hoyer&Deborah J. Macinnis&Pinaki Dasgupta		The book is an accessible and topical introduction to the subject of the consumer behavior. A broad conceptual model helps students see how all chapter topics tie together, and real-world examples reinforce each concept and theoretical principle under review. Chapter-opening cases show the anecdotal application of concepts, while end-of-chapter questions and answer exercises require students to investigate consume behavior issues and analyze advertisements and marketing strategies.The Indian adaptation retains the essential global context of the world-class management text while adding value through closer-home Indian equivalents.	2008-02-28	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177227581	International Management: Strategic Opportunities and Cultural Challenges (2008 Edition)	Dean B. Mcfarlin&Paul D. Sweeney		International management has grown in significance with the winds of globalization blowing across forcefully all over the world. The book gives students a global perspective on the process of hiring, training, and developing employees, as well as strategic decision-making in relation to foreign markets. The presentation of content is student-friendly and equips him or her well with essential skills in the field.	2008-05-05	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177227659	Leadership Research Findings, Practice And Skills, 2008 Edition	Andrew J. Dubrin		The present book takes a practical, skill-building approach to studying or teaching leadership. The text balances theory with real-world applications. DuBrin, a highly respected author and consultant, incorporates current research on leadership and real-world business events. Leadership profiles focus on successful men and women to whom students can easily relate, such as lower-level, small business, and not-for-profit leaders. This world-class text on leadership is ideal for instructors as well as students to focus on the quality of leadership as needed to be inculcated.	2008-02-22	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177228106	Comdex Tally 9 Course Kit	Namrata Agrawal		This book aims to upgrade the accounting skills of professionals through the latest computer software Tally 9. It begins with the basics of accounting so that even students and beginners find it useful. They can begin from the very basics of manual accounting and then easily go on to learn computerized accounting.	2007-11-30	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177228311	Asp.Net 3.5:Covers C# & Vb 2008 Codes, Black Book, Platinum Ed	Kogent Solutions Inc.		This is the one time reference book, written from the programmer s point of view, containing hundreds of examples and covering nearly every aspect of ASP.NET in both VB and C#. It will help you to master the entire spectrum of ASP.NET- from features of ASP.NET 3.5 to securing ASP.NET 3.5 pages, from standard and advance controls to CSS style manager, from web services to WCF services, from web parts framework to AJAX, from XML to LINQ, from Silverlight to WPF, from COM + to RSS and atom feed, from IIS to cardspace.	2009-02-09	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177228366	Core Java: An Integrated Approach	R. Nageswara Rao/kogent Solutions		The book is written in such a way that learners without any background in programming are able to follow and understand it entirely. It discusses the concepts of Java in a simple and straightforward language with a clear cut explanation, without beating around the bush.On reading the book, readers are able to write simple programs on their own, as this is the first requirement to become a Java Programmer. The book provides ample solved programs which could be used by the students not only in their examinations but also to remove the fear of programming from their minds.After reading the book, the students gain the confidence to apply for a software development company, face the interview board and come out successful. The book covers sample interview questions which were asked in various interviews. It helps students to prepare for their future careers.	2008-02-12	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177228595	CorelDRAW X4 in Simple Steps	Kogent Solutions Inc.		CorelDRAW is the best known vector graphics software that helps you create interactive designs for printing, publishing and advertising. CorelDRAW X4 is the latest and improved version of CorelDRAW. Smart Interface, new tools and enhanced compatibility are some reasons why CorelDRAW X4 is the market leader.CorelDRAW X4 in Simple Steps offers you a quick and easy way to learn and master CorelDRAW X4. Simple language and step-by-step approach with lots of illustrations make this book an ultimate reference book. Be it a novice or a professional, CorelDRAW X4 in Simple Steps is useful for all.	2008-07-11	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177228755	Struts 2 In Action	Donald Brown&Chad Michael Davis&Scott Stanlick		Struts 2 In Action introduces the Apache Struts 2 web application framework and shows you how to quickly develop professional, production-ready modern web applications. Written by Don Brown, one of the leading developers of Struts 2, Chad Davis, a passionate Struts 2 developer, along with Scott Stanlick, this book gently walks you through the key features of Struts 2 in example-driven, easy-to-digest sections.	2008	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177228878	Jquery In Action	Bear Bibeault&Yehuda Kats		jQuery in Action is a fast-paced introduction and guide. It shows you how to traverse HTML documents, handle events, perform animations, and add Ajax to your web pages. The book's unique lab pages anchor the explanation of each new concept in a practical example. You'll learn how jQuery interacts with other tools and frameworks and how to build jQuery plugins. This book requires a modest knowledge of JavaScript and Ajax. This book discusses about practical implementation of each new concept in lab pages, which makes it unique in the market.	2008-03-14	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177228946	Sap Abap/4, Interview Questions: Hands On For Cracking The Interview	Kogent Solutions Inc.		Often for the purpose of preparation candidates struggle to look for important topics and browse through some valuable concepts, they feel might be asked in an interview. Such a frantic search consumes a lot of time and energy, as it requires going through high volumes of ABAP technology. In order to solve this dilemma here is SAP ABAP/4 Interview Questions Book, which is well equipped to deal with such problems.	2008-02-22	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177228960	Html 4.0 In Simple Steps	Kogent Solutions Inc.		HTML 4.0 in Simple Steps helps you learn HTML 4.0 in the easiest possible way. An easy to understand style, lots of examples to support the given concepts and use of practical approach in presentation are some of the key features that make the book unique in itself. Content in this book is presented in such a way that it will be equally helpful to beginners as well as to professionals.	2008-06-01	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177229226	Dreamweaver Cs4 In Simple Steps	Kogent Solutions Inc.		Dreamweaver CS4 in Simple Steps is meant for aspiring IT professionals who want to build their career in web development. Dreamweaver is a popular software used to create, design, and test websites. The book discusses the concept of building and testing a website using Dreamweaver CS4 in detail. Simple and precise steps with lots of illustrations make this book an ultimate reference that you can use anytime, anywhere and recommend to your friends. Starting from opening Dreamweaver to adding text, images, colors, templates, testing website, this book explains all tasks required to build a website. An overview of web related terms would be an added advantage for the reader to master Dreamweaver CS4.	2009-07-20	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788181288783	Pro C# 2008 And The .Net 3.5 Platform, 4Th Ed	Andrew Troelsen		The mission of this text is to provide you with a rock-solid foundation to the C# 2008 programming language and the core aspects of the .NET platform (OOP, assemblies, file IO, Windows Forms/WPF, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, WCF,WF, etc.). Once you digest the information presented in these 33 chapters, you'll be in a perfect position to apply this knowledge to your specific programming assignments, and you'll be well equipped to explore the .NET universe on your own terms.	2008-01-01	Wiley India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788181289896	Beginning Php And Mysql From Novice To Professional: 3Rd Ed	W.Jason Gilmore		Beginning PHP and MySQL: From Novice to Professional, Third Edition offers a comprehensive introduction to two of the most prominent open source technologies on the planet: the PHP scripting language and the MySQL database server. Updated to introduce the features found in MySQLs most significant release to date, readers learn how to take advantage of the latest features of both technologies to build powerful, manageable, and stable web applications.Essentially three books in one, readers not only profit from extensive introductions to the core features of each technology, but also learn how to effectively integrate the two in order to build robust data-driven applications. Packed with practical examples and insight into the real-world challenges faced by developers based on author W. Jason Gilmore's 7 years of expertise working with these technologies, readers will repeatedly return to this book as both a valuable instructional tool and reference guide.	2008	Wiley-India						ZZZ000000
9788184891539	Pro Silverlight 2 in C# 2008	Matthew Macdonald		With four-color graphics and screenshots throughout, Pro Silverlight 2 in C# 2008 is the perfect reference: you ll learn about the features that put Silverlight in direct competition with Adobe Flash, such as rich support for 2D drawing, animations, and media playback, and best of all, you ll experience the plumbing of .NET and the design model of WPF through Silverlight-all of the same .NET technology that developers use to design next-generation Windows applications. Author Matthew MacDonald provides an expertly crafted tutorial written from professional developer to professional developer. You ll learn to create rich media applications using Silverlight in the environment you re most productive in-no matter what the target platform.Chapter 1: Introducing SilverlightChapter 2: XAMLChapter 3: LayoutChapter 4: Dependency Properties and Routed EventsChapter 5: ElementsChapter 6: The Application ModelChapter 7: Shapes and GeometriesChapter 8: Brushes and TransformsChapter 9: AnimationChapter 10: Sound, Video, and Deep ZoomChapter 11: Styles, Templates, and Custom ControlsChapter 12: Browser IntegrationChapter 13: ASP.NET and Web ServicesChapter 14: Data BindingChapter 15: Isolated StorageChapter 16: MultithreadingChapter 17: Networking	2009	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788172248420	Take your time,finding balance in a hurried world	Eknath Easwaran		Take Your Time Shows You How To Slow Down And Why It Is Vital That You Do So. With Everyday Examples, It Tells You How To Be In Control Even In The Midst Of Pressure And How You Can Learn Not To Get Caught In Automatic Responses. The Eight Point Program O	2000-01-01	Jaico Pub. House						ZZZ000000
9788179922408	Building Quality Service	Lynn Van Der Wagen		The premise underlying this book is that every interaction between a staff member and a customer is unique. Training methods develop product knowledge or train staff in the complex and demanding field of customer service. However, selection and training o	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172248772	How To Manage People	Hiller		The transformation to a service economy, the information explosion, advances in technology, and the intensely competitive global and domestic markets have created enormous pressure on corporations to change not only what they do but how do it as well. Thi	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172248819	Strategic prospects for HRM	Shaun Tyson		A Challenging Iconoclastic Book On Key Hr Issues. It Combines The Views Of Most Distinguished Academics, Consultants And Practitioners To Provide A Perspective And Provocative Analysis Of Key Strategic People Management Issues. This Book Emphasizes Human Resource And Business Strategy, Human Resource Development And Change, Organizational Structure And Behavior And Much More.	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172248864	Mis-Managing The System:How To Change The System	Wesley Mathei		Mis Managing the System is not about general systems theory nor organisational or operational theory. Rather it identifies a broad new concept of the system and shows how it replaces the management of such organisations. The book identifies the major reas	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249069	The complete guide to business risk management	Kit Sadgrove		Any company that wants to be in business has to ask three main questions.1) What are the worst things that could happen to us?2) How likely are they to happen?3) Are we taking the right steps to prevent them?This is the art of risk management, the sub	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249090	Management Development Strategies For Action	Alan Mumford		This Book Attempts To Improve Managerial Effectiveness. It Focuses On The Kind Of Processes Used By Most Management Development Advisors And Personnel Directors. Providing Some Innovative Ideas On Managing Careers, It Gives A Detailed Case Study Describing How Management Development Plans Can Be Based On The Strategies An Organization Has Chosen.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249106	Human Resources Effectiveness	Jim Matthewman		Many human resource functions are showing signs of insecurity. The author draws on the experiences of organizations like Glaxo and ICL to provide strategies for HR effectiveness and tools to quantify the results. The book looks at how the human resource d	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249137	Total Quality,Success Through People	Ron Collard		This Book Offers A Definitive Account Of How To Plan, Establish, Operate And Improve A System Of Total Quality Management. Explaining How Employers Can Overcome Obstacles And Maintain A Momentum, This Book Spreads The Message That Total Quality Can Only Be Applied Successfully If It Is Central To The Business Strategy And If The People Factor Is At The Core Of The Approach.	2002	Jaico Publishing House						BUS065000
9788172249151	Human Aspects Of Management	Derek Biddle		This Book Is Intended For Practising Managers And Students Of Management. It Deals With Perennial Issues And Problems Which Arise When Working With People. The Book Contains New And Original Material On Performance Coaching Styles And Delegation That Will Help The Reader Understand The Choices Available When Handling The Potential Conflicts Between The Needs Of Self And Others.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249168	Managing Human Resources	Jane Weightman		Managing human resources is an extremely important part of making organizations work well. It acknowledges that the humans in the organization are the most important part of getting things done. The author in her book MANAGING HUMAN RESOURCES sets out the	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249311	Managing Successful Teams	Humphries		Written By A Management Trainer With Over 20 Years Experience Of Training People Both In The Uk And Abroad, This Book Is Designed To Help Anyone Who Has The Task Of Building A Team. It Shows How And Why Teasm Operate More Effectively And Efficiently Than Groups Of Individuals. You Will Learn How To Develop And Motivate Teams Towards Specific Objectives - And How To Deal With Common Problems Along The Way. Full Of Sound, Practical Advice, It Also Contains A Large Selection Of Exercises That You Can Organise And Run. John Humphries Has Written Three Other Books In This Series, Including The Very Successful Managing Through People.	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249328	Managing Individual Performance	Baldwin		Managing Individual Performance Shows You How To Get The Best Out Of Your Staff. The 'Seven Step' Approach Has Been Used Successfully By Line Managers At All Levels, And Is Applicable To Any Business Irrespective Of Size. This Handbook Describes How A Manager Can Identify The Real Issues Affecting His Employees Performance And Thus Address Issues Raised Efficiently And Effectively.	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249335	Achieving Personal Well-Being	Chalmers		We Tend To Shut Out Natural Daylight, Wor Kin Soulless Buildings, Expose Ourselves To Pollution And Live On A Diet Of Junk Food. This Highly Original Book Is The Result Of A Thorough Investigation Into How All These Factors Influence Our Physical And Emotional Welfare. It Shows How Daylight And The Environment Determine Our Personality And Health, And How By Understanding Their Effects We Can Take Steps Towards Achieving Physical And Emotional Well-Being. James Chalmers Is A Scientist And An Artist. In This Book He Combines Reason And Imagination To Ofer You A Remedy For The Pressures Of Modern Living.	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249342	Managing Through People	John Humphries		People Are The Most Valuable Resource Of Any Organisation, And Managing People Successfully Is The Surest Way For An Organisation To Achieve Its Objectives. Managing Through People Has Been Fully Revised To Take Int Oaccount The Changing Role Of Managers, Covering Every Aspect Of People Management That Today'S Business Leaders Require. Its Straightforward And Effective Approach Shows How To Manage Both Yourself And Others, Plus How To Manage Problems, Time, Innovation, Interviews, Change And Stress At Work. 'Highly Informative, Reliable, Comprehensive And User-Friendly.	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249359	Making Decisions	Juniper		Decisions Are An Integral And Unavoidable Aspect Of Every Day Life. Time Is Short And Options Are Unlimited. What Should You Choose? This Reality Makes It Extremely Important For Us To Sharpen Our Decision-Making Skills So That We Can Make Maximum Usage Of Opportunities Available To Us In Our Business And Personal Lives. This Book Gives Guidance To Readers On How He Can Make Effective And Optimal Decisions.	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249366	Improving Your Written English	Field		Written In Short, Easily Understandable Sections, This Book Deals With The Basics Of Writing Good English, Including Punctuation, Sentence Construction And Spelling. The Reader Is Shown How To Adopt The Different Styles Needed For Writing A Report, Essay Or Short Story. 'I Would Highly Recommend This Book For School Or College Students Trying To Master Language Or Writing Skills ... Also Valuable For More Mature Readers And Writers Who Need To Brush Up On The Basics Or Would Like A Good Approachable Reference Book.'	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249380	Discovering Meditation	Brueton		Meditation Is One Of The Surest Ways Of Developing A Peaceful Approach To Life, Of Achieving A Sense Of Fulfilment And Ridding Both Body And Mind Of Stress. Practised For Thousands Of Years, Scientists Now Have Firm Evidence Of The Very Real Health Benefits Of Practising Meditation. This Practical Book Encourages You To Set Up A Practice Which Will Last A Lifetime. It Provides A Basic Understanding Of Meditation And Offers A Variety Of Techniques To Enhance And Deepen Both Active And Peaceful Meditations.	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249403	The Power Of Emotional Choice	Mckay & Dinkmeyer		Turn Your Feelings From Liabilities ( I'M A Victim ) Into Assets ( I Can Manage! ). You Can Decide How You Want To Feel!The Self-Improvement Tool Kit In This Book Will Help You Handle Anger, Anxiety, Depression, Guilt And Stress. You'Ll Find Practical Information And Straightforward Prodcedures T Ohelp Enhance Your Awareness Of Your Feelings And How To Deal With Them.The Power Of Emotional Choice Is Packed With Self-Assesment And Self-Discovery Exercises, Charts, And Examples For Real-Life Situations. Each Chapter Includes A Summary Section That Will Coach You In Becoming An Ace - Accepting Your Feelings, Choosing New Purposes, Beliefs And Feelings, And Executing Your New Choices.	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249441	Pathways To Hope & Healing	Patricia & Ronald		Shame Is Quite Possibly The Hardest Emotion To Endure Personally As Well As T Owork Wit Hin Therapy. It'S Even Been Said That Guilt Brings People Into Therapy Only For Shame To Drive Them Right Out Again. The Merest Hint Of Shame Is Enough To Make Some People Withdraw From Others And Even From Themselves.The Goal Here Is To Help People Understand Shame In A Newer, More Positive Manner. Hope Is The Antidote For The Despair Caused By Shame. The Path This Book Leads To Will Take You Away Fom The Destructiveness Of Shame And Towards Hope, Pride, Optimism And Love.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249588	Negotiate With Feng Shui	Jose Armilla		Feng Shui Is The Ancient Chinese System Of Harmonizing The Person With His Or Her Surroundings Through The Subtle Manipulation Of Chi, Or Universal Energy. Negotiate With Feng Shui Teaches You How To Sense And Balance Chi In Your Body And Your Environment, Creating A Win-Win Situation For Both Parties Involved In Any Negotiation. Encourage Success And Happiness For Everyone Involved When You Negotiate The Feng Shui Way!	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249601	Marketing Your Product	Donald Cyr & Douglas Gray		Marketing Is More Than Just Advertising, It Helps You Decide If You Are Developing The Right Product For The Right Target Market And Using The Right Media And Distribution Methods. Marketing Your Product Explains How A Company Can Carve A Niche For Its Product In Today'S Competitive Consumer Environment. It Describes Customer'S Buying Impulses, How Products Satisfy Those Impulses, How To Inform Customers About Your Product, And What It Takes To Get Your Product To Consumers.This New Edition Includes A Discussion Of Marketing On The Internet.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249649	Make Yourself Happy & Remarkably Less Disturbable	Ellis		Would You Like To~ Change Your Disturbing Thoughts Into Healthy Ones?~ Make Yourself Less Disturbable In The Face Of Adversity?~ Overcome Anxiety, Depression, Rage, Self-Hate, Or Self-Pity?This User-Friendly Guide Offers Smple, Straightforward Procedures And Practical Wisdom On A Happier, More Trouble-Free Life, From One Of The Most Highly Respected Psychologists Of Our Time.In This Newest Book, Dr.Ellis Offers Dozens Of Real-Life Case Examples, Detailed Descriptions Of Self-Help Action Steps, And A Witty, Articulate Style That You'Ll Find Entertaining And Enlightening. Go Ahead - Make Yourself Happy!	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249694	Communicate At Work	Dobson		Things Only Get Done Properly At Work If Everyone Communicates Effectively - Whatever Their Individual Role In The Organisation. This Really Practical Step - By Step Guides Gets To The Very Basics Of Good Communication - What It Is And Why We Need It, How To Speak And Listen; How To Ask Questions And Give The Right Answers; How To Take Messages And Use The Telephone; How To Stand Up For Yourself, Dealing With Shyness, A Difficult Boss Or Irate Customer; How To Use And Understand Body Language Properly, How To Cope With Visitors, How To Store And Present Information, How To Use The English Language Correctly - And A Great Deal More, Illustrated Throughout With Lively Examples And Case Studies. Written By An Experienced Office Staff Trainer This Handbook Will Be A Real Help To All Young People Starting A New Job, Or Older Individuals Returning To Work After Time Away.	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249717	Asserting Your Self	Cathy Birch		A Healthy, Assertive Attitude Can Transform And Enrich Every Aspect Of Our Lives. Assertiveness Begins With A Sense Ofself-Worth. When We Value Ourselves We Have No Need For Power Games. We Can Relate To Othes Honestly, Stating Our Needs Clearly, And Respecting Theirs - Whilst Not Feeling Compelled To Fulfill Them. This Book Offers A Variety Of Techniques To Help Transform Unhelpful Defensive Behaviours Into Productive And Assertive Ways Of Being. Cathy Birch Is A Jungian Psychotherapist.	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249724	Enhance Your Employability	Ashley		Employability Has Become The Keyword Not Employment. Find Out For Yourself What Employability Means And How To Improve Your Prospects Of Finding Fulfilling And Rewarding Work. Whether You Are Embarking On Your Career, Seeking A Change Of Direction, Returning To Employment After A Career Break, Or Facing Unemployment Or Early Retirement, This Book Will Help You Understand Yourself, Your Motivations, And What You Have To Offer.	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249748	Building Self - Esteem	Stewart		People Who Improve Their Self-Esteem Find That Their Lives Take On New Meaning And Confidence As Well-Being Is Enhanced. This Practical Book, Now Updated For A Second Edition, Shows How The Damage Caused By Faulty Beliefs Can Be Reversed, Accomplishments And Abilities. Exercises And Case Studies Help Provide Strategies For Building Self-Esteem. This Also Makes A Valuable Handbook For Those Who Work In Healthcare Or Counselling.	2001-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249793	Fine Art of Acting	Jyoti Sarup		When There Is So Many Acting Schools In Mumbai And Other Metros Are Churning Out Actors And Actresses Successfully. Then Why This Book On The Fine Art Of Acting ?As It Is Said That The World Is A Stage And All Of Us Are Actors Here. We Are Associated Wit Hacting Consciously Or Sub-Consciously. We Perform Several Roles At Home, School Or College, Work Place,...... These Times We Perform Naturally, But Whe Nit Comes To Perform On Stage, Tv Or Films, It Needs Lots Of Energy, Concentration, Presence Of Mind And Skill. Here Is A Book Fine Art Of Acting For All To Read And Develop On The Various Crafts Of Acting E.G. Technique, Self Analysis, Moments, Body Language, Speech, Modulation Etc. This Book Will Help You In Getting Exposed To All The Facts Of This Art. Jyoti Sarup Made The Serial Buniyaad , Presently He Is The Head Of Production, Sony Entertainment Tv.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249892	Memory Efficiency And How To Obtain It	L Louis Orton		Some Persons Have Had Remarkable Memories Who Have Been Almost Idiots. These Unfortunates Had Not The Advantage Of The Light Of Reason. Memory Is Pepetually In Action; Without It, Experience Wouldbe Useles; We Could Not Reason, Nor Judge, Nor Conjecture, Nor Even Imagine. We Should Be Without The Requisite Materials. Memory Is Therefore As Indispensable To Moral As To Intellectual Guidance And Culture. Without Some Degree Of Memory-Efficiency Many Neccessary Things Are Left Undone. Whatever One'S Business Or Profession, Memory-Efficiency Is Od Paramount Importance.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920008	Keeping Customers Happy	Jacqueline Dunckel & Brian Taylor		Customer Satisfaction Is Your Company'S Best Asset.Consumers Today Demand Personal Attention From Businesses Before They Spend Their Money. So, Customer Service Is Moving Up The Priority List In Dynamic Companies And It Is Consuming More Of Their Time And Budgets; Businesses That Ignore Customer Realtions Do So At Their Peril. In An Easy-To-Follow Format, The Authors Explain The Importance Of Customer Realtions And Illustrate The Principles Of Developing A Winning Plan. No Matter What Kind Of Business You Are In, This Book Will Help Increase Profits Through Improved Customer Relations.	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920213	The Napoleon Of Notting Hill	G.K. Chesterton		Fantastic romance....Mine of humour....Hidden allegoryHere begins the exciting reign of King Auberon: The puzzled officer approached the king-elect who was at the moment putting his head between his legs and making a noise like a cow.... Auberon,	2003	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920244	One Virginity - A Novel Set In India	Hilton Brown		Hilton Brown was born on 31st March 1890 at Elgin, Scotland, where his father was a leading lawyer. Having taken an Hons. Degree at St. Andrew s University, he entered the Indian Civil Service in 1913 and served in it till 1934. Later he devoted himself w	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920251	Time to Be Happy	Nayantara Sehgal		A Time To Be Happy: A Novel is a story about people of the upper middle class in the India that was struggling for, achieving, and then testing independence on one level it is a charming, intimate family chronicle; on another it is a comedy of manners a	2005-07-30	Motilal (UK) Books of India						ZZZ000000
9788179920275	Siddhartha Man Of Peace (A Drama)	Chattopadhyaya		Siddhartha - Man Of Peace, A Great Play On Buddha'S Life And Mission Is Shri Chattopadhyaya'S Latest Work. His Gifted Pen Brings To You In Golden Words The Celebrated Life, The Sut Lime Mission, And The Divine Message Of The Blessed One. This Play Is A Tribute To Buddha And A Classic For All Lovers Of Literature And Learning.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920398	Turning Your Business Around	Blayney		Many businesses encounter problems at one time or another. This book shows how to take charge of the process rather than allowing your business to be destroyed or damaged.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920428	The Net-Works Guide To Wap And Wml	Pete Smith		An introduction to the mobile Internet, and to creating your own WAP siteWireless Application protocol (WAP) is transforming the humble mobile phone and personal Digital Assistant into universal information and communication tools, which ca nemulate a PC as a terminal for browsing information on the Internet. The author, who works at the very forfront ofthis rapidly-developing technology, guides you gently through the process of developing your own WAP site in Wireless Mark-up Language or WML. In addition to showing you the basics of 'Mobile surfing', the author also discusses more advanced wireless communication issues... WAP architecture... push advertising... always-on services... proximity information... user agent profiles... databases and dynamic content... major players in the market... service providers and gateways... etc.,etc.	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920619	Greatest French Short Stories	R. G. Goodyear&P. J. R. Wright		The publication of a representative selection of French short stories from Voltaire up to the First World War is indeed a formidable task, for the French have excelled in this literary Genre. The 27 selected stories, newly translated, are by 17 great writ	2002	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920695	Iq Puzzles	Joe Cameron		IQ Puzzles is a mind-bending, entertaining and sometimes baffling test of your mental powers. Arranged in levels of ascending difficulty the puzzles pose a range of problems that will stretch your skills and sharpen your thinking. This is the perfect b	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920800	Ecommunication	Benson		Learn To Communicate In Today S Fast-Paced, Digital Environment E-Mail, Voice-Mail And Conference Calls Have Revolutionized How We Communicate Around The Globe. In Today S Fast Paced Business Environment, Companies Are Dependent On Technology To Link Personel And Personel To Clients Across Cities,States & Countries Especially As Virtual Teams Become A Great Part Of Our Business Environment. Yet, Companies Rarely Provide Formal Training On How To Effectively Manage Communication Through These Resources. As Technology Progresses, Travel Costs Increase Teams Become More Virtual, And There Are Less Face To Face Meetings, It Has Become More Critical To Use The New And The Existing Technologies For Communicating With, Building, And Managing Virtual Teams. This Book Shares Key Lessons About Communicating More Effectively In Our Eenvironment And Using The Tools That We Have To Build Business Relationships And Teams Without The Luxury Of Sharing The Same Office.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920824	Creativity	Hiam		Is There A Secret To Creativity? Can A Simple Change In The Way We Think About Problems Dramatically Cut The Cycle Time For Generating State-Of- The-Art Solutions? Yes! And This Book Will Show You How. It Presents Practical Tools And Suggestions For Creative Thinking While Never Losing Touch With The Essential Components Of The Process: Its Looseness, Its Freedom, Its Risk-Taking. You Ll Learn How The Elements Of Creative Thinking - The Methods That Help Us Get Un-Stuck - Can Themselves Be Creative. What Better Way To Drive Home The Power Of The Creative Though Process Than To Go Out On A Limb And Be Creative About Creativity!	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920879	Preventing Sexual Harassment	Fitzwater		Sexual Harassment Is No Longer Just The Victim S Problem: Today, The Entire Organization Has A Responsibility For Both The Prevention And Elimination Of Sexual Harassment. This Book Covers An Entire Spectrum Of Methods For Dealing With Sexual Harassment Ranging From Clear Policy Statements To Definitive, Documented Action When Incidents Actually Occur.The Manager S Pocket Guide To Preventing Sexual Harassment Approaches The Problem From A Manager S Perspective, Who Is Often In The Difficult Position Of Protecting His Or Her Employees As Well As The Interests Of The Company. This Book Illustrates How By Protecting Its Employees, A Company Is Also Protecting Itself, Thus Creating A Partnership Of Prevention. This Book Features Exercises And Sample Policy Statements And Documentation Which You Can Use To Organize Your Own System Of Prevention. No Manager Should Be Without This Pocket Guide.	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920909	The Manager's Pocket Guide To Knowledge Management	Kathleen Foley Curley&Barbara Kivowitz		Knowledge About Customers, Markets, Core Processes, How Things Get Done, Who Knows What Is A Core Business Asset. You May Have Heard Of Knowledge Management. No Longer A Buzz Word, It S Becoming Mainstream In Companies Large And Small Who Want To Strengthen Core Competencies In: Responsiveness To The Market Innovation Of New Products And Services Competency Of Skill Base Efficiency Of Work ProcessesIf You Re Ready To Start The Knowledge Management Process In Your Organization, This Book Provides A Practical Plan And Roadmap. You Ll Walk Through All The Stages Assessment, Planning, Deployment, And Evaluation And Gain Specific Action Steps For Putting It All Together To Expand Your Core Competency And Win Competitive Advantage.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920961	Virtual Teams	Bellingham		Critical Skills For Developing High-Peforming Teams In A Virtual Environment This Book Outlines The Critical Skills For Developing High Performance Teams In A Virtual Environment. It Will Help Set Performance Goals And Clarify Direction For Team Members That May Be Geographically Dispersed, From Different Disciplines, From Different Departments, And Even From Different Organizations. By Using Modern Technology, The Best And Brightest People Can Be Brought Together. These Teams Face The Challenge Of Developing A Sense Of Trust And Collaboration Without The Benefit Of Daily Face-To-Face Contact. The Success Of Virtual Teams Requires Not Only That The Technology Is In Place To Sustain Their Progress, But That The Essential Elements Of High-Performing Teams Be Developed In Organizations Throughout The World.	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920992	The Managers's Pocket Guide to Corporate Culture Change	Richard Bellingham		A Logical And Systematic Approach To Change.This Guide Provides The Essential Methods For Mobilizing People Behind These Shared Values. It Teaches The Skills To Empower Within Defined Parameters, The Type Of Support They Require For Success, And The Best Ways To Recognize Individual And Team Contributions. It Also Reviews The Basic Tenets For Developing People And Creating A Learning Organization, As Well As Providing Practical Methods For Aligning The Culture Behind The Business Strategy In Order To Manage The Change.	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921197	Heat Transfer	Latif M. Jiji		This textbook has been written for an introductory course in eat transfer. Its scope has been limited to what can be realistically covered in one semester. The temptation to include topices that can only be skimmed superficialy or those that belong in a graduate level course has been resisted. Illustrative examples have been done deliberately to force students to understand and learn concepts rather than mimic examples. Instead, a problem solving methodology is featured in the text and applied in the preparation of solutions.	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921272	Organizational Engineering	Salton		The Manager'S Guide To Organizational Engineering Explains How Individuals And Group Behavior Can Be Understood, Measured, Predicted, And Guided With A High Degree Of Accuracy. The Methods Outlined In This Title Are Simple, Fast And Reliable, And Produce Results That Are Visible And Significant. The Technology Underlying Organizational Engineering Combines Information Processing Theory And Sociology, Rather Than Psychology. Information Processing Theory Allows Probable Behavior To Be Estimated With A High Degree Of Specificity; Sociology - The Science Of Group Behavior - Is Used To Provide Tools That Allow The Behaviors To Be Guided In The Desired Direction. The Process Is Done With The Active Participation And Concurrence Of The Groups Involved.	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921296	5 Steps To Successful Business Leadership	Graham R. Little		5 Steps To Successful Business Leadership Is An Important Management Guide Which Explores The Principles And Practice Of Leadership In Business. It Defines The Basic Principles And Shows How Leadership Skills Can Be Developed And Applied In Any Organisation. Areas Covered Include: How To Set The Standards How To Motivate The Management Team Establishing And Achieving Targets Coaching Skills Monitoring Performance Creating The Environment For Success Thinking Outside The Square Written In Direct, Down-To-Earth Language, This Book Will Entertain As It Informs A Useful Tool For Any Aspiring Business Leader.	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921555	Think Lazy Grow Rich	John Ruck		We All Know It Is A Myth That You Have To Work Hard To Be Rich; And Yet We Still Grind Away, Hoping That Eventually Our Reward Will Come. This Book Shows How Hard Work Can Actually Reduce Your Chances Of Success! By Keeping Relaxed, And Clear-Headed, And Focusing Effort Only In Areas That Are Likely To Produce A Big Return, You Can Improve Your Chances Of Big-Time Success, While Also Improving Your Quality Of Life...	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921609	VAT, a way out of the Indian tax muddle,problems and prospects of value added tax	G. K. Pillai		A WAY OUT OF THE INDIAN TAX MUDDLE PROBLEMS AND PROSPECTS OF ADOPTING VALUE ADDED TAX In this book Dr. Pillai presents the prominent features of VAT on a comprehensive canvas. He explains the positive impact of VAT on the national economies of several c	2005-01-01	Jaico Pub. House						ZZZ000000
9788172241568	Glimpses of World Religions	A. Shah		One religion is as good as another and the reading of each of the world religions is quite rewarding to all. The aim of this book is to give the reader a picturesque glimpse of the great religions by which men live. Reading of your own religion refreshes yourself and that of others makes you understand and respect the beliefs of others. You undergo a profound and purifying experience while going through these manifold aids to morals. So also the descriptions and revelations in this book copiously tell of the way our fellowmen worship in every part of the world.	1958-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922057	The Supervisors Handbook	Board Of Editors - National Press		A Quick And Handy Guide For Any Manager Or Business Owner. Whether You Re A Supervisor, Manager Or The Owner Of Your Own Business Your Success Depends On The Results You Achieve Through Others. That Means Your Business Relies On You To Build An Efficient, Productive Team. This Could Be The Toughest Challenge You Ve Ever Faced. But It Doesn T Have To Be.Now, With This Handy Desktop Guide, You Ve Got The Answers To All Your Management Problems At Your Fingertips. The Supervisor S Handbook Provides Tips.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922231	The Monkey	Stephen King		Code: JCO-SIONDescription: This book is a selection of the greatest horror short stories ever written. Masters of their art, the authors succeed in creating a subtle atmosphere of unease in their stories and bring into them elements of the supernatural. As your eyes glance furtively above the page to that half-opened door and the shadows that lurk beyond, the stories will leave you shaken and thrilled, but in no way repulsed. A great collection for those who like to feel their skin crawl and their hair stand on end. Stephen King's The Monkey is a great way to start!	2005-07-30	Educa Books						FIC015000
9788184951110	Family Wisdom (Malayalam)	Robin Sharma		Now In MalayalamIn the pages of this remarkable book, acclaimed author of the worldwide publishing sensation The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari and internationally renowned leadership guru Robin Sharma reveals a simple yet strikingly effective system that shows you how to liberate that natural leadership potential of your child while creating a richer, more rewarding life for yourself in the process. With profound insight and heartfelt enthusiasm, Robin Sharma teaches you The 5 Masteries Of The Family Leader as well as practical lessons to help you: Unlock the best talents and highest abilities of your child Deepen the relationships between you and those you love Inspire your children to be strong of character and wise of mind Teach your kids how to dream big dreams and find true success	2010	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184951097	Who Will Cry When You Die? (Kannada)	Robin Sharma		Now In KannadaDoes the gem of wisdom quoted above strike a chord deep within you? Do you feel that life is slipping by so fast that you might never get the chance to live with the meaning, happiness and joy you know you deserve? If so, then this very special book by leadership guru Robin Sharma, the author whose The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari series has transformed the lives of thousands, will be the guiding light that leads you to a brilliant new way of living. In this easy-to-read yet wisdom-rich manual, Robin Sharma offers 101 simple solutions to life s most complex problems, ranging from a little-known method for beating stress and worry to a powerful way to enjoy the journey while you create a legacy that lasts.	2010	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922330	Creating Culture Change	Philip Atkinson		If You Want To Implement Best Practice In Your Business, Creating Culture Change Will Equip You With The Passion, Strategy And Skills To Bring About Change Quickly And Successfully.Philip Atkinson, A Leading Management Consultant, Has Distilled The Secrets Of Culture Change In This New And Revised Classic Text. A Specialist In Driving Behavioural Change With All Levels Of Management In Many Commercial Sectors, He Outlines Clearly, In A No-Nonsense Style, The Essentials For Success. His Vibrant Approach To The Subject Leaves The Traditional Far Behind.The Book Is Revolutionary In Its Content, Rejecting Many So-Called Established Approaches To Total Quality And Replacing Them With Strategies Which Strike At Revitalising The Fabric Of The Organisation. Stop Now And Think If You Couldn T Fail, What Would You Change ? Now Read The Book And Apply The Ideas.Creating Culture Change Creates A Landmark In Allowing Management To Face Up To Its Responsibility For Mastering The Process Of Change Which Is Critical To Functioning Successfully In The 21St Century. The Author Believes That Results Are A Reflection Of How Well People Are Managed And He Further Expresses The View That Most Managers Learn To Manage By Accident Rather Than By Design.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922378	Every Woman S Survival Manual	Arvind Khaire		Self-protection is every womans right! It is generally observed that a woman tolerates offensive behaviour without taking any steps to protect herself, either because she feels it is just not worth the effort or because she feels that the situation is f	2004	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922422	Pschological Testing : A Manager S Guide	Editeor - Ruth C. Carter		Psychological Testing Has Long Been Established As A Definitive Introduction For Managers And Students To Understanding What Tests Are; Determining Policy; And Choosing, Introducing And Evaluating Aptitude And Personality Tests. In This Book The Authors Have Streamlined The Whole Text And Included, Or Greatly Extended, Coverage Of A Wide Range Of Key Topics: Avoiding Unfair Discrimination And Other Ethical And Legal Issues Testing Top Managers The Application Of Computers To Testing Using Tests In Job Redesign, Career Guidance And Team-Building Competency Frameworks, 360-Degree Feedback And Assessment Centres Routes To Acquiring Basic Testing Skills And Qualifications.A New Appendix Offers Guidance And Reassurance On Taking Tests.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922453	Think Like A Manager	Roger Fritz		Few people are born with the skills to manage people, projects, departments or companies. Anyone who s committed to the pursuit of excellence can learn effective management skills. And this book shows you how. More than a management theory book, Think Lik	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922460	Escape From The Rat Race	Nicholas Corder		You Work Long Hours In An Oppressive Environment, Spend Ages Stuck In Trains, Buses And Cars, And For What? To Crash On The Sofa With Only Enough Energy To Dial A Take-Away And Watch Tv? The Impact Of This Lifestyle On Your Physical And Mental Well-Being, As Well As Your Personal Relationships, Is Stunting And Dehumanising: Why Work So Hard To Buy Yourself Luxuries, When You Are Too Tired And Dispirited To Enjoy Them Properly? In The Rat Race, Only A Rat Can Win, But There Is An Alternative, And One For Which Thousands Of People Worldwide Are Beginning To Opt. Nicholas Corder Has Done It, And Here He Shows How You Too Can Change Your Way Of Living To One Of Simplicity, Increased Happiness And Immense Satisfaction.Just Begin By Making Small Changes To Your Working, Living And Spending Patterns, Until You Reach A Level With Which The Family Is Comfortable. Corder Advises On All Of These Changes And Suggests Practical Ways To Escape The Rat Race And Start Enjoying A More Balanced, Happier Life.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922446	Legendary Lovers	Neelam Kumar		Legendary Lovers Is A Collection Of 21 Eternal & Unforgettable Tales Of Love. Steeped In The Country S Rich Cultural Heritage, They Are All Stories Of Love, Loss, Pain, Joy And In Several Cases, Of Obsession, Picked Up From The Stage Of Ancient, Undivided India.The Stories Celebrate Love In Its Myriad Forms And Hues. There Is Intensity (Laila-Majnoon); Passion (Charu Datta-Vasant Sena ); Tenderness (Shirin-Farhad); Heroism (Samyogita-Prithviraj Chauhan); Longing (Yaksha-Yakshini) And Glorious Sacrifice (Anarkali-Salim).They Are All Stories That Will Leave Their Fragrance In Your Heart, Long After You Have Read Them.	2004	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922545	The Cannons of Kalindi	Abhishek Pandit		Faraway in the Andaman Islands, a land where golden beaches are kissed by the bright yellow sun, and washed by the deep blue sea, an untold story is about to unfold. When Krish, Anna, Arnav, Rani and Vasco move into the fishing village of Kalindi, they	2004	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922613	The Art Of Encouragement	Mike Pegg		How Can You Encourage Yourself ? How Can You Encourage People Across The Planet? Everyone Who Wants To Make A Difference Will Find This Book A Practical And Positive Tool: Volunteers, Parents, Team Leaders, Managers, Dreamers, Activists. The World Needs More Encouragers. This Book Will Help More Of Them To Grow. The Art Of Encouragement Is A Timely Reminder To Everyone That The Achievement Of Quality, Excellence And Improved Performance Stems Directly From Our Ability To Encourage And Support Our People.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922620	Corporate Fraud: How to identify and deal with Corporate Fraud ...and how to prevent it	David Price		Corporate Fraud is a practical guide to recognising and combatting the increasing occurrence of corporate fraud. The cost of protecting against fraud is not high; the consequences of failing to do so can be disastrous...Experienced fraud investigator an	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922712	Leadership Skills for Boosting Performance	Terry Gillen		Terry Gillen proposes that practical leadership is about orchestrating better performance - not by coercion or pulling rank but by creating the conditions so that people want to perform better. Hyperbole and abstract theories are cast aside in favour of i	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						BUS069000
9788179922798	Winning Management	Wolf J. Rinke		Are You Ready To Achieve A Sustainable Long Term Advantage Which Will Force Your Competitors To Play Catch-Up? If So, This Book Is For You. This Practical Book Provides You With Easy To Implement Step-By-Step, Safe Strategies That Will Enable You To Thrive In A Rapidly, Changing Highly Competitive Global Economy. More Specifically, It Shows You How To Build A High Performance Team, How To Master Strategies That Build Trust, How To Implement An Effective Reward System Plus Many More Things.	2004	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923016	Wannabe Guide To Golf	Jack Mingo		To Be Or Wannabe, That Is The Question.Why Spend Years Trying To Master Golf When Smart Guy Jack Mingo Can Help You Sound Like A Pro In A Matter Of Hours?Even If You Don T Know A Five-Iron From A Tire Iron, Or A Mashie From A Niblick, Mingo Shows You How To Look, Act And Feel Like A Putter Instead Of A Putz. Master The Game Without Leaving Your Easy Chair & And You Won T Even Have To Pay Any Fees.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923160	Personnel Finance	M.W. Shaikh		Every organization wants to hire competent workers who will be assets, and not liabilities, to the company. The process of recruitment comprises inter-related stages such as planning, strategy development, searching and screening. Each step involves costs	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923405	Drive For Personal Leadership	Matthew May		At Some Point In Life, Everyone Reflects On A Most Important Question: Have I Made The Most Of What I Have To Offer The World?In Absolute Impact - Drive For Personal Leadership, Author Matthew May Penetrates The Deeper Issues Involved In Achieving Significant Positive Impact In Work And Life. Through An Entertaining Dramatic Dialogue, Four Unique Characters - Each With A Distinctly Different Perspective - Debate The Central Challenges To Personal Leadership. Drawing On The Wisdom Of The Ages And Supported By The Science Of Human Nature, The Fable S Approach Moves From Concept To Application, Past Explanation To Demonstration. Complete With Discovery Exercises And Evaluative Tools, Absolute Impact - Drive For Personal Leadership Unveils The Timeless Keys To Accomplishing Your Life S Greatest Work!	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923467	Success Is Yours Go For It	Ravindra Singh		Success Is For Everyone. Success Is By Choice, Not By Chance. This Book Will Empower You To: Build Your Vision Of Success Turn Your Vision Into Reality Set Powerful Goals Be The Action Person Turn Your Weaknesses Into Strengths Develop Good Habits Build Trust And Mutual Respect With People Become More Effective Success Is Yours... Go For It.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923115	Making Effective Media Happen	Michael Brown		Discover the personal and professional benefits of effective media in this practical and concise guidebook.Have you ever seen yourself on television? Have you ever watched someone publicly lose their temper, or be hounded by an interviewer into saying s	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923122	Motivating Today S Employees	Lin Grensing-Pophal		When You Are Watching The Bottom Line, It Is Easy To Forget How Your Employees Are Feeling About Their Jobs. But Unproductive Staff Can Be One Of The Biggest Threats To That Bottom Line, As Many Business Owners Have Discovered To Their Cost.A Favorable Working Environment Combined With Good Worker Benefits Has Eclipsed Salaries As The Prime Concern Of The Work Force. Here Is A Book That Tackles The Job-Satisfaction Issue Head-On. It Offers Creative Options That Will Help Companies Increase Worker Effectiveness.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923214	Intuitive Selling	Thomas Wood-Young		Discover The Most Effective Selling Approaches Used By Top Sales Professionals. Selling Is About Service, Listening, Developing Customer Relationships, Building Trust, Finding Yourself In The Zone And Developing Your Intuitive Abilities So You Can Better Understand The Needs Of Your Customers. This Book Will Help Make Selling Easy For You By Demonstrating How To Develop Effective Selling Instincts That Can Become Second Nature. This Guide To Practical, Common Sense Selling Technique Will Help You Stay Motivated And Close More Sales.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923221	6 Steps To Career Success	Tarin Frances		A Delightful, Inspiring, And Informative Book That Will Transform Your Life. For Teenagers And Adults Of Any Age, 6 Steps To Career Success Provides An Easy, Step-By-Step Approach To Discovering Your Purpose. Ms. Frances Blends Rational, Emotional, And Intuitive Perspectives, Teaching You How To Actualize Your Dreams. You Will Answer The Tough Life Questions: What Should I Do With My Life? The Book Shows You Exactly How To:- Believe In Your Potential And Reduce Negative Thinking- Discover Yourself, Through Eight Self-Assessment Exercises- Find Over 600 Careers That Match Your Personality- Research Your Careers Of Interest Using Dozens Of Internet Sites- Make Decisions Using Your Thoughts, Feelings, And Intuition- Create A Clear Path For Your Future- Prepare A Resume, Cover Letter, And Handle An Interview- Stay Motivated And Overcome Obstacles	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923320	Appraising Job Performance	Patrick Forsyth		Focus on what really makes a difference - the essentials of performance appraisalNot only do job performance appraisals have to be done, but they can be really enriching exercises. This practical book explains how to plan, prepare and conduct meetings t	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923337	Organising A Conference	Pauline Appleby		Focus On What Really Makes A Difference - The Essentials Of Organising A ConferenceWhether You Are Organising A Conference Or Event For A Large Or Small Company, For Fundraising, Promotion Or For Sharing Information, This Practical Book Explains Step-By-Step Just How To Do It. All You Need To Know About Venue Selection, Speaker Sourcing, Brochure Design, Registration, Budgeting, Sponsorship, Audio-Visuals, Press Coverage And Evaluation. Plan And Run An Effective Event That Will Impress Your Colleagues And Customers.An Excellent Book Should Be Read By Everyone Who Is Planning To Organise A Conference.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923344	Excuses, Excuses, Excuses!	Darryl S. Doane & Rose D. Sloat		There Is No Excuse For Delivering Poor Customer Service!This Book Is For Any Company, Business, Or Organization That Deals With Customers And Has A Passionate Desire To Survive. We Ve All Been Customers Ourselves, And We Re Tired Tired Of Inadequate Service, A Lack Of Concern, And A Take-It-Or-Leave-It Attitude. We Re Tired Of Being Told Everything Under The Sun Except That Which We Long To Hear How May I Help You? Followed By The Appropriate Action. This Book Is About Excuses We Use For Not Giving Excellent Customer Service, And How We Can Shoot Those Excuses Down.Excuses Are Those Obstacles We As Employees In The Service Industry Create For Not Doing Those Things We Have An Inherent Responsibility To Provide The Customer With Excellent Professional Service In A Caring, Friendly, And Consistent Manner. This Book Calls Our Attention To The Excuses We Use Far Too Often, But More Importantly, It Provides Alternatives What We Should Say And Do Instead. After All, There Are No Excuses For Not Delivering Excellent Customer Service!	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923511	Because Of You	Dan Zadra&Katie Lambert		The Biggest Ideas In Life Are Often Expressed In The Fewest Words. Jaico Brings You The Best In This Series Of Thoughts To Inspire & Celebrate. There Are No Long Speeches Or Fancy Tributes, But There S Magic On These Pages, And You Won T Have To Search For It.We All Know Special People Friends, Family, Employees, Co-Workers, Who Go About Their Daily Lives, Quietly And Genuinely Giving So Much Of Themselves, But Expecting Little In Return. This Book Is For And About Them. It Focuses On The Gifts That They Give Us, And The Difference That They Make In Our Lives.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923580	Total Palmistry: The Love Connection	Rafe Anderson		Are You An Apollonian, Independent And Drawn To The Opportunity To Date And Meet Many People? Or Is It Mercury That Rules Your Heart, As You Seek Romance More For Its Comfort Than Its Excitement? The Key To These Behavioral Mysteries Lays Right In The Palm Of Your Hand Literally! Rafe Anderson Has Unlocked The Ancient Art Of Palm Reading In A Fun, Interactive Guide That Will Give Readers Hours F Pleasure As They Discover The Unique Attributes Revealed By The Mounds On Their Palms, The Shapes Of Their Fingertips, And The Amount Of Hair On The Back Of Their Hands.Unlike Most Palmistry Books That Cover General Palm Reading Topics In Tireless Detail, This Book Focuses On The Individual Palm Being Read For Information About Love Interests, Problems, And Opportunities. The Reader Carefully Answers Each Question That Describes The Palm Being Examined, And Is Then Sent To The Page That Further Describes Their Approach To Life And Gives Insight Into How They Handle Some Of Life S Most Significant Romantic Challenges. Each Reading Is Completely Unique! One Reading Leads To The Next In This Intuitive Little Book, Where Within Minutes You Ll Be In Tune With Your True Romantic Qualities. But Remember, Your Palm Does Not Control Your Fate. Rather, It Will Help You Learn To Improve Your Shortcomings And Work With Your Strengths In The Romantic Realm.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923597	Tranquility In A Whirlpool	Shreyas Morakhia		In This, The First Of A Series Of Books Designed To Explain And Challenge The Everyday Philosophies Of The Western World, Shreyas Morakhia Takes A Brave Step To Address The Universal But Complex Premise, What Am I? This Book Explains The Philosophical And Religious Issues That Capture Our Attention In Everyday Life. The Author Weaves A Story About An Indian Prince, Swapna, Born Into A Life Of Opulence And Luxury. When Faced With Tragedy, The Prince Is Forced To Reassess His Views On Everything He Knows And Believes. He Begins His Spiritual Journey When He Meets An Enlightened And Venerable Sage, Vajrasiddhi, Who Accepts Him As A Disciple. The Story Is A Collation Of The Wisdom And Teachings Of Many Great Enlightened Masters. Written In A Simple And Lucid Style, This Book Highlights Fundamental Facts Of Spiritualism, God, And Religion. Choose God And You Choose Life, Love And Joy; They Are Synonymous. This Is The Basic Truth Which Will Help Us Uplift Our Inner Beings To Higher States Of Awareness And Self-Realization.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923610	Make Meetings Work	Julie-Ann Amos		Focus On What Really Makes A Difference The Essentials Of Making Meetings Work.Handled Well, Meetings Can Be Invaluable Tools For Getting Things Discussed, Agreed, And Then Taken Forward. Whether You Re Chairing Or Attending, This Book Will Enable You To Have Meetings That Are Productive And Get Things Done. Discover How To Create And Manage Effective Agendas, Handle Challenges, Encourage Creativity, And Much, Much More.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923627	Writing, Speaking, Listening	Helen Wilkie		The Ability To Communicate Well Is The Number One Tool In Business.It S Often All That Stands Between A High Achiever And Those That Simply Get By. But Communication Isn T All About What You Say, It S About Active Listening Too. There S No Such Thing As One-Way Communication. That S Where This Essential Guide Comes In. Use It To Pick Up Vital Skills And Techniques And Be Confident That Your Message Is Well Received And Clearly Understood.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923634	Delegating	Julie-Ann Amos		Giving Work To Other People Is Not Delegating. Delegating Involves Letting Somebody Else Take Control Of A Task That You Are Still Responsible For. Scary, But Essential If You Are To Multiply Your Personal Effectiveness Within An Organisation. But How Do You Choose The Right Person For A Job, And Ensure That The Work Will Be Done Correctly And On Time? This Book Shows You How, And Ensures That The Next Time You Have To Delegate, Everyone Involved Will Benefit.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						BUS041000
9788179923641	100 Ways To Make Your Business A Success	Neil Bromage		As The Manager Of A Small Business You Have To Be A Salesperson, Accountant, Buyer, Visionary, Researcher And Entrepreneur.Here You Ll Find Help And Advice In All These Areas And More. Any One Of The 100 Ideas And Techniques Packed Into This Invaluable Resource Book, Could Make A Critical Difference To Your Company S Results. Raise Your Business Profile With Effective Pr Get Better Deals From Suppliers Reduce Your Bad Debts Learn How To Market On A Shoestring Techniques For Successful Selling How To Raise Finance Prepare Your Annual Accounts Create A Strong Brand	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179926048	Ancient Wisdom For Modern Times	Anjana Chokshi		Ancient Wisdom For Modern Times Offers Refreshing Insights Into The Many Challenges That We Face In Day To Day Living. The Stories In This Book Extracted From Zen, Taoist, Sufi, Upanishads And Other Scriptures, Will Encourage You To Change From Within And Also Help You To: Recognize The Leader Within Yourself Reinvent The Obstacles That Appear To Be Holding You Back Resolve Problems And Explore New Pathways In Your Workplace As Well As In Your Life Perform With Passion, Energy And Flair	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922675	Operations Team Leadership	Graham R. Little		This book covers topics such as the control of operating profit and the necessary strategies and tactics, improving unit costs by setting clear goals, building profit consciousness and implementing work improvement programmes, ensuring strong planning, ma	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923771	Marketing Tool Kit	Nick Robinson S		Nick Robinsons Marketing Tool Kit Is An Encyclopaedia Of More Than A Thousand Fresh, Tested Marketing Ideas To Improve Business Success. This Intensely Practical Book Illustrates A Wealth Of Ingenious Ways For An Organisation To Create Profitable Sales. It Details Advertising Approaches Including Displays, Classified And Loose Inserts, Directory Ads, Product Cards, Local Radio And Ideas For The Internet. It Reveals Direct Marketing Methods Including Ways To Boost Direct Mail And Direct Response Advertising. It Gives Specific Step-By-Step Guidance In Planning, Budgeting And Executing Effective Sales Lead Generation Programmes. All Organisations Can Profit From These Ready-To-Go Plans, Regardless Of The Type Of Market Or Size Of Budget.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923788	How To Survive The Information Age At Work	Ron Hopkins		This Important New Guide Will Enable You To Create The Workstyle And Lifestyle You Want, Despite The Changes That Go On Around You. If You Run The Company, You Ll Find Some Really Practical Tips On Setting A Vision. If You Work In The Company You Ll Learn How To Change Direction And Dovetail Smoothly With The Company Vision. You'Ll Learn To Keep Your Head Above Water In The Flood Of Information Overload And If You Take The Email Protocols Section To Heart, You And Your Team Can Cut Down Traffic By Nearly 50% - Which Gives You Valuable Time To Stay Ahead Of The Changes.The Book Includes Simple, Practical Ways To Cut Your Stress And Improve Your Hardiness To It For The Future.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923757	Survival Tactics	John Yates		This Is A Practical Handbook For Business Survival - Survival In Difficult Times, Survival From A New Competitor, Or Survival From New Environmental Legislation. Survival Tactics Is A Guide To Protecting Profits In All Kinds Of Adverse Conditions. It Is Based On An Approach Which Has Been Developed At Seminars And Workshops With Hundreds Of Companies In The Uk.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924136	The Secrets Of Successful Sales Management	Tony Adams		Written in powerful language that pulls no punches and minces no words, this book tells you exactly what it takes to become a successful, or more successful manager. More than that, it lays down some unique principles for sales philosophy, man-management	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924143	Making Management Simple	Frances Kay&Helen Gunness & Nicola Stevens		When You Ve Lost The Jargon And Cut The Hype, Management Is About Essential Principles And Issues. This Book Tells You What They Are And How To Get Them Right. Cope With Your Work Overload Make The Most Of Limited Resources Avoid Time-Wasters Get Yourself Organized Make Decisions And Focus On Results Recruit The Right People Communicate Effectively Manage Change Handle Difficulties And Resolve ConflictCountless Books Have Been Written On Management Theory. This One Gets To The Point And Tells You How To Be An Effective Manager. Results Will Follow.	2006-07-15	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923948	Planning A Career Change	Judith Johnstone		Aimed At Anyone Making A New Start, At Whatever Age.Use This Series Of Exercises And Checklists In This Empowering Guide To Discover Who And What You Are, What Skills And Strengths You Possess, And Which Careers Suit You Best. Discover How To Put Your Personal Circumstances Into Perspective, Where To Seek Help When Necessary, And How To Avoid Repeating Mistakes. With The Help Of This Step-By-Step Guide, A Change Of Direction Instead Of Being Daunting Will Be Both Exciting And Fulfilling.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923719	Simple Feng Shui	Damian Sharp		For Centuries, The Chinese Have Practiced Feng Shui - The Ancient Taoist Art And Science Of Living In Harmony With The Environment - For A Host Of Personal And Practical Benefits. Recently, Westerners Have Embraced Feng Shui To Learn How To Channel The Fl	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924037	Three Gates To Meditation Practice	David A. Cooper		Here is an insider s look at a spectrum of mystical traditions by someone who is remarkably fluent in the language of each. Three Gates to Meditation Practice chronicles more than fifteen years in the spiritual journey of post-denominational rabbi Dav	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924211	Make Smart Decisions About Training	Paul G. Whitmore		Training Is One Of The Most Powerful Tools Upper Management Has To Achieve Critical Corporate Strategies. But To Be Effective, The Training Has To Work. It Has To Guarantee That Learners Will Master Job-Critical Skills And Have The Self-Confidence To Perf	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924273	The Way To Inner Peace	Peter & Penny Fenner		This book is the culmination of our many years of integrating the basic wisdom of Asian Philosophy into a truly Western, accessible format. In this book we offer the spirit and heart of these timeless approaches to human fulfillment without the cultural o	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924310	101 Ways To Really Satisfy Your Customers	Andrew Griffiths		Small businesses have the greatest potential to offer extremely high levels of customer service, due to their direct contact with customers. Unfortunately, very few people fully realise the power of customer service and what it can do for their business.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924358	The Little Book Of Yoga Brething Pranayama Mde Easy&	Scott Shaw		The Art Of Breath Control Or Pranayama Is One Of The Key Aspects Of A Yoga Practice, Helping To Lead A Less Stressful Life. The Little Book Of Yoga Breathing Offers The Pure Essence Of Pranayama With Simple And Effective Breathing Exercises That Will Have You Practicing Mindful Breathing In A Heartbeat.Author And Yoga Teacher For Over Twenty-Five Years, Scott Shaw Presents More Than Fifteen Breathing Exercises To Help You Stay Calm, Get Focused, And Rejuvenate.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924563	The Handy Kids & Parents Gk Handbook	Judy Galens And Nancy Pear		Anyone who has ever been a kid, or had a kid, or hung out with a kid knows that asking questions is what kids do. It happens to be a great way to find out about the world around you. But in their eagerness to investigate, they may occasionally exhaust the	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924792	Network Marketing	Dr. Joe Rubino		Learn How You Can Create Lifelong Residual Income And Financial Security Through A Simple, Proven System. This Book Contains The Keys To Success In Building Your Network Marketing Business - From The Man Success Magazine Called A Millionaire Maker In Their Landmark We Create Millionaires Cover Story.Learn What It Takes To Be The Top Money Earner In Any Network Marketing Company!	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924808	Developing Effective People	Lesley Morrissey		Every Manager Dreams Of Running A High Performance Team. The Techniques In This Book Are A Pragmatic Approach To Developing More Creative, Innovative, Dedicated, Positive, Energetic And Committed Staff. Managers Who Develop These Skills Become High Performers, Get Promoted And Have A Direct Impact On Their Companys Profit Line. Get Your Team From Trying Their Best To Being The Best. This Guide Covers Topics Such As How To Grow An Achiever, How To Create A Successful Environment, How To Create The Tools Of Success, And How To Make Training Really Work.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924815	Emotional Selling	David Yule		It has been estimated that 80% of all buying decisions are based on emotion. The key to successful sales is making the right connection with the customer, and extracting the right emotional response.Emotional Selling sets out a tried and tested techniqu	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924822	Extraordinary Customer Services	Glen Mccoy		A New Guide To Customer Service From A Top Consultant In The Field.Most Companies Think They Know About Customer Service, But Don T... This Important New Guide Shows How To Revolutionise The Approach To Customer Service Throughout The Organisation, From Very Top To Very Bottom. Glen Mccoy Provides A Step-By-Step Guide For Managers Wanting To Make A Difference.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924839	4 Secrets Of High Performing Organizations	Bud Bilanich		If You Feel Overwhelmed By The Constant Parade Of Old Ideas Repackaged Into Miracle-Promising Quick Fixes, This Books For You. 4 Secrets Of High Performing Organizations Presents Solid, Down-To-Earth Advice That Will Help You Avoid Falling For The Latest Management Fads. This Straightforward Story May Appear Simple, But It Represents Complex Ideas Gleaned From Many Years Of Real-World Learning.4 Secrets Helps You Assess Your Unique Leadership Situation. It Suggests A Comprehensive Set Of Practical Concepts That You Can Begin Using Immediately To Create More Effective And Productive Organizations. Once You Have Learned The Four Secrets, This Book Undoubtedly Will Become One Of Your Most Used And Useful References.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924969	The Keys To Healing	Gaston Saint-Pierre		Learn to ease the stress and tension of your life through aligning your energy to the laws regulating the universe.Over the last 30 years Gaston Saint-Pierre has developed the Metamorphic Technique, a simple approach to self-healing and personal develop	2007-01-11	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924976	Building Media Buzz	Marisa D Vari		In Today S Cutthroat Economic Environment, Professionals Of Every Description Must Discover The Secrets Of Elevating Themselves Above The Competition. Marisa D Vari, One Of The Nation S Leading Expert Strategists On Media Promotion, Offers Fresh Insider	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925010	Spiritual Life: A Deeper Surrender	Stuart Perrin		In Spiritual Life, Perrin Distills Rudi S Teachings While Adding A Generous Measure Of His Own On Relationships, Sex, Livelihood, Spiritual Development, Teachers, Students, Yoga, And Perhaps Most Importantly, Staying Centered And Getting Grounded.The Te	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925027	Magic Of Dreaming Big	Lisa Hammond		Finding the Courage to Follow Your Dreams and Laugh at Your Nightmares Dream Big is a tell-all, whopping inspiration of a book. If you re searching for your life s calling whether it s beginning a business, founding a charity, raising a family Dream Big can help you find it. If you know what your dream is, Dream Big will help you achieve it.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925089	Power Metaphor	Michael Berman&David Brown		This Pioneering Book Combines The Power Of Metaphor And The Dynamics Of Story Telling. The Metaphor Is Powerful Because It Parallels Life; The Story Is Dynamic Because It Captivates. When A Metaphor Is Embedded In A Story, The Captivation Of The Listener Activates The Subconscious, And The Metaphor Is Absorbed.The Power Of Metaphor Provides A Collection Of Such Resonant Stories And Guided Visualisations For Use With Groups. Tracing Techniques Of Story Telling Back To Their Original Roots, It First Promotes A Deep Understanding Of The Uses Of Metaphor, Before Presenting A Series Of Enjoyable And Thought-Provoking Stories. Each Story Takes The Form Of A Guided Journey That Leads The Listener Along An Imaginative Path. Each Forms A Script For An Inspiring Story Session That Will Enhance The Learning Of Its Listeners.Packed With Original Stories And Visualisations, The Power Of Metaphor Is Simply An Invaluable Resource For Teachers, Trainers And Therapists. If You Are Looking For New Approaches To Group Work, Or If You Are Interested In The Art Of Story Telling, This Book Will Illuminate And Stimulate.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925133	Think Your Way To Millions	Jagmohan Bhanver		Think! Your Way To Millions Is One Of The Few Books Available On The Subject Of Behavioral Finance. Behavioral Finance Deals With The Psychology Of Investor Decisions. By Reading This Book And Applying The Principles Contained In It, Ordinary People Can D	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925225	The Art Of Thank You	Connie Leas		Create A Lasting Impression Learn The Secrets Of Whys, Whens, And How-Tos Of Thank-You-Note Writing. The Art Of Thank You Will Motivate You Or Perhaps Someone You Know Who Could Use A Little Encouragement To Pick Up A Pen And Take The Time To Express Gratitude. Interspersing Straightforward Guidelines With Funny, Inspiring Anecdotes And Examples By Such Luminaries As Abraham Lincoln And Ernest Hemingway, The Author S Practical Tips For Newlyweds, Business People, And Children Make This Handy Little Book An Indispensable Resource.	2006	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925393	Earth, Water, Fire, & Air	Cait Johnson		Forthcoming Discover The Elemental Approach To Spirituality Keys To Self-Healing And Re-Connection To The EarthThe Root Of Human Spirituality Is Grounded In Four Elements Earth, Water, Fire And Air. They Are Common To All People And Almost Every Spiri	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925447	Old Dogs, New Tricks	Warren Bennis		This Book Shows How Today S Lean Organizations Leverage The Talents Of Senior Managers To Design Faster, Better, And More Profitable Organizations Through Creative Collaboration. Moving From The Authoritarian Model Of Control, Order, And Predict, To A New Paradigm Of Acknowledge, Create, And Empower, These Organizations Continually Reinvent Themselves To Address New Markets And Capitalize On New Technologies. These Essays Reflect Bennis S Latest Thinking And Insights, Showing How Authoritarian Managers May Be Transformed Into Collaborative And Creative Leaders.	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925522	Silence, Simplicity And Solitude	David A. Cooper		The Ancient Mystics Looked To Spiritual Retreat As A Way Of Cleansing The Body And Healing The Soul. In Silence, Simplicity And Solitude, David A. Cooper Traces The Path Of The Mystics And The Practice Of Spiritual Retreat In All The Major Faith Tradition	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925539	Mad, Sad And Bad Management	Adrian Furnham		This Entertaining And Instructive Book Contains Some Five Dozen Analyses On Aspects Of Modern Business And Management. The Book Starts With An Aperitif And Ends With A Substantial Digestif. The Theme Is Incompetence Rather Than Competence, Stupidity Rather Than Wisdom And Insanity Rather Than Sanity. Overall, Adrian Furnham Takes An Enthusiastic, More Than A Cynical, Look At Management Practices, Managers And Management Science. This Is A Book To Be Dipped Into, Taking The Humour And The Messages With Equal Relish.	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925553	Loving Yourself	Daphne Rose Kingma		You Can Love Others, Care For Them, Encourage Them, Support Them, Listen To Them, Comfort Them, Joke And Argue And Cry With Them And I Hope You Do But All The Gifts Of Joy And Consideration And Nurturing That You Give To Others, You Also Deserve From Yourself. You Need The Love That Only You Can Give You. From The IntroductionIt Is Only When We Give Ourselves That We Can Truly And Ever More Deeply Share Loving Relationships With Others. Gently And Profoundly, Loving Yourself Leads Us To Look At How We Sabotage Ourselves. We Can Begin To Love Ourselves By Following A Simple Four-Step Process: Speaking Out Our Heart S Desires, Acting Out To Meet Our Heart S Desires, Clearing Out Old Patterns, And Setting Out On A New Path.	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925577	Spirituality unplugged,essentials of spirituality for materialists	Rajiv R. Gupta		The Pressures Of Modern Living, The Accompanying Stress And Lack Of Purpose In Life Drive A Lot Of People To Seek Refuge In Spirituality. This Book Is For Rational, Ambitious And Educated People Who Would Like To Know Whether Adding Spirituality To Their	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925591	Focus	S.K. Kulkarni		Compilation of articles on society, values, governance and foreign relations of India.	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925607	Moving Mountains	Reinhold Messner		What Thoughts And Feelings Occupy Us When We Face Our Highest Personal Mountains? How Can We Be Dedicated In Pursuit Of Our Goals, Despite Daunting Hardships? This Inspiring Book Is The Best Of Best-Selling Author Reinhold Messner, The First Person To Reach The Summit Of Everest Solo And Without Supplemental Oxygen.Organized Around His Lessons On Life And Leadership, This Book Outlines The Secrets To Overcoming Failure, Pushing The Limits Of The Feasible, And Achieving Lasting Success.Like Most Genuine Leaders, Messner Transcends His Field (Mountain Climber And Expedition Leader) And Assumes A Larger-Than-Life Public Image And Persona. Privately, He Remains A Craftsman First, But His Feats And His Fame Have Also Made Him A Spokesman. And In Both Areas, He Is A Proven Winner. It Is One Thing To Have Survived A Few Near-Death Experiences On Mountains And In Deserts And Ice Fields, But It Is Quite Another To Have Learned So Much And Shared So Deeply With The Intent To Benefit Other People.Moving Mountains Describes The Lessons Messner Has Learned Through A Lifetime Of Breaking Through Mental And Physical Barriers. From Their Reading Of The Book, Individuals, Teams, And Organizations Will Learn The Skills Necessary To Pick Themselves Up And Move Beyond Their Trials And Failures So That They Too Can Reach Unparalleled Heights Of Success.	2006	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184951134	The Greatness Guide (Hindi)	Robin Sharma		Now In HindiThe Greatness Guide is a strikingly powerful and enormously practical handbook that will inspire you to get to world class in both your personal and professional life. Written by Robin Sharma, one of the planet s top success coaches and a man whose ideas have been embraced by celebrity CEOs, leading entrepreneurs, rock stars and royalty, as well as by many FORTUNE 500 companies, The Greatness Guide contains a proven formula that will help you meet your highest potential and live an extraordinary life. Discover: the personal practices of spectacularly successful people potent ideas to get your organization to greatness specific strategies to turn setbacks into opportunities revolutionary tactics for peak performance how to attract true wealth along with real happiness breakthrough ideas to generate excellent health and an energy explosion tools for work-life balance and ways to experience a lot more fun	2010	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179927328	The Greatness Guide (Kannada)	Robin Sharma		The Greatness Guide is a strikingly powerful and enormously practical handbook that will inspire you to get to world class in both your personal and professional life. Written by Robin Sharma, one of the planet's top success coaches and a man whose ideas have been embraced by celebrity CEOs, leading entrepreneurs, rock stars and royalty, as well as by many FORTUNE 500 companies, The Greatness Guide contains a proven formula that will help you meet your highest potential and live an extraordinary life		Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179926000	10 Natural Forces For Business Success: Harnessing The Energy For Positive Impact	Peter R. Garber		Resisting A Natural Force With Powers All Its Own Whether A Hurricane, A Wildfire, Or Organizational Change Can Be A Recipe For Disaster, But Learning To Tap Into Its Energy Can Lead To Unheralded Success. In This Thought-Provoking Volume, Author Peter Garber Explains How To Build Operational And Personnel Systems Around The Powerful Forces Driving Business Success Survival, Change, Communication, Mission, Equity, Performance, Discovery, Diversity, Growth, And Renewal And Demonstrates How Their Combined Energy Can Create Extraordinary Results That Are Critical To Organizational Effectiveness.10 Natural Forces For Business Success Offers Advice On How To Become A Master Communicator, Learn To Act As A Change Agent, And Work In Harmony With Your Organization S Natural Forces To Reduce Tension, Conflict, And Wasted Energy. Sample Dialogues Illustrate Various Approaches To Resolving Common Workplace Issues, Recognizing The Role Each Of The Ten Natural Forces Play In The Interaction. And A Quick Reference Chart Concludes Each Chapter, Outlining Specific Programs And Action Steps For Managing Or Influencing The Effect Each Natural Force Has On Employees And Organizations.	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179926093	Space-Time Continuum	K. Pramila Sastry		A Study Of The Convergence Of Physicists, Philosophers And Poets In General And Emily Dickinson In ParticularSpace-Time Continuum embodies a reflection of the author s life-long exposure to mystic poets, oriental philosophy and science. This book, apa	2006	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179926185	Wisdom Of Mrityusundari	Shreyas Morakhia		The book conveys the message about the acceptance of death and how to rise above body-consciousness. It highlights the basic lessons that we, as embodied souls, must learn in order to evolve spiritually and finally merge into the Absolute. The failure to	2006	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179926413	The 15-Second Principle	Al Secunda		This Revised Edition Of The Best-Selling The 15-Second Principle Is Designed To Give People The Tools And Techniques They Need To Stay Focused And Committed To Their Forgotten Or Abandoned Goals. It Offers A Simple Yet Powerful System To Give Anyone The Freedom To Break Through Stagnation, Fear And Setbacks.Al Grew Up With A Long List Of Handicaps, From Stammering And Self-Doubt To Dyslexia And Performance Anxiety, Yet Was Blessed With A Persistent And Resilient Will To Understand The Nuances Of Success, Self-Fulfillment And Excellence. He Uncovered An Abundance Of Principles, Truths And Techniques That Enabled Him To Take Control Of His Life And Realize Many Of His Dreams.If You Have The Desire To Change Any Aspect Of Your Life, The 15-Second Principle Will Be Your Dynamic And Creative Guide To Transform The Way You Work And Play.	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179926512	Crush,50 poems	Gynelle Alves		Fifty Beautiful Poems Of Love And Of Longing, At Once Acrid And Sweet For A Story That Is As Intensely Personal As It Is Universal. For A Story That Begins When A Girl Meets A Boy.Crush Is For Everyone Who Has Loved In Silence, For Everyone Who Has Known Both Tenderness And Torment.	2007-01-13	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179926567	10 Timeless Principles Of Professional Success	Steven R. Webber		By identifying the top 10 mistakes that most people make, why they exist, and how to get over them, this book helps you to regain that feeling of control. 10 Timeless Principles of Professional Success will help you to: Develop a foundation of internal	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179926604	Be The Boss Your Employees Deserve	Ken Lloyd		Give Your Employees What They Deserve your Best!This groundbreaking book takes you through the entire process of building a work environment that is exactly what your employees want and deserve. Key strategies show you how to establish the most effectiv	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179926703	Unleash Your Hidden Powers	Suhani Shah		This book will help you realize your explosive potential, improve concentration, hone your decision making skills and overcome fears that come in the way of achieving your targets. The author shares her analyses of the human mind and points to the road that promises success. You will learn to use self-hypnotism and train the mind to set goals that will make your life meaningful and find that concentration and meditation are the keys to a useful life. This book will help you accept yourself unhesitatingly and define your own parameters of success. Read it to live a fearless existence that will prove to be an example to all around you.	2006	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179926758	Life And Living: Perspectives To Ponder	Satpal S Lakhmana		Life Is Worth Living When You Know What Life Is About And How To Live It.This Book Is Not A Collection Of Quotable Quotes But A Bouquet Of The Author S Diverse Observations, Personal Experiences And Cogitation Over A Lifetime.It Is A Comprehensive Collection Of Thoughts On The Varied Constituents Of Life. They Reveal A Quest For Truth To Live A Meaningful Life.This Book Will Help You To Develop A Keener Insight Into The Forces That Govern Day-To-Day Facets Of Life And To Possess A Positive Perspective.	2007-01-12	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179926864	You Are The Answer	Michael J Tamura		An Inspirational Guide To Spiritual Awareness And Living In Truth With Love And CompassionWritten in a magical story-telling style that captures the very essence of Divine wisdom, You Are The Answer is author Michael Tamura s inspiring first book dedicated to the spiritual empowerment of all human beings. Through a masterful blend of real-life stories and sacred teachings, you are guided on a journey of self-awareness and growth as powerful spiritual practices are identified and explained, many for the first time ever in our modern-day world. For all those longing for a deeper connection to their purpose and for all souls yearning to be free, this is the information you have been waiting for the ultimate guide to living in truth within this new era of enlightenment.	2007-01-10	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179927038	Money Is My Friend For The New Millennium	Phil Laut		Attracting and receiving money doesn t have to be a struggle! Once again Phil Laut shares with you tried and true methods for ending your love / hate, tug / pull relationship with money. This New Millennium Edition is co-authored by Jeffery Combs and Lisa Kitter, two individuals who overcame their money limitations to create true prosperity. The issues that confound your progress are more easily cured than endured with the methods in this book.Money Is My Friend For The New Millennium gives you sound advise about money, careers, earning, spending, saving and investing which makes sense and is user friendly in any language. More than 400,000 copies of the original book have been sold, including seventeen foreign language editions.	2007-01-03	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179927045	Margin of terror,a reporter's 20-year odyssey covering the tragedies of the Air India bombing	Salim Jiwa&Donald J. Hauka		A Riveting Investigation Into The Bomblast That Killed 329 People On Air India Flight 182More than twenty years ago the victims families, friends, and loved ones were promised justice. After the longest and costliest criminal investigation and trial in Canadian history, they are still waiting. What went wrong? In a riveting insider s account, investigative reporter Salim Jiwa explored the complex underworld of the accused terrorists from their obscure beginnings in Vancouver all the way through the criminal investigations to the trial that ended in a verdict that shocked the country: not guilty. With insider access to the Sikh community, law enforcement and Indian government spies at the time, Jiwa explains in riveting eyewitness detail how the plot originated and unfolded, and who was responsible for both masterminding and carrying out the bombings.	2007	Jaico Pub. House in arangement with Key Porter Books						ZZZ000000
9788179927342	Big Ideas For Small Retailers	John Castell		This unusual book is written for people engaged in, or who plan to be involved in retailing, and encompasses a broad range of issues examined as through the objective but critical eye of a retailer.The book will be a source of inspiration to retailers particularly those in small to medium sized outfits as it offers a number of quick-fix ideas combined with some genuine money-saving tips. There are no back-to-school pages of flowcharts and complex equations, no legal jargon or unnecessary padding, and no patronising advice.Major topics covered include the company image, finance, buying stock, EPOS systems, trade associations, winning customers, market intelligence, competitors, background music, store security, returns policy, sales staff, the psychology of selling, using the internet, e-commerce sites, empty stores and much more.The book contains a great deal of information that is not readily or usually available to retailers in this fashion, being based on the author s extensive experiences and knowledge derived from working in both retailing and banking.		Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249557	Selected Stories from Gujarat	Transelated By Sarla Jagmohan		If we are to have national integrity we must understand each other, and if people are to understand each other they must understand each other s cultural background. One of the most important means of understanding is to know each other s literature. Se	2002	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179928080	Corporate Catalysts	Dan Coughlin		Corporate catalysts are tremendous influencers and effective managers. They produce results in their organization s most important business outcomes through boring consistency and constant innovation, through common sense and strong character, and through building relationships while avoiding corporate fallacies. They strengthen their income security, gain leadership of important projects, become more coveted by their employers and the competition, and attract better career opportunities.This book is for people who want to play the role of the catalyst in an organization. Corporate Catalysts explains what separates the highly successful executives from the mediocre ones. It shows how common sense can generate uncommon results, and how a lack of common sense can destroy momentum.		Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179928172	Conversations With God:	Neale Donald Walsch		the dialogue continues...The Conversations With God series of books are among the most profound ever written. They have sold millions of copies in over two dozen languages around the world. For those who seek to explore the nature of God, the universe, and our own existence, here are the questions that we all want to ask ... and here are answers that not only make sense, but also speak directly to the heart with knowledge and observation that ring true, written so simply and beautifully that it takes the breath away.In the introduction to Conversations With God, Book 1, the first book of the trilogy, Neale Donald Walsch was told that Book 2 would deal with more global topics of geopolitical and metaphysical life on the planet, and the challenges now facing the world. But there is much more in this book more about God, about life and death, relationships, good and evil, money, and spirituality.		Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172248291	The importance of living	Yutang Lin		The Importance of Living is the only book perhaps that distils the very essence of Chinese Philosphy, and at the same time it relates to the needs of the modern world. There are epigrams and flashes of wit on nearly every page, and the whole book is sheer delight. Failing to read such a book would be missing one of the best bedside book that has appeared in years. It's not only a very charming book and its wisdom is equal to its charm, but it welcome s pleasures like flower on every page because it reinforces the spirit of tolerance and reaffirms the value of human dignity and freedom, which is the very essence and style in Lin Yutang's writing.	2005-05-30	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172242831	Hints For Self Culture	Lala Har Dayal		Man S Personality Needs Growth And Development In Its Four Different Aspects Namely: Intellectual, Physical, Aesthetic And Ethical. Through These Four Facets Of Life, The Author Disseminates The Message Of Rationalism For The Young Men And Women Of All Countries. These Short Hints On Self-Culture Addresses You To Make Best Use Of Your Life And Helps You To Build Your Personality As A Free And Cultured Citizen.	1977-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184950151	Training & Development: Theory & Practice	Steve Truelove		Training & Development: Theory & Practice deals with the fundamental processes and principles to be followed by all trainers, especially those newly appointed, to do justice to their role. Through detailed explanations of selected theories, models and techniques, this easily accessible text is suitable for students, as well as for the training practitioners learning on the job.Assuming no prior knowledge, the text combines a range of activities, learning objectives and anecdotes with basic theory, to offer a clear and accessible view of the training field.Key Features A number of Activities has been included at the end of each chapter for better understanding of concepts introduced in the text, or the application of techniques and development of skills Revised and enlarged to reflect some of the recent developments in training Separate chapter on psychometrics included A number of theories and academic models described in the text	2009	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184950311	The Greatest Short Stories Of Leo Tolstoy	Tolstoy		The Russian novelist and moral philosopher Leo Tolstoy (1828-1910) ranks as one of the world s great writers, and his War and Peace has been called the greatest novel ever written. The purpose of all true creative art, he believed, is to teach. But the message in all his stories is presented with such humour that the reader hardly realises that it is strongly didactic.The seven parts into which this book is divided include the best known Tolstoy stories. God Sees the Truth, but Waits and A Prisoner in the Caucasus which Tolstoy himself considered as his best; How Much Land Does a Man Need? depicting the greed of a peasant for land; the most brilliantly told parable, Ivan the Fool these are all contained in this volume.	2009	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184950335	Introduction To Business Research Methods	S. Shajahan		Introduction To Business Research Methods discusses a new philosophy in corporate research one that has the potential to radically transform the company that adopts the principles and practices it advocates. This research philosophy requires a lot of fundamental changes, such as the way in which the company has conducted its business till date and it must be ready to change the product and services according to what customers want, rather than what the company has been offering. The book delves into the background of current practices of business research, the relevance of corporate research in the modern business scenario. Key Features Substantial coverage of various forms of univariate and multivariate analysis, research designs, testing of hypothesis and Internet-based services Coverage of research issues/Internet applications throughout the book	2009	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172241216	Autobiography of a Yogi	Paramhansa Yogananda		Incl. illust.	1998-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184950342	Mergers And Acquisitions: An Hr Perspective	Sue Cartwright & Cary Cooper		The number of mergers and acquisitions has trebled in the last 10 years. But how much is really understood about the process of mergers and acquisitions, and in particular about its effects on and implications for people? As a manager of people, what are the issues you should understand and address?There is little real understanding of the human dimensions before, during and after the acquisition, joint venture or strategic alliance. This groundbreaking book offers the line manager and the HR professional practical guidance on the people issues involved in the process before the merger, during implementation and throughout the period of consolidation. Mergers And Acquisitions: An HR Perspective includes: HRM: the forgotten factor in M&As Influencing the decision to merger Establishing effective communications Handling job insecurity, pay and benefits Support systems and counselling	2009	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184950366	Pricing Strategies	Andrew Gregson		Business owners are frequently faced with challenging pricing dilemmas. Should you jack up your prices in one big jump, or frequently in smaller increments? If you raise prices, will you make more money, or will you lose money because customers will go elsewhere? Pricing can make or break a small business.There is no one-size-fits-all pricing strategy, so business owners need to consider all the options. Loaded with illustrative examples, Pricing Strategies explains many strategies in detail and offers step-by-step options for your type of business. Whether you re an experienced business owner or a beginner, contractor or retailer, this book offers different approaches to pricing your product or service to help you maximize your profits and keep your business going strong. This book is written in an easy-to-understand manner. It shows you how to choose the right prices for your products and services step by step, and covers the following topics:" Psychological pricing " Price skimming " Penetration pricing " Cost plus markup " Multiple unit pricing	2009	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184950403	Nanostructured Materials	Carl C. Koch		Nanostructure science and technology has become an identifiable, if very broad and multidisciplinary, field of research and emerging application in recent years. It is one of the most visible and growing research areas in materials science in its broadest sense. Nanostructured materials include atomic clusters, layered (lamellar) films, filamentary structures, and bulk nanostructured materials. The common thread to these materials is the nanoscale dimensionality, i.e. at least one dimension less than 100 nm, more typically less than 50 nm. In some cases, the physics of such nanoscale materials can be very different from the macroscale properties of the same substance. The different, often superior, properties that can occur is the driving force behind the explosion in research interest in these materials. With the recent intense interest in this broad field, a number of books, articles and conferences have been published. The justification for yet another book is twofold. First, the speed of developments makes it necessary to record another snapshot of the field. Second, this book narrows the field into the study of synthesis, characterization, and properties relevant to applications that require bulk, and mainly inorganic materials.	2009	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172242206	Speaker S Encyclopaedia Of Humour	Jacob M. Braude		World S Biggest Collection Of Jokes& This Giant New Anthology Of Humour From The Collection Of Judge Braude Is A Gold-Mine Of Material For Every Situation. Assembled Here Are Nearly 3000 Jewels, Including 1587 Anecdotes, Stories And Jokes, 1080 Comic Definitions And 272 Humorous Toasts. Ranging On Gamut Of Topics From Absentmindedness To Youth, This Big Volume Covers Every Type Of Humour Bringing Into Sharp Relief The Funny Side Of Just About Everything Under The Sun. You Can Delve Into This Book To Spice Your Speeches At Business Meetings, Conventions, Political Rallies, Staff Dinners, Graduation Ceremonies And Many Other Events.	1963-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184950755	The Caravan Of White Gold	Michael Benanav		A 1,6OO km odyssey through the Sahara desertDriven to get a glimpse of an ancient way of life before it disappeared from the planet forever, author Michael Benanav embarked on a 1600 kilometer odyssey by foot and by camel, through a swath of the Sahara Desert so deadly it s called The Land of Terror by the nomads who cross it. Joining up with the caravan of white gold one of the last working camel caravans in the world Benanav followed an age-old trade route, transporting gleaming slabs of solid rock salt from mines deep in the desert to the market in Timbuktu. Once literally worth its weight in gold, which gives the caravan its name, the salt today is worth just pennies a pound, but men still risk their lives to haul it and sell it. Benanav lived for weeks among the camel drivers as they traveled eighteen hours a day for nearly six weeks, through sandstorms and searing heat. Along the way, he learned how to care for and ride camels, became a medic to injured salt miners, encountered an Islamic culture in which men not women veil their faces, and grappled with the dilemmas of cultural extinction created by the ever-spreading impact of globalization.	2010	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184950847	Speeches That Changed The World (With Cd) (Speeches That Shaped The Modern World)	Alan J. Whiticker		Also Includes Free Audio CD GREAT SPEECHES OF THE WORLDSpeeches that Changed the World is a collection of the most important speeches given since the year 1900. There are speeches about power and about equality. There are speeches of hate and those of hope, of compassion and sorrow, politics and diplomacy, war and peace, freedom and justice. What they have in common is the rhetoric the power of persuasion.These speeches carry the hopes and regrets of our modern world, and become even more powerful and poignant with the passage of time.	2010	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184951004	The Age Of Napoleon	Susan P. Conner		About the Book :  In war there is only one favorable moment. The greatest talent is to know it. NapoleonHegel called him an idea on horseback, a description that suggests Napoleon Bonaparte's complexity, as well as the extent to which he changed France, Europe, and the world. Napoleon has been called a visionary, a pragmatist, a cynical opportunist, an ogre, and a demigod. Here, he is described in his own words and the words of his contemporaries: from his clannishness to his knack for being at the right place at the right time, and from his genius to his obsession with detail. Napoleon brought order out of the chaos of the French Revolution, pressed for revolutionary equality of opportunity, and planned a European union. In the process, he knew peace for only 14 months of his 15-year reign, marched his armies from Lisbon to Moscow, and caused the deaths of millions. A detailed timeline, maps, illustrations, biographical sketches, and primary documents help you get a feel for the brief but enduring Age of Napoleon.	2010	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184951011	The Four Seasons Of Marriage (With Cd)	Gary Chapman		Includes FREE audiobook read by the authorSpring, Summer, Winter, FallMarriages are in a perpetual state of transition, continually moving from one season to another perhaps not annually, as in nature, but just as certainly and consistently. Sometimes we find ourselves in winter: distant, discouraged and dissatisfied; other times, we experience springtime: a time of hope, filled with openness and anticipation. On other occasions, we bask in the warmth of summer: satisfied and comfortable, simply enjoying life together. And, in times of fall, negligence and uncertainty creep in, leaving us feeling unsettled and apprehensive.The cycle repeats itself many times throughout the life of a marriage, just as the seasons repeat themselves in nature. Each season presents its own unique challenges, and each holds the potential for emotional health and happiness. The purpose of this book is to help you and your spouse identify which season you are currently in, give you a common language with which to discuss it, and provide practical strategies that will help you strengthen and enhance your marriage.	2010	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172240943	Sex In Marriage	Miller & Baruch		This Book Presents Sex As A Valid And Living Entity Which Lasts As Long As Life Itself. It Informs Us That Sex In Marriage Is More Than A Matter Of Two Bodies Merging. It Is, Rather The Expression Of Two People Coming Together To Leave Seperateness Behind And To Feel Themselves As One. It Helps You Know More Profoundly That Sex Is Not Just A Word But A Living Reality Which Can Make A Marriage Whole As Years Advance. It Discusses Emotional Needs That Are Essential To Built Solid Bridges Between Partners, And Provides Sexual Techniques That Will Help Us Develop A Healthy Marriage.	1964-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184951080	Three Feet From Gold	Sharon Lechter & Greg Reid		DON T QUIT! YOU ARE JUST THREE FEET FROM GOLD!This remarkable business allegory tells a fascinating story, presents key principles of Napoleon Hill s revolutionary bestseller Think and Grow Rich, and offers a formula and workbook section for achieving success in life. While you follow a struggling young entrepreneur through a life-changing series of encounters with some of today s foremost business leaders and inspirational figures, you ll find encouragement and motivation to believe in yourself, and discover your own Personal Success Equation.	2010	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184951158	Strategic Management	Saroj Datta		This book provides a discussion on basic concepts of strategic management, along with the determination of corporate vision and mission. It discusses how to analyze the environment with emphasis on the industries and the organization itself. It describes the evaluation criteria of various strategic alternatives available to an organization and the processes of strategic implementation, with proper monitoring and control techniques. The book also discusses the current issues in this context along with case studies and examples.Key Features Concise and lucid presentation of theory, along with case studies and real world examples Practical assignments at the end of each chapter	2010	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184951219	101 Ways To Score Higher On Your Gmat	Arlene Connolly		Learn how to improve your GMAT score so that you are not a repeat tester. Each year, more than 200,000 people take the GMAT, and 21 percent of those people have taken the exam previously. With the help of 101 Ways to Score Higher on Your GMAT, you will able to pass your test with ease.The GMAT is used to assess the qualifications of business school candidates. The best business schools in the United States look for scores in the upper 600s to the low 700s, with 800 being the highest score possible.This book is filled with practice questions, so you know exactly what to expect when you take the test. You also will learn how to read the questions and approach each section of the test correctly, and how to control your anxiety.Don t worry or panic about the GMAT. Instead, read the tips in this book so you can be confident in your test-taking abilities. Whether you are taking the test for the first time or are a repeat tester, you will learn valuable information and practical tips for improving your score.	2010	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788184951363	Companion Of God	Dadi Janki		About the Book : Dadi Janki's wisdom, gathered from a lifetime of learning, is a powerful beacon directing our spiritual growth during a time of great uncertainty. In this book she takes us on an inspirational journey, offering advice as we take the first steps on the spiritual path, helping us overcome common obstacles such as lack of tolerance or self-doubt, and finally revealing the great benefits of connecting with God. Dadi Janki tells us, The life of every human being can make a difference. In this book she shows us how to start making a difference in our own lives and the lives of others.	2010	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172244484	Speaker S Handbook Of Humour	Droke		This Handbook of Humour brings to you the best jokes on various subjects that include,'the Marriage and the Home','That s a woman for you', 'the Business World', 'Psychology', 'Philosophy', 'Contentment' and much more. It contains more than 1500 of the au	1964-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172241612	Quips, Quotes And Anecdotes	Jacob M. Braude		Quips, Quotes And Anecdotes Is A Desk Book Of Jokes,Quotes, Verses, Stories, Toasts, Definitions And Anecdotes All Audience Tested By Judge Braude Himself - America S Mr. Public Speaking! You Will Want To Keep This Handy Volume Right On Your Desk For Quick Reference. Any Time You Need A Funny Story, An Apt Quotation Or A Relevant Proverb, Just Flip Through This Desk Book And Find A Wealth Of Succinct Items Ready For Use!	1965-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172247027	Act Your Way To Successful Living	Neil & Rau		Now An Entirely New Kind Of Self-Help Guide! Take These Proven Methods, Techniques And Ideas From Drama Experts And Hollywood Stars And Use Them To Create A More Dynamic You. Discover How You Can Act Your Part In Life Positively And Confidently. Learn How 5 Magic Keys Can Work In Your Life, Helping You To Develop A Sense Of Awareness, Feeling And Imagination. See How The Force Of Psychodrama Will Bring Out The Vibrancy And Power That Lies Dormant Within You.	1998-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249540	Modern Goan Short Stories	Edited By Luis S. R. Vaz		This Book Of Representative Short Stories Which Would Tell Something Worthwhile About Goa And Goans A Kind Of Bio-Graphy Of The Goan Heart , To Borrow A Particularly Happy Phrase From Prof. After Reading These Stories The Reader May Feel That The Short Story Has Future In Goa.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172241513	Magic For Beginners	Harry Baron		Magic For Beginners Is Written By A Practicing Magician Known In Professional Magic Circles Throughout The World. It Is Profusely Illustrated With Over A Hundred Specially Drawn Diagrams. The Tricks Described In This Book Are Quite Simple To Perform And Require Precios Little Skills, Yet Their Final Effect Is To Mystify And Astound The Audience. They Do Not Call For Any Special Apparatus And Can Be Performed With What Is Readily Available In The House.	1989-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172245009	Card Tricks For Beginners	Harry Baron		Do You Want To Learn How To Do Those Wonderful Things Expert Conjurers Do With Ordinary Playing Cards? If You Wish To, This Book Will Help You Pursue This Fascinating Hobby. It Is A Book For Those Magical Enthusiasts Who Enjoy The Sensation Arising From The Ability To Entertain. The Tricks Included In This Compact Collection Of Card Magic Are Easy To Perform. They Are Simply Explained In Simple Steps And Amply Illustrated. It Is A Basic Reading For Aspiring Magical Entertainers.	1980-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172240875	Handbook Of Humour For Speakers	Maxwell Droke		Reporters Visiting A Certain Senatorial Office Were Startled When The Gentleman Burst Out Of His Inner Sanctum To Demand Of His Secretaries : Where S That List Of People I Call By Their First Names? The Fisherman Had Hard Luck And On His Way Home He Entered A Fish Store And Said To The Dealer : Just Stand Where You Are And Throw Me Five Out Of The Biggest Fish You Have In The Place. But Why Throw Em? Asked The Dealer In Amazement. So I Can Tell My Family I Caught Them, Replied The Fisherman. I May Be A Poor Fisherman, But I Am No Liar. A Hollywood Producer Suggested To His Secretary That She Accompany Him To Palm Springs For A Weekend Trip. Listen She Snapped, I May Be Your Type Writer, But I Am Not Portable. These Few Are Extracted From The Handbook Of Humour For Speakers.	1989-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172243623	Handbook of English usage,for editors, writers & executives	E. R. Ram Kumar		Handbook Of English Usage Is The Result Of Ram Kumar S 30 Years Experience In Editing And Reporting And Also His Abiding Interest And Deep Study Of The Subject. This Is A Reference Book On The Correct Use Of The English Language Which Will Prove Useful Not Only To Those Whose Profession Demands A Command Over The Language (Like Journalists And Writers) But Also To Those Who Use English As A Medium Of Correspondence. The Book Will Help Them Construct Simple, Straightforward And Grammatically Flawless Sentences, With The Use Of Punctuation Marks At The Right Places.	1987-01-01	Jaico Pub. House						ZZZ000000
9788172241438	South Indian Tiffin,120 Varieties of Idlis, Dosas, Sambar and Chutney	Vijaya Hiremath		Idlis and dosas are fantastic snacks delicious, nutritious, filling and inexpensive. These snacks have caught the imagination of not only Indians but also people of the Eastern and Western countries. South Indian Tiffin which contains about 130 interest	1999-10	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172241667	The Art Of Relaxation	Herman S. Schwartz		Whether you are fidgeting or well composed, high strung or lethargic, happy or gloomy, busy or retired, you need to rid yourself of your imbedded nerve tensions. Relaxation is the key to physical ease, mental peace and spiritual tranquility in these tense	1992-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172241360	How To Write Love Letters & Love Poems	Ara John Movsesian		The Expression Of One S Love For Another Is As Old As Human Existence. Today Love Letters Have Been Replaced By The Latest Means Of Communications And Consequently Many Of Us Have Lost Or Failed To Develop Our Ability To Competently Write Letters Especially Love Letters. How To Write Love Letters And Love Poems Will Help You Express Yourself When The Words Are Hard To Find. It Is A Complete Guide Which Will Help You Say I Love You In A Very Special And Unforgettable Way.	1993-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172243470	Personal Letters For Business People	Mary Bosticco		This Book Is A Boon To Business People. It Offers Help To Improve The Quality Of Routine Business Correspondence And To Reduce The Time Spent In Dictating It. It Contains Over 900 Specimen Letters For All Occasions. In The Main Part Of The Text Are Most Of The Standard Letters The Typical Business Person Needs To Write, Arranged Under Subject Headings. The Letters Are Divided Into Opening Paragraphs, Main Paragraphs And Closing Paragraphs For The User To Mix And Match . The Book Also Includes Much Useful Advice On The Design, Layout And Presentation Of Business Letters And On Matters Of Style And Language.	1994-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172243647	How To Maintain Your Body In Health & Sickness	Dr. P.S. Shankar		Our Body Can Be Compared To A Machine Which Has Different Parts And Performs Specific Functions. Ordinarily We Tend To Take Its Working For Granted And Thus Let Ourselves Be Victims Of Minor Ailments And Major Diseases. This Book Is A Serious Attempt To Help Us Get Over This Ignorance And Shows Us The Functioning Of Our Body In A Healthy State, Under Stress And Pain And When Attacked By Disease. It Will Go A Long Way In Motivating Us To Seek Good Health And Mental Well-Being.	1982-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172243975	Effective Pr Management	Paul Winner		Public Relation Has A Crucial Role To Play In The Business System. The Survival And Effectiveness Of Any Organization Depend On The Relationship It Establishes With Its Public . Effective Pr Management Analyzes The Role Of Pr And Its Importance As An Integral Part Of The Overall Business Plan. Drawing On A Wealth Of Experience Of Numerous Pr Practitioners, This Book Covers Both Internal And External Operations And Provides Original Techniques For Evaluating And Improving Pr Management. It Presents Real Case Studies That Examine Common Problems And Effective Solutions, Discusses Crisis Situations And The Role Of Pr In Dealing Effectively With Them.	1995	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172244255	New Palmistry: How to Read the Whole Hand and Knuckles	Judith Hipskind		Ten years ago professional palmist Judith Hipskind made a shocking discovery. On the back of a client's hand, & in the knuckles specifically, she saw lines & symbols that revealed as much-if not more-than the palm lines she had studied for some 15 years. Over the next decade, Hipskind researched the knuckles & received verification from hundreds of surprised & satisfied clients on the remarkable accuracy of her amazing new system.In this groundbreaking book, Hipskind shares her discoveries so you, too, can easily read the secrets in the whole hand. We all know our future, & the subconscious mind records its information through the nerve supply to the knuckles. Your own hands contain incredibly clear answers to your questions about the immediate future of your career, finances, relationships & health. Learn about the people in your life-significant others, your boss or the person in the office next to you. Discover whether or not there will be difficulties ahead that can be worked out with advance warning, & find out whether your current efforts are leading to success.	1995-12-01	Jaico Publishing House						OCC017000
9788172244507	General & Social Letter Writing	A.G. Elliot		General And Social Letter Writing Concentrates On The Writing Of Personal Letters. The Book Contains Much Sound Advice About Writing Materials, Styles, Layouts, Opening And Closing And The Etiquette Of Letter Writing. It Gives Advice On How To Write The More Difficult Types Of Letter, Such As A Letter Expressing Sympathy Or Condolence. There Are Examples Of These, As Well As Other Tricky Letters, Including Letters Of Complaints, Letters To Neighbours Concerning Disputes, Love Letters And Job Application Letters.	1995-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172244521	Card Games Properly Explained	Arnold Marks		Some People Are Brilliant Natural Card Players, They Learnt At Their Mother S Knee, But They Cannot Explain. With This Book Anyone Can Develop Such Card Sense Step-By-Step With Relentless Clarity. He Exposes The Winning Strategies Which Must Underpin Consistent Play Of The Right Card At The Right Moment. Building Around The Basic Rules Of Each Game Properly Explained, He Challenges And Subtly Induces You To Think For Yourself To Understand, To Reason Out The Best Card To Play.	1995-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172244569	Positive Selling	Richard Moss		Whether You Are Selling Over The Counter, Or To The General Public Or Out Of A Hatch Back To The Trade, Or Learning A Sales Pitch. Positive Selling Will Help You Achieve The Level Of Success That You Desire. The Book Describes Concepts Of Selling Through Human Characteristics Like Emotions, Wants, Reasons Etc. The Author Provides Instances And Illustrations To Give A Better Picture Of Selling Philosophy And Selling Skills Emphasizing That Self Improvement And Self Confidence Are Key Concepts Towards Persuasion.	1995-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172244590	The Home Medical Encyclopedia	Diocles		Diocles Represents A Team Of Doctors Who Have Combined To Keep This Standard Work Fully Up-To-Date And Abreast Of The Latest Medical Developments. This Medical Encyclopaedia Is Written In A Friendly, Optimistic Way And Gives Valuable Advice To Anyone With An Illness In The Home, Or Who Wants To Understand More About Any Medical Condition. The Illnesses, Conditions And Medical Terms Appear In An A To Z Sequence For Simple Reference.	1995-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172244620	Magic For All The Family	G.F. Lamb		This Book Teaches You How To Entertain Your Friends With Simple Tricks And Mysteries Which Don T Need Hours Of Laborious Practice Or Great Manual Dexterity. They Are Suitable For Any Aspiring Magician Aged Nine To Ninety. The Tricks Involve Ordinary Articles Such As Coins, Cards, Matches, Pencil And Paper No Elaborate Apparatus Is Required. To Perform Tricks Successfully, Confidence Is All That Is Required. Learn How To Gain It Through The Secrets Of Presentation Which Distinguishes The Accomplished Conjuror. Hold Your Audience Yes And Hold It Spellbound.	1995-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172244637	Begin Bridge	G.C.H Cox		Begin Bridge delves into the heart of each skill that the beginner needs and explains each difficulty with relentless clarity. Designed principally for the social player at home, it also provides the foundation stone for those aiming one day to reach the	1995-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172244682	The Right Way To Conduct Meetings, Conference & Discussions	Taylor & Mears		This book is for the chairmen of voluntary organisations, and for all those who want to understand procedure in Councils, debating etc. This book explains the pivotal role of the chairman in getting the business completed quickly, efficiently and without	1995-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172244712	The Practical Quiz Book	Barton		This Quiz Book Is Full Of Questions Which Test The Reader S Practical, Everyday Knowledge. Hence This Book Is Completely Different From All Other Quiz Books. Whether You Are A Quiz Organiser, A Regular Contestant In Quiz Competitions, Or Just Someone Who Enjoys Acquiring New Information, You Will Find This Book Fascinating.	1996-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172244736	Handbook Of Herbs	Margot Mcleod		One Of The Attractions Of Growing Herbs Is Their Undemanding Nature And The Widely Varying Uses To Which They Can Be Put. Herbs Are Attractive To Look At, Useful In Cooking, Beneficial To Health And Have Fragrant Foliage. This Book Provides Practical Guidance On The Growth And Uses Of Herbs. A Chapter Is Devoted To Each Important Herb That Deals With Their History, Growing Hints, Special Uses And One Or Two Splendid Recipes. Tea And Wine From Herbs Are Included And A Chapter On Spices. Important Features Of This Book Are The Herb Growing Calender And The Herb Chart.	1995-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921616	Tax Planning For Salaried Employees (Revised & Updated)	Raghu R. Palat		Tax Planning For Salaried Employees has been a bestseller since it was published for the first time in 1985. It has been hailed as a masterpiece and a must for salaried employees by leading newspapers and magazines. This completely revised 15th editio	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172244958	S.T.E.P.S. For Success	Gordon Wainwright		This Practical Handbook For Busy People Is A Unique Self Training Book That Offers Both A Guide To Effective Techniques Of Self Training In Any Skill And Twelve Training Modules In Essential Personal Skills. It Takes You Step By Step Through A Systematic Approach To Skill Development Like Convergent Thinking, Presentation Skill, Body Language, Managing People, Time Management Etc.	1995-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172245023	Yoga for Every Athlete,Secrets of an Olympic Coach	Aladar Kogler		This Book Offers A Holistic Training Approach For Athletes, Unifying Body And Mind Through Yoga. Many Exercises And Techniques Derived From Yoga Are Presented As A Way Of Achieving Greater Synthesis Of Body And Mind With Increased Ability For Rejuvenating The Body. These Exercises Will Help To Advance Your Performance In Different Sports. In As Little As Ten Minutes A Day, You Can Experience A State Of Well Being And Mastery You Never Imagined.	2000-02-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172245436	The Family Fun Quiz Book & Teasers	Angela M. Cockerill		A Book For The Whole Family! The Family Fun Quiz Book Includes Specially Graded Questions To Make It Ideal For Use In The Home. Featuring A Consistent Standard Of Difficulty, The Book Ranges Through Scores Of Different Subjects With The Emphasis On Single Word Answers. The Book Can Be Used In Any Kind Of Quick Competition Or League And Is Certain To Give Hours Of Fun And Pleasure.	1996-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172245641	Apt & Amusing Quotations	G.F. Lamb		There Are Many Kinds Of Humour And This Fact Is Reflected In This Book Of Quotations. Some May Make You Smile And Chuckle And A Different Sort Will Tickle Your Minds. Quotations Have Been Drawn From A Wide Variety Of Sources. Many Come From Well-Known Humourists, But Not All Are Comical. Some Have Been Included Because They Offer Apt Or Pungent Comment On A Given Topic. Designed Partly To Be Useful To Public Speakers. Apt And Amusing Quotations Also Caters To The General Reader, Since A Suitable Quotation Has Often Helped An After-Dinner Oration On Its Way.	1997-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172245696	Sample Social Speeches	Gordon William		This Ready-To-Use Technique Is Based On Numerous Specimen Speeches. Half Of These Are For Family Occasions, And The Sections On Weddings Include A Choice Of Speeches Doe Bride S Father, Bridegroom And Best Man.The Book Is Constructed In Such A Way As To Enable You To Build Up Your Own Social Speech For Any Occasion. And You Can Add To It With Funny Or Serious Stories From The Collection Of 370 Stories, Epigrams And Anecdotes. With The Help Od This Book, Anyone Can Make A Truly Memorable Social Speech.	1996-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172245900	Sufi path to seeking wisdom	Stuart Litvak		Sufism Is A Rich Mystical Tradition That Promotes An Experience Of Life Through Dealing With Life And Human Relations. A Sufi Is The Personification Of Complete Inner Development And Is In This Sense Invisible To Non-Sufis. His True Attainment Begins With The Most Profoundly Mundane Kind Of Self Knowledge. Sufism Will Help Readers To First Monitor Their Inner Impulses And Seek Outside Information From Appropriate Sources. The Book Affirms That A Living Form Of Sufism Is Extant, Moving With A Current Of Culture And Human Destiny.	1997-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172245962	A Heart Attack Can Save Your Life	Joseph W. Mason		The complete guide on how to lose weight and reduce your risk of heart attack and cancer without dieting.Discover how you can help yourself to:* Lower cholesterol* Lower blood pressure* Lose weight and keep it off* Save money over diet programs* Pro	1997-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172245979	The Team Quiz Book	Cornish		Everyone loves a quiz but not everyone has the confidence to face the questions alone. Dave Cornish in his book The Team Quiz Book has compiled questions specifically to be answered by teams. Five types of rounds are included straight questions, table que	1997-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246006	Reiki In Everyday Living	Earlene F. Gleisner		Code: JCO-SIONDescription: REIKI in Everyday Life is a collection of 14 essays and 4 poems written by Earlene Gleisner, RN and REIKI Master, in which she: Describes REIKI and how the Usui System as well as other hands-on systems can create personal growth and spiritual development Offers a method of attaining personal clarity that can be used with or without REIKI Discusses the layers of personal decisions that can create disease and can also create healing	1997-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246013	Fitness For Life	Bharat Savur		Fitness For Life Is A Fascinating Explorative Journey Into The Self. The Authors With Their Own Exhilarating Experiences Motivate You Into The Fitness Lifestyle. The Crisp, Clean Directions Stimulate You To Cross Every Milestone, Demolish Myths And Tune You Into Your Mental Dynamics. Chapter After Chapter Unfolds Your Inner Potential, Reshapes Your Perceptions And Awakens You To Your Dormant Powers. Always Inspiring, Extremely Motivating And Awesomely Effective, The Book Revolutionizes Your Outlook With Its Holistic Approach And Is A Truly Valuable Guide Blending Scientific Facts And Eternal Truths With Practical Tips.	1998-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246310	Secrets Of The Corporate Jungle	Shirley Peddy		Whether You Are Part Of A Hospital, Business, Charity, Educational Or Military Organization, There Are Secrets You Need To Know. Learn How To Find A Mentor And Who To Pick; How To Transform The Job You Have Into The One You Want; New Ways To Think About Work That Will Make You More Successful. Secrets Of The Corporate Jungle Is A Valuable And Absorbing Guide To Personal Success In The Organisation.	1997-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246389	The Right Way To Draw People	Mark Linley		Here Is A Book Which Proves That Anyone Can Draw. It Will Get You Speedy Results And Make Drawing People Fun! First You Map The Outlines For The Complete Form: The Shape Of The Head, The Body, The Arms, All Flow Into It. Then You Advance In Easy-To-Follow Steps That Bring All The Features Alive. Within Moments Of Opening This Book You Will Be Drawing People And Amazing Yourself And Friends With Your Success!	1997-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246785	Live And Work In The Gulf	Atiyyah		Are You Planning To Stay, Or Take Up A Job In Any Of The Gulf Countries. Whatever Are Your Plans, This Book Packed With Expert Information And Advice For Expats, New To The Region Gives Practical Overview Of The Gulf Arab States. It Provides Basic Information On Job Opportunities, Work Climate, The Behaviour And Attitude Of Gulf Nationals As Well As Insight On The Customs, Tradition And Social Life Of The People.This Expert Guide Will Ensure You A Happy And Productive Stay.	2000-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246846	Do Successful Mail Order Marketing	Ian Bruce		Mail Order Marketing Is Fast Becoming One Of The Most Popular And Effective Way Of Selling Goods And Services To The Public. This Ground Breaking Manual Shows You How To Start Your Own Mail Order Operation With A Minimum Of Capital And Build It Into A Highly Profitable Business Within Months. It Contains Scores Of Techniques And Strategies Which Have Been Closely Guarded Secrets. It Is A Book Which Can Give You The Financial Independence And Security You Need In Today'S World.	1999-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246860	Employ And Manage Staff	Wyatt		Ideal For Quick Reference, This Easy To Use Handbook Provides A Readymade Framework Of Modern Employment Practice From Recruitment Onwards. It Provides A Clear Account Of How To Apply The Health And Safety At Work Regulations, How To Handle Record Keeping, Staff Development And Similar Matters For The Benefit Of The Organisation And Its Employees. The Book Includes A Range Of Model Forms, Letters, Notices And Similar Documents.	1999-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246884	Do Your Own Pr	Ian Phillipson		Public Relations Is One Of The Best Ways Of Promoting Any Organisation, Business Or Event. But Often It Is Seen As Being Manipulative, Underhand, Dishonest And The Preserve Of Corrupt Big Businessmen And Roguish Politicians. Here Is A Practical Step-By-Step Guide To Doing Your Own Public Relation. It Shows You How To Recognise And Create Stories That Interest The Media, How To Write And Lay Out Press Releases, How To Be Interviewed By The Press As Well As Providing You With A Bank Of Ideas For Successful Public Relation Stories. Go For It And Get The Right Publicity For Your Organisation.	1998-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246891	Start Word Processing	Ian Phillipson		In The Modern World An Ability To Word Process Is A Valuable And Essential Skill. It Opens Up New Career Opportunities, Allows You To Do Your Job Better, And To Complete All Kinds Of Written Assignments So Much More Quickly And Effectively. Even If You Know Little Or Nothing About Modern Technology, This Book Will Help You, Because It Deals With Basic Principles. It Is An Ideal Starting Point For Anyone Who Wants To Know A Particular Type Of Word Processor And Will Help You To Design And Print Out Simple Letters & Documents, Produce Mailshots And Explore Desktop Publishing.	1998-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246907	Counsel People At Work	Humphries		This Book Tells You How To Use Modern Counselling Techniques In The Workplace. It Discusses The Ideas And Aims Of Counselling, The Role Of The Counsellor, Types Of Counselling, How To Manage Interviews And How To Use Counselling In Situations Ranging From Problems Involving Discrimination, Harrassment Or Stress, To Stimulating Staff Development And Change.	1999-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246945	Organise Effective Training	James Chalmers		Industry, public services, colleges, community groups, and organisations of all kinds urgently need to train their people in a wide variety of much needed skills. But however knowledgeable tutors are, if a training event has been badly organised it will b	1999-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246990	Manage Computers At Work	Jones		Most Books On Computers Are Highly Technical, Often Geared To One Particular Application Or Product. This One Is Different. Putting The Needs Of The Beginner First, It Is A Practical Step-By-Step Guide Showing How To Get Computers To Help You At Work. It Discusses Why A Computer May Be Needed, How To Choose The Right One And How To Install It Properly. The Book Also Explains How To Process Letters, Documents, Manage Accounts, Handle Customer,Mailing Lists And Other Records. Business Presentations And Desktop Publishing Are Also Explained And How To Get Your Computer To Talk To Other Computers.	1998-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172247591	The 501 Best And Worst Things Ever Said About Marriage	Ronald B. Schwartz		Ever Since The First Couple Married, Men And Women Have Offered Opinions And Definitions About Marriage. This Book Is About Marriage Musing Collected By The Author Over The Course Of His Research. It Contains Quotes That Caters To Readers Of All Types : The Love-Struck, The Lovelorn, The Bored, The Bewildered And The Better. Some Of The Utterances Are Bruisingly Hilarious, Some Ruefully Reflective And Some...Just Plain Angry.	1999-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172247607	The Successful Manager	Dr. V.P. Michael		This Book Has A Novel Approach To Management. There Are Many Aspects Of Substance For Every Manager To Be Successful In His Career. This Book Has Tactfully And Humorously Dealt With Many Such Important Inputs For Managerial Success Which Are Deduced From Practical Realms Of Management.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172247614	Love Psycho-Astrology	Vazquez & Iturregui		Life Is Tranformation, It Dies And Is Reborn Again In Every Sense, And The Real ' I ' Is Not Even Recognized By The Most Intimate Relations. Just Like A Butterfly, We G Ofrom One Shape To The Other, With The Soul Transmuting Values, Work, And Bonds. In Order Tobe On A Path Of Liberation And Growth, It Is Absolutely Necessary To Understand The Planets Behaviour And Nature, And Their Connection With Human Psychology. It'S A Journey From The Unconscious Into The Conscious, From Mortality To Immortality And From Darkness In To Light.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172247621	A To Z Of Management Mantras	Satish B. Mathur		In This Interesting And Engrossing Book, The Author Narrates Over Fifty Real-Life Success Stories That Are Drawn From The Experiences Of His Friends And Colleagues. It Covers A Vast Terrain Of The Management World - From Acting Wise To Feigning Ignorance; From Being Honest To Breeding Dishonesty; From Taking Prompt Action To Procrastinating.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172247768	Gavaskar and Tendulkar Shaping Indian Cricket's Destiny	Sandeep Bamzai		Over The Years, Indian Cricket Has Climbed Out Of The Abyss Of Gloom To Discard The Long-Standing Tag Of Dull Dogs. The 1983 World Cup Victory Acted As The Locomotive For Change. One Day Cricket Becoming The New Opiate. At The Vanguard Of This Metamorphosis Have Been Batting Maestros - Sunil Gavaskar And Sachin Tendulkar. This Fascinating Sociological Study Details The Rise Of Indian Cricket With Amazing Insights From Some Of The Greatest Names In The Game.	1999-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172243869	Management Development	Alan Mumford		This Book Attempts To Improve Managerial Effectiveness. It Focuses On The Kind Of Processes Used By Most Management Development Advisors And Personnel Directors. Providing Some Innovative Ideas On Managing Careers, It Gives A Detailed Case Study Describing How Management Development Plans Can Be Based On The Strategies An Organization Has Chosen.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172244095	Stepping Up Performance	Gary Benson		The Performance Appraisal Is A Powerful Determinant Of Performance. The Performance Appraisal Is The Most Commonly Used Method Of Evaluating And Rewarding Performance. However Because Performance Appraisal Is Usually Closely Tied To Compensation, Managers Generally Seek To Take Care Of Their Subordinates Instead Of Using The Performance Appraisal To Identify Who Is Not Performing Well And Then To Determine Why The Employee Performance Is Substandard. An Effective Performance Review Involves Two-Way Communication, Through Which Both The Superior And Subordinate Share An Opportunity To Exchange Constructive And Developmental Feedback That Will Further The Employee S Overall Contribution.It Is The Manager And Supervisor Who Through Their Own Commitment And Enthusiasm, Determine The Degree Of Commitment In The Workforce A Commitment To Excellence Or An Acceptance Of Mediocrity. Since There Is Little Hope Of A Miraculous Breakthrough In Human Motivation That Will Provide Us With Generations Of Super Performers, We Had Better Face The Reality And Hard Work Of Managing Performance.This Compendium Provides A Broad Spectrum Of Practical Knowledge, Research And Theory Relating To Performance And How To Improve It.	1995-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172245597	Hand Book of Library Cooperation	Raymond John Prytherch		Library Cooperation Has Moved Away From An Informal Supporting Role For Individual Library Services To That Of A Strategic Instrument In The Organization Of Available Natural Resources To Meet Client Needs. The Pressure On Financial Resources, The Development Of Technology, The Growth In Publishing Output And The Demand For Access To It, Have All Contributed To The Case For More Effective Forms Of Library Cooperation Which Can Be Seen At International, National, Regional And Local Levels. This Book Describes, Assesses, And Evaluates The Current State-Of-The-Art Of Library Cooperation And Potential Future Developments.	1997-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						LAN025000
9788172245627	Slide Collection Management In Libraries & Information Units	Glyn Sutcliffe		This Book Reviews Both The Traditional Manual Methods For Managing Slides And The Present Day Interrelationship Between Established Slide Collections And The New Imaging Technologies. The Principal Methods And Packages Currently Available For Automated Slide Retrieval Are Also Discussed. Slide Management In Both The Academic And Commercial Worlds Are Covered Including Visual Art Libraries, Museums And Departments Of Medical Illustration. The Needs Of Commercial Picture Libraries And Picture Agencies Are Also Addressed. The Book Examines Many Of The Developments And Initiatives Which Are Currently Being Undertaken By The Picture Making And Image Management Community.	1997-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172245757	Management Mess-Ups	Mark Eppler		Management Mess-Ups 57 pitfalls you can avoid and stories of those who didn t, offers practical, timely advice for those responsible for getting work done through other people. It is concise, humorous, insightful and highly accessible. The information pre		Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246082	World Class Selling	Roy Chitwood		World Class Selling Is A Scientific Process That Enables You To Sell Any Product, Service, Or Idea. Behind Its Procedures Lies An Ethical Philosophy That You Can Rely On A Win-Win Philosophy Of Serving The Customer. You Never Need To Con Or Pressure A Prospect, Or Do Anything Against Your Standards Or Contrary To Your Personality.You Will Learn About The Buyer S Hidden Agenda: The Five Buying Decisions That Every Prospect Must Make Before Buying. If You Don T Know What These Decisions Are, Or The Precise Order In Which They Are Made, You Can T Reach Your Potential In Sales. In World Class Selling, You Will Learn The Seven Steps Of The Track Selling System" That Carry You Smoothly Through Each Of The Prospects Buying Decisions In The Correct Order.The Skills, Techniques And Philosophy Of World Class Selling Will Give You A Sustainable Advantage Over Your Competition. World Class Selling Will Show You How To Sell More, Earn More, And Have More Fun In The Process.	1997-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246167	The Bhagavad Gita For Daily Living (3 Vol. Set)	Eknath Easwaran		INDIA S timeless, most practical scripture is a manual for everyday use. Ten years in the making, The Bhagvad Gita For Daily Living distills insight and understanding that have made Eknath Easwaran one of the best loved teachers in the world. His translat	1997-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						EDU000000
9788172246198	Risk-Free Business Re-engineering: How to Re-Engineer Your organization Using Business Event Partitioning to Achieve Ultimate Customer Satisfaction	Brian Dickinson		This Book Tells You How To Slice Through Traditional Organizational Structures To Best Benefit You, Your Business And Your Customer. This Book Guides You In Restructuring Your Organization To Achieve Ultimate Customer Satisfaction. Brian Dickinson With His 30 Years Of Experience In Teaching, Consulting In Business Systems And All Areas Of Data Processing, Describes Two Types Of Risks Namely Technical/Systematic Risk And Managerial Risks. He Gives A Clear Understanding Of What He Calls Functional Partitioning , Thus Explaining That Re-Engineering Gives Us Tools To Fundamentally Improve The Organization Itself And Allows Us To Re-Evaluate The Very Structure Of The Organization As It Goes About Its Daily Operations.	1997-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172246280	Corporate Instinct: Building a Knowing Enterprise for the 21st Century	Thomas M. Koulopoulos		Dynamics of Successful International Business Negotiations is an invaluable tool for developing new approaches of negotiations from diverse cultural background. It presents an array of cultural variables that influence a negotiator s behaviour and decisio	1997-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172247928	Strategic Human Resource Leader	W.J. Rothwell&R.K. Prescott & M.W. Taylor		Aligning the human resource function with organizational objectives, the authors demonstrate how to define and measure HR results, provide guidelines for building new competencies, and outline methods for narrowing the gap between current and future HR ro	2006-07-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172247935	Co-Active Coaching	Sandhal		Co-Active Coaching offers a new model of practice for coaches as well as for those who want to integrate coaching into their consulting practice. It describes the principles, the components and the techniques of co-active coaching and examines the skills	1999-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172248048	Executive Development and Organizational Learning for Global Business	Bernard Keys		Considered A Must-Have Handbook For Development Managers, Executive Development And Organizational Learning For Global Business Gives You A Unique Perspective On The Major Challenges You Will Face When Setting Up Your Executive Education Program. Anyone Creating A Comprehensive Game Plan For A Large Global Organization Will Want To Be Familiar With The Informative Practices In This Book. It Is A Valuable Reference Tool For Those Who Are Seeking To Develop Globally Minded Leaders.	1999-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172248536	Flexible Working Practices	Stredwick & Ellis		Effective corporate initiatives and processes are the bedrock of successful organisations; developing practice provides managers with essential frameworks to identify, formulate and implement the best policies and practice in the management and developmen	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249205	Understanding Psychological Testing	Charles Jackson		The Book Aims To Try And Meet The Needs Of The Lay Practitioner Or Of The Interested Observer With A Healthy Interest In The Issues Surrounding Psychological Assessment And Testing. It Explains The Underlying Assumptions, Different Sorts Of Test, The Purpose For Which They Are Used, The Ways They Can Be Interpreted And What They Can And Cannot Tell Us.	2001	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788172249229	Executive resource management,building and retaining an exceptional leadership team	Robert W. Barner		This Powerful Book Introduces A Proven Executive Resource Planning Process That Can Help Business Create, Develop And Sustain High-Performing Executive Leadership Teams. It Reveals How To Assess And Select Top Level Personnel, And Manage Relationships. It Presents A Practical Approach For Targeting The Strengths Of Individual Executives And Offers Methods For Cultivating Their Long-Term Potential.	2001-01-01	Jaico						ZZZ000000
9788179920138	Conflict Resolution	Gini Graham Scott		In Work With Me!, Author Gini Graham Scott Presents Her Proven Conflict Resolution Model-First Outlined In Her Popular Book Resolving Conflict-And Applies It To The Workplace, Guiding Readers On How To Manage Emotions And Use Logic And Intuition To Resolve Common Problems On The Job. Written For Everyone Within The Organization- Workers, Managers, Supervisors, Human Resource Directors, And Ceos-This Book Offers The Tools Needed For Taking Charge Of Workplace Conflicts And Developing The Neccessary Skills.	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920176	Strategic Alliances: Partner Risk	Warnock Davies		Strategic Alliance (SAs) allow companies to expand product lines, acquire technology, stretch resources, increase productive capacity, and enter new industries. SAs also allow access to new markets, and expansion in areas of core competency, and increase		Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920183	The Leader's Imperative: Ethics, Integrity, and Responsibility	J. Carl Ficarrotta		This Volume Is A Complete Collection Of Both The Reich And Mcdermott Lectures Given At The U.S. Air Force Academy From 1988 To 1999. It Gathers Together Twenty Of Today'S Leading Thinkers On The Topic Of Leadership, Ethics, And Integrity. Distinguihed Men And Women All, They Discuss The Ethics Of Leadership From A Variety Of Perspectives-Those Of Policy Makers, Educators, Military Leaders, Philosophers, Jurists, And Clergy.Many Of These Essays Discuss Great Leaders Of The Past And The Moral Decisions They Faced. Another Group Of Contributors Offers Hard-Won Lessons From Personal Experiencs, Making Difficult Decisions And Observing The Behavior Of Others When Duty To An Overarching Principle Overrides A Specific Directive.Finally, And Perhaps Most Importantly, These Essays Discuss Our Future: How Can We Instill A Sense Of Integrity And Responsibility In Tomorrow'S Leaders?	2002-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920589	The psychology of relationship selling,developing repeat and referral business	Orv Owens		Here are the sales and motivational secrets of personal and professional success. Regardless of your specific product or service or even its price a sale can only be closed when a positive relationship exists between the client and agent. Salespersons,	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179920657	Build A Top Performing Organization: Making An Impact	Timm J. Esque		Building A Top-Performing Organization From The Bottom UpThis Book Gives Trainers And Performance Improvement Professionals A Straightforward Approach To Looking At The Problems Facing Today'S Organizations Without Focusing On Training Or Individual Competencies. It'S An Innovative Approach To Performance Consulting That Promotes Long-Term Performace Improvement By Helping Individuals, Departments And Entire Organizations Learn To:* Prevent Performance Problems From Occuring In The First Place* Identify When Performance Problems Do Arise* Resolve Those Problems So That They Do Not Reoccur	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921036	Developing Global Teams For 21St Century Success	Michael J. Marquardt & Lisa Horvath		How Top Multinationals Span Boundaries And Cultures With High-Speed TeamworkIn Nearly Evey Corner Of The World, Organizations Are Calling Upon People To Communicate And Cooperate Across Cultures To Manage Widely Dispersed Work Groups And Corporate Subsidiaries, And To Hurdle Multiple Time Zones. Interantional Consultant And Award Winning Author Michael Marquardt And Lisa Horvath Have Culled The Best Practices And Lessons Learned From Global Leaders As Glaxo-Wellcome, General Motors Etc To Show How Anyone, In Any Type Of Organization, Can Overcome The Challenges And Reap The Reward Of Global Teams.They Offer Practical Advice On How To Build Trust, Motivate Team Members, And Get Things Done Across Boundaries And Barriers Of Diversity And Distance. With Worksheets, Checklists, Sample Agendas, And A Twelve-Step Strategic Guide, Global Teams Offers The Essentail Tools You And Your Organization Need To Bridge Cultures, Language And Time Zones To Create Global Teams That Succeed.	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921067	Capitalizing on Conflict: Strategies and Practices for Turning Conflict to Synergy in Organizations: A manager's handbook	James W. Gibson		Strategies And Practices For Turning Conflict To Synergy In OrganizationsLooking To Enhance Your Organization'S Creativity, Improve Decisions, Foster Learning, And Elevate The Performance Of People An Systems? Such Concrete Benefits Are The Results When Organizational Leaders, Including Manages, Human Resource Experts, And Organization Development Consultants, Proactively Create An Environment That Minimizes Workplace Conflict And Integrates Resolution Strategies Into Management Systems. In Capitalizing On Conflict, The Authors Who Combine Experience As Attorneys, Mediators, Educators, And Business Leaders, Demonstrate That Effective Conflict Management Involves More Than Just Solving Problems. This Management Undertaking Requires Disciplined Actions Integrated Into An Organization'S Daily Systems And Processes.	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921081	Seven Zones for Leadership: Acting Authentically in Stability and Chaos	Robert W. Terry		ACTING AUTHENTICALLY IN STABILITY AND CHAOS Every day brings a new leadership challenge that requires strategic actions. But one-size-fits-all strategies are only compounding problems in today's organizations. Besides wasting money and time, they often d	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921098	Mastering The 4 Styles Of Leadership	Beck & Yeager		Mastering The Four Styles Of Leadership To Build High-Performing Teams Not Even The Most Inexperienced Golfer Would Play Using Only One Kind Of Club. Nor Should Leaders Aim For A Foolish Consistency Using A Single Leadership Style, Say The Authors Of This Compelling Volume. In This Newly Revised And Expanded Edition Of The Leaders Window, The Authors Offer A Proven And Highly Practical Method For Leading Teams. The Road-Tested 14 Leadership System Pioneered By The Authors Has Been Used Effectively In Thousands Of Companies Worldwide.Designed For Supervisors, Managers, Executives And Leaders At Every Level Who Need Powerful Team Results, The Leaders Window Includes Performance Contracts, Flow Charts, Assesment Tools, And Other Practical Aids To Put Dynamic Leadership Into Action Immediately.	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921128	50 Case Studies In Management Training	Dr. Alan B. Clardy		The cases reported in this manual are, with few exceptions, based upon true stories that have been gathered from a broad spectrum of supervisors and managers. These cases have been successfully used in various management and supervisory training programs		Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921227	Handbook Of Program Management	Mitchell L. Springer		Although Many Might Argue That Handbook Of Program Management Is Magic Or Luck, Mitchell L. Springer Describes It In Terms Of An Integrated Discipline, A Discipline Composed Of Both An Art And A Science Portion. The Art Form Is Addressed Through Numerous Qualitative Aspects Of Managing People, Working In Teams, Understanding What Motivates People, And Gaining An Understanding Of Ourselves As Managers And Our Employees. The Quantitative Side Is Composed Of Processes With Multiple Activities. Each Activity Possesses Attendant Products. The Integration Of The Multiple Activities With Their Attendant Products Provides A Powerful Framework For Successfully Planning A Program.Handbook Of Program Management Dose What No Other Book Has Done To Date. It Has Integrated And Pictorially Depicted Each Of The Many Activities And Their Products Which Compose A Well-Defined Sequence For Creating A Successful Program Plan From Which To Execute Your Program. The Author Has Drawn From Years Of Experience In Managing Studying And Evaluating Programs.	2007	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921463	Making Instruction Work	Robert F. Mager		Making Instruction Work is your step-by-step guide to designing and developing instruction that achieves your objectives. Completely revised, it shows you techniques you can apply immediately to make your instruction more learn, on target, and effective.	2004	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921487	Global terrorism,the complete reference guide	Harry Henderson		Coverage includes * An extensive historical overview of terrorism and related issues * A survey of terrorism today, including the most recent attack on the World Trade Center * Terrorism-related laws, legal issues, and court cases * A chronological survey	2003-01-01	Jaico Pub. House						ZZZ000000
9788179921494	The Competent Leader: A Powerful and Practical Tool Kit for Managers and Supervisors	Peter B. Stark		Learn What Skills Are Required To Be A Successful Leader In Today S Business Environment. The 21St Century Competent Leader Concentrates On The Interpersonal Skills Required To Be A Great Leader. Most People In Supervisory, Managerial, Or Other Positions Of Leadership Have Exceptionally Strong Technical Skills But Are Not Equally Strong In Their Interpersonal Skills. This Is Because Most People Are Hired And Promoted Based On How Well They Perform The Operational Functions Of A Position. This Book Will Aid Both New And Experienced Leaders In Concentrating On The Necessary Skills To Fine-Tune Their Relationship-Building Skills. The 21St Century Competent Leader Is Written In An Easy-To-Understand How-To Format, It Offers Action Planning Guides And Assessments Which Help Transfer Newly Learned Skills Back To The Workplace.	2003	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921784	The New Work Culture	Philip R. Harris		This book is a reference for leading-edge managers of the 21st century. It deals with organizational transformation challenges, perspectives on the new work environment, human resource development in the metaindustrial work scene, and strategies to exerci	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921791	Building Great Organizations	Human Technology. Inc.		Organizations Are Looking Toward Team-Based Structures As A Way To Increase Effectiveness And Provide Better Customer Service Through A Flatter Organization. Depending On The Role You Play In Your Organization S Effort To Go To Teams, The Guide Will Provide You With Information, Best Practices, Tips, Tools, And Guidance On Creating, Implementing, And Assessing Teams.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921845	Service Quality Management In Hospitality, Tourism & Leisure	Mok & Beverley Sparks		Customers Today Expect A Very High Overall Level Of Service In Hospitality, Tourism, And Leisure. This Book Highlights Concepts And Strategies That Will Improve The Delivery Of Services, And Provides Clear And Simple Explanations Of Theoretical Concepts And Their Practical Applications.	2005-05-30	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179921975	A practical guide to data analysis,resampling methods	Phillip I. Good		This thoroughly revised second edition is a practical guide to data analysis using the bootstrap, cross-validation, and permutation tests. It is an essential resource for industrial statisticians, statistical consultants, and research professionals in sci	2003-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922750	Success Is Just 6 Steps Away	Dinesh K. Vohra		True success is all about seeking happiness and satisfaction in life. Life is full of opportunities and threats. It is how we confront them that determines our success and failures. This book offers concrete and practical solutions for personal and professional success. What s more, it shows you how to change your attitudes and thinking to bring about dynamic changes in your life. You can zip along on to the highway of success with the perfect blend of right vision, right knowledge and right action.The six chapters of this book are the 6 steps leading to the ultimate success in life.You have it in you. Discover yourself. So what are YOU waiting for? Go ahead and break the barrier of indecision and act on your dreams to make your life meaningful and fulfilling.About the AuthorMr. Dinesh K. Vohra, M.B.A., is a motivator par excellence. He is an acclaimed management speaker and conducts seminars for the corporate sector and government agencies on a wide variety of subjects like Positive Mental Attitude, Self-esteem, Change Management, Leadership and Team-building, Communication Skills, Knowledge Management and Stress Management. The author can be contacted at dineshvohra@rediffmail.com.	2004	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922873	Culture and International Business	Kip Becker		Culture And International Business Is A Book Devoted To The Effects Of Culture On International Business Operations. Change Has Created Many Conflicts Between The Established Ways And The Introduction Of New Ideas And Different Behaviors. The Internationalization Of The Workplace Has Placed Increased Pressures On Human Resource Departments, Managers And Staff. The Articles Included In This Book Provide Valuable Insights Into Dealing With These Issues.	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922903	Leadership Coaching	Graham Lee		Effective leadership coaching can massively improve a manager s performance but unfortunately good coaching is more than just passing on one s own business experience. Developing authentic leadership through coaching is about changing deeply personal, o	2004-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922934	A Guide To Organizational Creativity	Neville Smith & Murray Ainsworth		A Unique, Patented Programme For The Development Of Creative Thinking Within A Business Environment, This Book Explains In Easy, Practical Steps How To Make Innovation Happen In Your Organization.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179922965	Information Technology Planning	Editor Lori A. Gooetsch		Our Organizations Are Scrambling To Change In An Attempt To Stay On The Leading Or In Some Cases, The Bleeding Edge. This Book Offers Some Approaches And Strategies That Will Be Useful In Libraries And Provides Some Food For Thought About Information Technology For The Future.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923870	Become The Brand Of Choice	Jason Hartman		This Is A Book For Everyone In Business And For Every Type Of Business. Creating Clients For Life Is A Proven Way To Increase Your Bottom Line. Say Good-Bye To Unpredictable Income. Relationship Marketing Gives You All The Control You Want And The Profits You Deserve&In Less Time. Harness The Power And Potential Of This People-Centered Approach To Build You And Your Business Into The Brand Of Choice.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923924	Case studies for organizational communication,understanding communication processes	Joann Keyton&Pamela Shockley-Zalabak		This Book Is A Collection Of 33 Compelling, Accessible Cases That Use Verbal, Nonverbal, Written, And Electronic Channels In Multiple Contextual Settings. The Cases Cover Formal And Informal Communication Practices Offering Students The Opportunity To Apply Their Knowledge Of Organizational And Business Communication To Analyze Vital Organizational Issues And Dilemmas. An Introductory Case With Margin Notes Provides A Sample Of How To Read And Analyze A Case Study.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923931	Handbook Of Cross-Cultural Communication	Larry A. Samovar		Handbook of Cross-Cultural Communication offers a straightforward, practical approach to public speaking. The text is noted for its clear and concise writing style, abundant use of examples and logical organization. Chapter sequencing allows students to b	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179923955	Productivity Techniques	Leone & Rahn		The philosophy and methods of flow manufacturing are being introduced quickly across the globe and a manufacturing company, in any industry, cannot hope to be successful long-term without using flow methods. Most of the publications available today are ei	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924129	Digital Signals	Manish Pradhan		This Book Is An Excellent Reference From A Theoretical And Practical Standpoint For Any Student Of Engineering Pursuing The Study Of Digital Signal-Image Processing, Digital Audio-Video Processing And Pattern Recognition. It Provides, In Detail, The Theory And Applications Behind The Most Important Subjects In The Above Areas Like Digital & Adaptive Filters, Frequency Transforms, Modulation Methods, Compression & Packetization Techniques, Conditional Access & Security Methods And Cryptographic Techniques. Working Knowledge Of Industry Standard Applications That Involve These Subjects Like Voice Recognition & Identification, Machine Vision, Finger-Print Recognition, Settop Boxes, Dvd Players/Recorders And Cable Modems Is Thoroughly Covered. The Divergence Between Desktop And Embedded Applications Is Also Covered, With Emphasis On Both Hardware And Software.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924440	Organisational Theory	Davis Crowther & Miriam Green		This book provides a theoretical framework to enable students to place organizational practice in a theoretical context. It thus constitutes a solid knowledge base in organizational theory, and in the application of that theory, for both undergraduate stu	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924495	Learning and development	Rosemary Harrison		This book provides theoretical and practical guidelines for those studying development modules in disciplines such as health, education and public administration. It is also intended to reach a wider postgraduate market including MBA and specialist HRM	2005-01-01	Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development						ZZZ000000
9788179924747	Unit Operations In Environmental Engineering	Robert Noyes		The practical aspects of environmental technology are discussed in detail in this book. Each chapter deals with unit operations such as biological, chemical, physical, radiation and electrical technology besides others. Traditional technologies have been included, as well as those that can be considered innovative, and emerging. In addition, a number of technologies have been developed by combining processes directly, or in a treatment train, and these developments are expected to assume increasing importance. However, such concerns as uncertainties due to liability, regulatory approval, price competition, and client approval have limited the application of some of these newer technologies.The purpose of this book is not to describe commercial processes, but a number of proprietary processes are included in order to present additional information. The inclusion or exclusion of any commercial process bears no relationship to its comparative effectiveness in any environmental control situation. Also, various governmental and commercial organizations may use different nomenclature and terminology, for the same technology.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924778	Electrotechnology	Nicholas P. Cheremisinoff		A survey of electrotechnologies and their status, and principles of operation and significant applications both current and potential are outlined in this book. An assessment is made wherever possible of the selected topics.Many of the technologies and processes discussed are in their infancy and development stages. Some have developed and are developing rapidly; while all show great future promise. Rapid progress is being made in numerous industrial and environmental applications. The electrotechnologies identified in the volume have been selected for evaluation based on their potential impact in key industrial sectors and implications for industrial energy patterns.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924891	HR forecasting and planning	Paul Turner		How Can Strategic Hrm Make A Significant Impact To Bottom-Line Performance? This Timely Book Combines An Overview Of The Relevant Theory With Research Evidence And Practical Guidance As To How Human Resource Practitioners Can Contribute Towards This Goal. In Addition, The Authors Have Drawn On Previously Unpublished Research To Provide Authentic Voices From Real-Life Managers Discussing How They Set About Developing And Implementing Hr Strategies. The Research Includes Interviews With Hr Directors And Chief Executives From A Variety Of Organisations Including The Children S Society, Homebase, Lloyds Tsb And The Department Of Health.Part I Of The Book Explores The Conceptual Framework Within Which Strategic Hrm Takes Place. Part Ii Examines The Research Evidence On The Impact Of Strategic Hrm On Business Performance And Outlines The Role Of The Hr Function In Making That Impact. Part Iii Looks At How Individual Hr Strategies Add Up To Strategic Hrm, Addressing Overall Organisational Issues As Well As Such Specific Areas Of Hr Practice As Resourcing Or Employee Development. Part Iv Addresses The Practical Issues Of Strategic Hrm In Action And Spells Out How Hr Practitioners Can Become Business Partners Engaged In Improving Bottom Line Performance Via Strategic Hrm.	2005	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924914	Leading Hr: Delivering Competitive Advantage	Clive Morton&Andrew Newall & Jon Sparkes		The HR profession must take a leading role in contributing to business success if it is to stand alongside other functions within the organization. In this book the authors show how the HR function can become a key contributor to any organization - giving	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179924921	The Competencies Handbook	Steve Whiddett&Sarah Hollyforde		Far From Being The Latest Management Fad, Competency Frameworks Focus On How People Do Their Jobs And Will Always Lie At The Heart Of People Management Activities. The Authors Begin By Guiding The Reader Through All The Stages Of Developing A Core Competency Framework. They Outline The Principles And Quality Standards Necessary To Ensure The Framework Is Effective Across The Whole Business, Easy To Use, Well Defined, Relevant And Fair. They Then Discuss The Four Major Management Processes - Selection, Performance Review, Training And Development, And Reward.	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925331	Communicating Interpersonally	John Stewart&Karen E. Zediker & Saskia Witteborn		The sixth edition of Communicating Interpersonally brings eminent scholar John Stewart in collaboration with award-winning colleagues Karen Zediker and Saskia Witteborn to continue the text s traditional emphasis on contact while adding two additional emp	2005-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925362	Industrial Electronics For Engineers, Chemists, And Technicians	Daniel J. Shanefield		Turn to this multipurpose reference for a practical understanding of electronics in the factory or laboratory. It s perfect for people who are not electrical engineers but who need to use electronic equipment every day at work. Avoid or solve common problems in the use of electronics in the factory or lab and optimize the use of measurement and control equipment with this helpful resource!The guide is easy to understand by anyone who has taken a high school physics course yet it provides quick, specific solutions for such electronics issues as feedback, oscillation, ground loops, impedance mismatch, noise pickup, and optimization of PID controllers.Use Industrial Electronics as a hands-on resource to handle typical electronics questions as they arise, as a self-study text to provide a broad background for understanding general electronics issues and design, or even for an instructor-led, on-the-job training course in shop or lab electronics. Because of the highly detailed explanations in the book, instructors themselves do not need to be experts. Of course, the volume is perfect for use as a textbook in college and vocational school courses.	2006	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179925379	Semiconductor Materials And Process Technology Handbook	Editor - Gary E. Mcguire		There has been a major thrust throughout the semiconductor industry to establish the capability to process Very Large Scale (VLSIC) and Ultra Large Scale (ULSIC) Integrated Circuits, as well as Very High Speed Integrated Circuits (VHSIC). The goals of these integrated circuits are a natural evolution of current IC technology since the number of devices on a simple IC have nearly doubled every year for the past two decades.This handbook is a broad review of semiconductor materials and process technology, with emphasis on very large-scale integration (VLSI) and ultra large scale integration (ULSI). The technology of integrated circuit (IC) processing is expanding so rapidly that it can be difficult for the scientist working in one area to keep abreast of developments in other areas of the field. This handbook solves this problem by bringing together snapshots of the various aspects of the technology.	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179926239	Operational Risk Management	S.K. Bagchi		Operational Risk is one of the important arms of the risk management triangle the other two being Credit Risk and Market (Treasury) Risk. There was no precise definition of operational risk until Basel Accord II came into being in June 2004. In order to	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788179926673	Nanotechnology	William Illsey Atkinson		Since The Beginning Of The Industrial Age, Many Machines Have Grown Steadily Smaller Even As They Have Grown More Powerful And Complex. Nanotechnology, Based On The Science Of The Infinitesimally Small, Takes Technology Beyond Most Popular Definitions Of Reality, To A Realm Of Molecular Machines, Cell-Sized Computers, And Other Astounding Possibilities. Nanotechnology Reveals A Spectacular View Of The Immediate Future Of Nanotechnology And Its Applications In Medicine, Computing, Manufacturing, Engineering And Countless Other Arenas That Affect Our World, Redefining How We Work, Play, And Live.Will Nanoscale Transistors Enable Computers To Outstrip The Combined Power Of All The Supercomputers Currently In The World? Can Gold Nanoparticles Bond With And Destory Cancer Cells? Will Gargantuan Elevators Lift Satellites To Their Orbits? The Possibilities For The Not-Too-Distant Future Are Astounding. But Nanotech Is Already Real: It Makes Tennis Balls Last Longer. It Makes Paints And Coatings Stick Better. It Makes Pants Impervious To Coffee Spills. It S Made Car Tires Stronger For Decades. And In 2003, President Bush Signed The 21St Century Nanotechnology Research And Development Act, A $3.7 Billion Grant That Represents The Largest Federally Funded Science Initiative Since President Kennedy Established The Space Program.	2006-01-01	Jaico Publishing House						ZZZ000000
