9788120831940	Approaching the Land of Bliss:Religious Praxis in the Cult of Amitabha	Richard Karl Payne&Kenneth K. Tanaka	Hardcover	The discourse on Buddhist studies has traditionally been structured around texts and nations (the transmission of Buddhism from India to China to Japan).  And yet, it is doubtful that these categories reflect in any significant way the organizing themes familiar to most Buddhists.  It could be argued that cultic practices associated with particular buddhas and bodhisattvas are more representative of the way Buddhists conceive of their relation to tradition.  This volume aims to explore this aspect of Buddhism by focusing on one of its most important cults, that of the Buddha Amitabha.  Approaching the land of Bliss is a rich collection of studies of texts and ritual practices devoted to Amitabha, ranging from Tibet to Japan and from early medieval times to the present.  The cult of Amitabha is identified as an integral part of Tibet's Mahayana Buddhist tradition in the opening essay by Matthew Kapstein.  Next, Daniel Getz Jr., locates the Pure Land patriarch Shengchang more firmly in a Huayan context and his pure Conduct Society not so much in the propagation of Pure Land praxis but as a means of modifying anti-Buddhist sentiments.  Jacqueline Stone's study of the practice of reciting nenbutsu at the time of death gives us an understanding of both the practice itself and the motivating logic behind it.  Kakuban-the founder of the one major schism in the history of the Shingon tradition-isplaced in a typology of Japanese Pure Land thought in James Sanford's study of Kakuban's Amida Hishaku.  Hank Glassman contributes an essay on the subsidiary cult of Chujohime, which derived from the cult of Amitabha but grew to such importance that it displaced the latter as the focus of worship in medieval Japan.  In his examination of radical Amidism, Fabio Rambelli discusses different forms of Japanese Pure Land thought that constitute  divergences from the main stream or normative forms.  Richard Jaffe examines the work of the seventeenth century cleric Ungo Kiyo, who sought to match his teaching to the needs and capacities of his disciples.  Tod Lewis highlights the importance of cultic life and finds traces of the desire for rebirth in Sukhavati in stupa worship among Newari Buddhists.  Charles Jones' thick description of a one-day recitation retreat in Taiwan provides us with a closer look at how the cult of Amitabha continues in present-day East Asia.  Approaching the Land of Bliss moves beyond the limitations of defining Buddhism in terms of its textual corpus or nation states, opening up the cult of Amitabha in Nepal, Tibet, China and Taiwan, and uncovering new aspects of Japanese Pure Land.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	304	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832299	The Art of Prediction in Astrology	Gayatri Devi Vasudev	Paperback	Astrology and interest in it have been growing at a pace that does justice to the subject as a discipline of great consequence in handling the complexities and ills of human life and existence. The Art of Prediction in Astrology is a simple guide to the techniques of interpretation of the horoscope. This book teaches how to apply and interpret some important planetary combinations and dicta found in classical works to practical cases. This shows further how to analyse and understand: *Yogas for fame and lasting reputation, renunciation, spiritual realization, tyranny and homicidal tendencies. *Difficult concepts such as the difference between Resi and Bhave, Yamaganda and Yamakantaka, the Moon's role in understanding human psychology and behavious and the nexus between Rahu-Ketu and schizophrenic tendencies. *Eclipses and how they influence the timing of events. *Solar activity and planetary movements in relation to weather, agricultural crops and tsunamis. *Principles of Muhurta and natal horoscopy in making forecasts on the fall and continuance of governments and how Martian movements can trigger terrorist attacks such as that of September 11, 2001. *Simplifies the intricate art of chart delineation with illustrations of important personalities.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	267	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832381	Ayurvedic Tongue Diagnosis:Preface By David Frawley	Walter 'Shantree' Kacera	Hardcover	In addition to offering a comprehensive understanding of the art of tongue diagnosis, this book includes ancient and modern healing practices based on Healing Tastes, Herbal Therapies and Dietary Protocols. The knowledge contained in this book is invaluable for supporting oneself and others on the journey to wholeness. The educational foundation of the book prepares us to really understand the meaning and use of tongue diagnosis. The ancient art of tongue diagnosis, as this book defines it, is the science of the shape, shadings and markings of the tongue, which describe the current state of an individual`s health, as well as their inherited constitution. The potential of tongue diagnosis is that it gives a non-invasive way to measure the tissue integrity of the body, especially the Agni of the digestive system or the Fire or strength of the digestive system. This can be assessed by simply observing the color and structure of the tongue, then we have a very simple way to take preventive steps to correct those imbalances, and we have a very simple feedback system, meaning the tongue`s color, size, shape and shading, to let us know how successful our approach has been.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	480	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832312	Ayurvedic Tongue Diagnosis:Preface By David Frawley	Walter 'Shantree' Kacera	Paperback	In addition to offering a comprehensive understanding of the art of tongue diagnosis, this book includes ancient and modern healing practices based on Healing Tastes, Herbal Therapies and Dietary Protocols. The knowledge contained in this book is invaluable for supporting oneself and others on the journey to wholeness. The educational foundation of the book prepares us to really understand the meaning and use of tongue diagnosis. The ancient art of tongue diagnosis, as this book defines it, is the science of the shape, shadings and markings of the tongue, which describe the current state of an individual`s health, as well as their inherited constitution. The potential of tongue diagnosis is that it gives a non-invasive way to measure the tissue integrity of the body, especially the Agni of the digestive system or the Fire or strength of the digestive system. This can be assessed by simply observing the color and structure of the tongue, then we have a very simple way to take preventive steps to correct those imbalances, and we have a very simple feedback system, meaning the tongue`s color, size, shape and shading, to let us know how successful our approach has been.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	480	English				ZZZ000000
9788120831865	The Bhagavad Gita and Inner Transformation	Naina Lepes	Hardback	This contemporary companion to the Bhagavad Gita addresses the heart of human yearning.  T offers the possibility of transforming the battle of life into a path to Truth, a living process.  Each chapter presents a road toward our inner, universal Self, bringing a deeper and wider perspective along the way.  A psychological orientation invites the reader to move from abstract idea to individual insight.  As the book proceeds, the relationship between the personal and the eternal gradually unfolds in an ever-expanding process of self-discovery.  Quotes from the great teachers are included in the text to inspire, uplift and help us cross over the sea of illusion.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	462	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832930	Buddhists, Brahmins, and Belief:Epistemology in South Asian Philosophy of Religion	Dan Arnold	Hardcover	In Buddhists, brahmins, and belief, Dan arnold examines how the Brahmanical tradition of Purva Mimamsa and the writings of the seventh-century Buddhist Madhyamika philosopher Candrakirti challenged dominant Indian Buddhist views of epistemology.  Arnold retrieves these two very different but equally important voices of philosophical dissent, showing them to have developed highly sophisticated and cogent critiques of influential Buddhist epistemologists such as Dignaga and Dharmakirti.  His analysis developed in conversation with modern Western philosophers like William Alston and J.L. Austin-offers an innovative reinterpretattion of the Indian philosophical tradition, while suggesting that premodern Indian thinkers have much to contribute to contemporary philosophical debates.  In logically distinct ways, Purva Mimamsa and Candrakirti's Madhyamaka opposed the influential Buddhist school of thought that emphasized the foundational character of perception.  Arnold argues that Mimamsaka arguments concerning the intrinsic validity of the earliest Vedic scriptures are best understood as a critique of the tradition of Buddhist philosophy stemming from Dignaga.  Though often dismissed as antithetical to real philosopy,  Mimamsaka thought has affinities with the reformed epistemology that has recently influenced contemporary philosophy of religion.  Candrakirti's arguments, in contrast, amount to a principled refusal of epistemology.  Arnold contends that Candrakirti marshals against Buddhist foundationalism an approach that resembles twentieth-century ordinary language philosophy-and does so by employing what are finally best understood as transcendental arguments.  The conclusion that Candrakirti's arguments thus support a metaphysical claim represents a bold new understanding of Madhyamaka.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	318	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833609	Bodily Self-Sacrifice in Indian Buddhist Literature	Reiko Ohnuma	Hardcover	This is the first comprehensive study of a central narrative theme in premodern South Asian Buddhist literature: the Buddha's bodily self- sacrifice during his previous lives as a bodhisattva. Conducting close readings of stories from Sanskrit, Pali, Chinese, and Tibetan literature written between the third century B.c.e. and the late medieval period, Reiko Ohnuma argues that this theme has had a major impact on the development of Buddhist philosophy and culture. Whether he takes the form of king, prince, ascetic, elephant, hare, serpent, or god, the bodhisattva repeatedly gives his body or parts of his flesh to others. He leaps into fires, drowns himself in the ocean, rips out his tusks, gouges out his eyes, and lets mosquitoes drink from his blood, always out of selflessness and compassion and to achieve this highest state of Buddhahood. Ohnuma places these stories into a discrete subgenre of South Asian Buddhist literature and approaches them like case studies, analyzing their plots, characterizations, and rhetoric. She then relates the theme of the Buddha's bodily self-sacrifice to major conceptual discourses in the history of Buddhism and South Asian religions, such as the categories of the gift, the body (both ordinary and extraordinary) , kingship, sacrifice, ritual offering, and death. The work reveals a very sophisticated and influential perception of the body in South Asian Buddhist literature and highlights the way in which these stories have provided an important cultural resource for Buddhists. Combined with her rich and careful translations of classic texts, Ohnuma introduces a whole new understanding of a vital concept in Buddhists studies	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	372	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832480	Buddhist Studies	Richard F. Gombrich  /  Cristina Scherrer-Schaub	Hardback	The impressive growth of Buddhist Studies in recent years is the result of several factors.  Important collections of manuscripts have been found, and monuments unearthed, in nearly all parts of Asia where Buddhism existed; political and social events bringing East and West together have increased interest in both scholarly research and Buddhist religious practices.  The spread of Buddhism outside its birthplace, Madhyadesa, first in India and soon throughout Asia, prompted its followers constantly to invent new discursive strategies and to adjust the rules to local customs and administrations.  The essays presented here illustrate how why Buddhist literature adapted to a new and specific context, particularly in North-west India.  They also discuss hermeneutical and exegetical practices of Indian Buddhism, the complex interrelation between the Brahmanical and the Buddhist milieu, as well as the role of the social and political context in determining the rules of the monastic code (vinaya).	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	264	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832398	The Centrality of Ethics in Buddhism	Hari Shankar Prasad	Hardcover	This book, through extensive textual study, explores the Buddha`s and Buddhism`s uncompromising and unflinching emphasis on the centrality of ethics as against any pernicious dogmas and metaphysical beliefs, and theirattempts to causally relate moral perfection to soteriological or eschatological goal. What is most admirable about Buddhism is that it integrates the vertical development of human consciousness, for which the other is the necessary condition, with the gradual development of morality. It was this emphasis which separated Siddhartha, before he attained the Awakened Wisdom (bodhi), from his teachers - Alara Kalama and Uddaka Ramaputta - and it is for this reason that the Buddha calls himself and his Dhamma Patisotagami, i.e. going against the currents of the prevailing dogmas and pernicious beliefs. In brief, Buddhism is about overcoming of suffering, the greatest evil, through ethicization of human consciousness and conduct, which also takes care of the ethicization of the society and the universe. Besides, some of the essays of this book explore many other themes like Buddhist epistemology, nature of self, time, and interculturality.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	602	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832695	The Buddhist Visnu	John C. Holt	Hardcover	John Holt's groundbreaking study examines the assimilation, transformation, and subordination of the Hindu deity Visnu within the contexts of Sri Lankan history and Sinhala Buddhist religious culture.  Holt argues that political agendas and social forces, as much as doctrinal concerns, have shaped the shifting patterns of the veneration of Visnu in Sri Lanka.  Holt begins with a comparative look at the assimilation of the Buddha in Hinduism.  He then explores the role and rationale of medieval Sinhala kings in assimilating Visnu into Sinhala Buddhism.  Offering analyses of texts, many of which have never before been translated into English, Holt considers the development of Visnu in Buddhist literature and the changing practices of deity veneration.  Shifting to the present, Holt describes the efforts of contemporary Buddhist monks in Sri Lanka to discourage the veneration of Visnu, suggesting that many are motivated by a reactionary fear that their culture and society will soon be overrun by the influences and practices of Hindus, Muslims, and Christians.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	441	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833630	Cetana and the Dynamics of Volition in Theravada Buddhism	Nalini Devdas	Hardcover	What do the scriptures of Thravada Buddhism have to say about the most basic psychological processes through which alternatives are assessed, purposes are developed, and goal-oriented acts are initiated? How can Theravada make volitional endeavour central to Buddhist practice, while denying the existence of a self who wills? How can the text emphasize ethical striving, and yet uphold the principle that all physical and mental acts arise through causes and conditions? This book adds another perspective to Theravada scholarship by exploring various subtle Pali terms that seek to display the nuances of human motivation. Cetana is shown to be the purposive impetus that links ethically good and bad attitudes of mind with corresponding acts of body, speech, and mind. The argument is made that Theravada does not posit a controlling will, but seek to establish the possibility of changing attitudes, purposes, and acts through holistic methods of training. Theravada maintains that changes in attitude are possible because the mind has the capacity to observe its own processes of conditioning, and is able to greatly diversify its responses to its own concepts and to factors in its environment.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	525	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833616	Capturing the Aura	C. E. Lindgren	Paperback	The aura has been given many names over the centuries-chi'i, prana, karnaeem, and Illiaster. In fact, it has been documented for over 5,000 years. Astral lights alluded to by ancient Eastern Indians, Chinese and Jewish mystics are attributed to a universal energy permeating all matter. The aura was described in early esoteric writings and later in those of the Rosicrucians, Zen Buddhists, Christian mystics-even in the oral traditions of the American Indians. Now, Capturing the Aura brings the science, technology and metaphysics of auric investigation into a concise and readable book for the 21st century-a century that will see continuing integration of science and metaphysics into the MetaScience of the future.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	350	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833364	Changing Minds:Mind, Consciousness and Identity In Patanjali's Yoga-sutra and Cognitive Neuroscience	Michele Marie Desmarais	Paperback	This book by Dr. Desmarais is by all means a positive contribution in the field of Yoga, Indology and cognitive neurosciences.  It covers Eastern and Western, ancient and modern, religion and metaphysics, psychology and epistemology, as well as the cultural heritage for these.  The book is arranged in six chapters using our common concept of show as a metaphysical stage:  getting ready for the show; entering the theatre; taking the stage; all the world as stage; following the plot; thickening of the plot; and finally, the lights come up.  This has its source in the Samkhya metaphor of prakrti as analogous to a divine actor, on the world stage and in a cosmic drama.  Another symbolic metaphor that comes before our mind is that of Ardhanarinatesvara of Lord Siva, depicted as the Cosmic divine Supreme actor endowed with half-female in his person.  The reader, the spectator or audience member, symbolizes the Purusa of Samkhya and yoga.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	253	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833289	Changing Minds:Mind, Consciousness and Identity In Patanjali's Yoga-sutra and Cognitive Neuroscience	Michele Marie Desmarais	Hardcover	This book by Dr. Desmarais is by all means a positive contribution in the field of Yoga, Indology and cognitive neurosciences.  It covers Eastern and Western, ancient and modern, religion and metaphysics, psychology and epistemology, as well as the cultural heritage for these.  The book is arranged in six chapters using our common concept of show as a metaphysical stage:  getting ready for the show; entering the theatre; taking the stage; all the world as stage; following the plot; thickening of the plot; and finally, the lights come up.  This has its source in the Samkhya metaphor of prakrti as analogous to a divine actor, on the world stage and in a cosmic drama.  Another symbolic metaphor that comes before our mind is that of Ardhanarinatesvara of Lord Siva, depicted as the Cosmic divine Supreme actor endowed with half-female in his person.  The reader, the spectator or audience member, symbolizes the Purusa of Samkhya and yoga.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass		English				ZZZ000000
9788120832411	The Collected Works of J. Krishnamurti (Vol - I):Art of listening	J. Krishnamurti	Paperback	Until the end of his life at the age of ninety, Krishnamurti-the world teacher-traveled the world speaking as a private person. The rejection of all spiritual and psychological authority, including his own, is a fundamental theme. A major concern is the social structure and how it conditions the individual. The emphasis in his talks and writings is on the psychological barriers that prevent clarity of perception. Because his subject is all-embracing, the Collected Works which are in 18 Volumes, are of compelling interest. Within his talks in any one year. Krishnamurti was not able to cover the whole range of his vision, but broad amplifications of particular themes are found throughout these volumes. In them he lays the foundations of many of the concepts he used in later years. The Collected Works contain Krishnamurti`s previously published talks, discussions, answers to specific questions, and writings for the years 1933 through 1967. They are an authentic record of his teachings, taken from transcripts of verbatim shorthand reports and tape recordings. Jiddu Krishnamurti was born in 1895 of Brahmin Parents in South India. At the age of fourteen he was proclaimed the coming World Teacher by Annie Besant, then President of the Theosophical Society, an international organization that emphasized the unity of world religions. Mrs. Besant adopted the boy and took him to England, where he was educated and prepared for his coming role. In 1911 a new worldwide organization was formed with Krishnamurti as its head, solely to prepare its members for hisadvent as World Teacher. In 1929, after many years of questioning himself and the destiny imposed upon him, Krishnamurti disbanded this organization, saying: Truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect. Truth, being limitless, unconditioned, unapproachable by any path whatsoever, cannot be organized; nor should any organization be formed to lead or to coerce people along any particular path. My only concern is to set men absolutely, unconditionally free. Until he end of his life at the age of ninety, Krishnamurti traveled the world speaking as a private person. The rejection of all spiritual and psychological authority, including his own, is a fundamental theme. A major concern is the social structure and how it conditions the individual. The emphasis in his talks and writings is on the psychological barriers that prevent clarity of perception. In the mirror of relationship, each of us can come to understand the content of his own consciousness, which is common to all humanity. We can do this, not analytically, but directly in a manner Krishnamurti describes at length. In observing this content we discover within ourselves the division of the observer and what is observed. He points out that this division, which prevents direct perception, is the root of human conflict. His central vision did not waver after 1929, but Krishnamurti strove for the rest of his life to make his language even more simple and clear. There is a development in his exposition. From year to year he used new terms and new approaches to his subject, with different nuances. Because his subject is all embracing, the Collected Works are of compelling interest. Within his talks in any one year, Krishnamurti was not able to cover the whole range of his vision, but broad amplifications of particular themes are found throughout these volumes. In them he lays the foundations of many of the concepts he used in later years. The Collected Works containKrishnamurti`s previously published talks, discussions, answers to specific questions, and writings for the years 1933 through 1967. They are an authentic record of his teachings, taken from transcripts of verbatim shorthand reports and tape recordings. The Krishnamurti Foundation of America, a California charitable trust, has among its purposes the publication and distribution of Krishnamurti books, videocassettes, films and tape recordings. The production of the Collected Works is one of these activities.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	208	English				PHI000000
9788120832428	The Collected Works of J. Krishnamurti (Vol-II):What Is Right Action?	J. Krishnamurti	Paperback	Until the end of his life at the age of ninety, Krishnamurti-the world teacher-traveled the world speaking as a private person. The rejection of all spiritual and psychological authority, including his own, is a fundamental theme. A major concern is the social structure and how it conditions the individual. The emphasis in his talks and writings is on the psychological barriers that prevent clarity of perception. Because his subject is all - embracing, the Collected Works which are in 18 Volumes, are of compelling interest. Within his talks in any one year, Krishnamurti was not able to cover the whole range of his vision, but broad amplifications of particular themes are found throughout these volumes. In them he lays the foundations of many of the concepts he used in later years. The Collected Works contain Krishnamurti`s previously published talks, discussions, answers to specific questions, and writings for the years 1933 through 1967. They are anauthentic record of his teachings, taken from transcripts of verbatim shorthand reports and tape recordings. Jiddu Krishnamurti was born in 1895 of Brahmin Parents in South India. At the age of fourteen he was proclaimed the coming World Teacher by Annie Besant, then President of the Theosophical Society, an international organization that emphasized the unity of world religions. Mrs. Besant adopted the boy and took him to England, where he was educated and prepared for his coming role. In 1911 a new worldwide organization was formed with Krishnamurti as its head, solely to prepare its members for hisadvent as World Teacher. In 1929, after many years of questioning himself and the destiny imposed upon him, Krishnamurti disbanded this organization, saying: Truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect. Truth, being limitless, unconditioned, unapproachable by any path whatsoever, cannot be organized; nor should any organization be formed to lead or to coerce people along any particular path. My only concern is to set men absolutely, unconditionally free. Until he end of his life at the age of ninety, Krishnamurti traveled the world speaking as a private person. The rejection of all spiritual and psychological authority, including his own, is a fundamental theme. A major concern is the social structure and how it conditions the individual. The emphasis in his talks and writings is on the psychological barriers that prevent clarity of perception. In the mirror of relationship, each of us can come to understand the content of his own consciousness, which is common to all humanity. We can do this, not analytically, but directly in a manner Krishnamurti describes at length. In observing this content we discover within ourselves the division of the observer and what is observed. He points out that this division, which prevents direct perception, is the root of human conflict. His central vision did not waver after 1929, but Krishnamurti strove for the rest of his life to make his language even more simple and clear. There is a development in his exposition. From year to year he used new terms and new approaches to his subject, with different nuances. Because his subject is all embracing, the Collected Works are of compelling interest. Within his talks in any one year, Krishnamurti was not able to cover the whole range of his vision, but broad amplifications of particular themes are found throughout these volumes. In them he lays the foundations of many of the concepts he used in later years. The Collected Works containKrishnamurti`s previously published talks, discussions, answers to specific questions, and writings for the years 1933 through 1967. They are an authentic record of his teachings, taken from transcripts of verbatim shorthand reports and tape recordings. The Krishnamurti Foundation of America, a California charitable trust, has among its purposes the publication and distribution of Krishnamurti books, videocassettes, films and tape recordings. The production of the Collected Works is one of these activities.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	254	English				PHI000000
9788120832435	Collected Works of J. Krishnamurti (Vol - III):(The Mirror of Relationship)	J. Krishnamurti	Paperback	Until the end of his life at the age of ninety, Krishnamurti-the world teacher-traveled the world speaking as a private person. The rejection of all spiritual and psychological authority, including his own, is a fundamental theme. A major concern is the social structure and how it conditions the individual. The emphasis in his talks and writings is on the psychological barriers that prevent clarity of perception. Because his subject is all - embracing, the Collected Works which are in 18 Volumes, are of compelling interest. Within his talks in any one year, Krishnamurti was not able to cover the whole range of his vision, but broad amplifications of particular themes are found throughout these volumes. In them he lays the foundations of many of the concepts he used in later years. The Collected Works contain Krishnamurti's previously published talks, discussions, answers to specific questions, and writings for the years 1933 through 1967. They are anauthentic record of his teachings, taken from transcripts of verbatim shorthand reports and tape recordings. Jiddu Krishnamurti was born in 1895 of Brahmin Parents in South India. At the age of fourteen he was proclaimed the coming World Teacher by Annie Besant, then President of the Theosophical Society, an international organization that emphasized the unity of world religions. Mrs. Besant adopted the boy and took him to England, where he was educated and prepared for his coming role. In 1911 a new worldwide organization was formed with Krishnamurti as its head, solely to prepare its members for hisadvent as World Teacher. In 1929, after many years of questioning himself and the destiny imposed upon him, Krishnamurti disbanded this organization, saying: Truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect. Truth, being limitless, unconditioned, unapproachable by any path whatsoever, cannot be organized; nor should any organization be formed to lead or to coerce people along any particular path. My only concern is to set men absolutely, unconditionally free. Until he end of his life at the age of ninety, Krishnamurti traveled the world speaking as a private person. The rejection of all spiritual and psychological authority, including his own, is a fundamental theme. A major concern is the social structure and how it conditions the individual. The emphasis in his talks and writings is on the psychological barriers that prevent clarity of perception. In the mirror of relationship, each of us can come to understand the content of his own consciousness, which is common to all humanity. We can do this, not analytically, but directly in a manner Krishnamurti describes at length. In observing this content we discover within ourselves the division of the observer and what is observed. He points out that this division, which prevents direct perception, is the root of human conflict. His central vision did not waver after 1929, but Krishnamurti strove for the rest of his life to make his language even more simple and clear. There is a development in his exposition. From year to year he used new terms and new approaches to his subject, with different nuances. Because his subject is all embracing, the Collected Works are of compelling interest. Within his talks in any one year, Krishnamurti was not able to cover the whole range of his vision, but broad amplifications of particular themes are found throughout these volumes. In them he lays the foundations of many of the concepts he used in later years. The Collected Works containKrishnamurti's previously published talks, discussions, answers to specific questions, and writings for the years 1933 through 1967. They are an authentic record of his teachings, taken from transcripts of verbatim shorthand reports and tape recordings. The Krishnamurti Foundation of America, a California charitable trust, has among its purposes the publication and distribution of Krishnamurti books, videocassettes, films and tape recordings. The production of the Collected Works is one of these activities.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	267	English				PHI000000
9788120819191	The Cosmology of the Bhagavata Purana:Mysteries of the Sacred Universe	Richard L. Thompson	Hardcover	From the flat earth to the sun`s chariot traditional spiritual texts seem wedded to outmoded cosmologies that show, at best, the scientific limitations of their authors. The Bhagavata Purana, one of the classical scriptures of Hinduism, seems, at first glance, to be no exception. However, a closer examination of this text reveals unexpected depths of knowledge in ancient cosmology. This shows that the cosmology of the Bhagavata Purana is a sophisticated system, with multiple levels of meaning that encode at least four different astronomical, geographical, and spiritual world models. By viewing the text in the light of modern astronomy, Richard Thompson shows how ancient scientists expressed exact knowledge in apparently mythological terms. Comparison with the ancient traditions of Egypt and the Near East shows early cultural connections between India and these regions including a surprisingly advanced science. However, quantitative science is only part of the picture. This work also offers a clear understanding of how the spiritual dimension was integrated into ancient Indian cosmology.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	361	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833753	Devavanipravesika:An introduction to the Sanskrit Language	Robert P. Goldman/Sally J. Sutherland Goldman	Paperback	The purpose, in writing this book, is to provide a self-contained primer, workbook and reader for teaching first year Sanskrit students with no previous linguistic training. The author has tried throughout the work to introduce, explain and illustrate the most significant features of the language and through verses, quotations, and readings.<br><br>To these ends the grammar has been, in several areas, simplified to prevent the beginner from being more hampered than is absolutely necessary by relatively insignificant paradigms, rules and exceptions.<br><br>Upon completion of this course, students should have a real working knowledge of the major outlines of Sanskrit sentences with some facility and read, with the help of dictionary, approximately five to ten verses of the Valmiki Ramayana or a similar text in an hour.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	540	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832947	Devavanipravesika:An introduction to the Sanskrit Language	Robert P. Goldman/Sally J. Sutherland Goldman	Hardcover	The purpose, in writing this book, is to provide a self-contained primer, workbook and reader for teaching first year Sanskrit students with no previous linguistic training. The author has tried throughout the work to introduce, explain and illustrate the most significant features of the language and through verses, quotations, and readings.<br><br>To these ends the grammar has been, in several areas, simplified to prevent the beginner from being more hampered than is absolutely necessary by relatively insignificant paradigms, rules and exceptions.<br><br>Upon completion of this course, students should have a real working knowledge of the major outlines of Sanskrit sentences with some facility and read, with the help of dictionary, approximately five to ten verses of the Valmiki Ramayana or a similar text in an hour.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	540	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833487	Developments in Meditation and States of Consciousness:Zen-Brain Reflections	James H. Austin	Hardcover	This sequel to the widely read Zen and the Brain continues James Austin's explorations into the key interrelationships between Zen Buddhism and brain research. In Zen-Brain Reflections, Austin, a clinical neurologist, researcher, and Zen practi-tioner, examines the evolving psycho-logist, researcher, and Zen practi-tioner, examines the evolving psycho-logical processes and brain changes associated with the path of long-range meditative training. Austin draws not only on the latest neuroscience research and new neuroimaging studies but also on Zen literature and his personal experience with alternate states of consciousness.<br><br>Zen-Brain Reflections takes up where the earlier book left off. It addresses such questions as: how do placebos and acupuncture change the brain? Can neuroimaging studies localize the sites where our notions of self arise? How can the latest brain imaging methods monitor meditators more effectively? How do long years of meditative training plus brief enlightened states produce pivotal transformations in the physiology of the brain? In many chapters testable hypotheses suggest ways to correlate normal brain functions and meditative training with the phenomena of extraordinary states of consciousness.<br><br>After briefly introducing the topic of Zen and describing recent research into meditation, Austin reviews the latest studies on the amygdala, frontotemporal interactions, and paralimbic extensions of the limbic system. He then explores different states of consciousness, both the early superficial absorptions and the later, major peak experiences. This discussion begins with the states called kensho and satori and includes a fresh analysis of their several different expressions of oneness. He points beyond the still more advanced states toward that rare ongoing stage of enlightenment that is manifest as sage wisdom.<br><br>Finally, with reference to a delayed moonlight phase of kensho, Austin envisions novel links between migraines and metaphors, moonlight and mysticism. The Zen perspective on the self and consciousness is an ancient one. Readers will discover how relevant Zen is to the neurosciences and how each field can illuminate the other.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	586	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832664	Darsan:Seeing the Divine Image in India	Diana L. Eck	Paperback	The experience of the divine in India merges the three components of sight, performance, and sound. This book is about the power and importance of seeing in the Hindu religious tradition. In the Hindu view, not only must the gods keep their eyes open, but so must we, in order to make contact with them, to reap their blessings, and to know their secrets. When Hindus go to temple, their eyes meet the powerful, eternal gaze of the eyes of God. It is called Darsan, Seeing the divine image, and it is the single most common and significant element of Hindu worship. This book explores what darsan means. This is also a book about the divine image in the Hindu tradition. What do Hindus see in the images of the gods? What is meant by these multi-armed gods, with their various weapons, emblems, and animals? How are these images made and consecreted? How are they treated in a ritual context? In exploring the nature of the divine image, this book not only considers the images of the gods, but also the Hindu temple and the Hindu place of pilgrimage.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	115	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833388	Dharma:Studies in its Semantic, Cultural and Religious History	Patrick Olivelle	Hardcover	This is the first scholarly book devoted to the study of the term dharma with in the broad scope of Indian cultural and religious history. Most generalizations about Indian culture and religion upon close scrutiny turn out to be inaccurate. An exception undoubtedly is the term dharma. This term and the notions underlying it clearly constitute the most central feature of Indian civilization down the centuries, irrespective of linguistic, sectarian, or regional differences. The nineteen papers included in this collection deal with many significant historical manifestations of the term dharma. These studies by some of the leading scholars in the respective fields will both present a more nuanced picture of the semantic history of dharma by putting contours onto the flat landscape we have inherited and spur further studies of this concept so central for understanding the cultural history of the Indian subcontinent.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	487	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833340	Dictionary of Buddhism	Soka Gakkai	Hardback	Anyone reading English translations of Buddhist texts will encounter a host of names, terms, and phrases whose meanings are not clear even though they appear in English. Buddhism is famous for its specialized terminology and translation alone may not communicate its full meaning. East Asian Buddhist diction is layered with several languages -Pali, Sanskrit, Chinese, and Japanese -and the only way to make one's way through this linguistic maze without getting lost is with the aid of a good dictionary.<br><br>The Soka Gakkai Dictionary of Buddhism, a revised and expanded version of A Dictionary of Buddhist Terms and Concepts (1983), is a welcome addition that serves this purpose. Written clearly for the general reader, the Dictionary contains over 2,700 entries. While it is designed primarily for use with the Soka Gakkai's translations of Nichiren's works, the Dictionary contains a wealth of terms found in all other traditions of Buddhism. Definitions are given for technical terms, historical figures, doctrinal texts, institutions, and place names. The entries provide complete cross-references so that readers may know and further pursue meanings of term equivalents as rendered in other ways or languages. Ten appendixes provide maps and world lists that enable the reader to find terms in English, Pali, Sanskrit, Chinese, or Japanese. Like all buddhist masters, Nichiren presented his particular message in the wider context of other Buddhist teachings and practices. To know the particular, one must also understand the general context, and the Dictionary, in addressing both levels, provides essential knowledge not only for students of Nichiren Buddhism, but for anyone reading Buddhist texts.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	979	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832237	Foretelling Widowhood	Mridula Trivedi/T.P. Trivedi	Paperback	Foretelling Widowhood is the fruit of research work carried out by us during the last two decades.  A work of predictive astrology, it amalgamates a plethora of principles enshrined in various classical texts and practical study of birth charts of those who have been unfortunate enough to suffer the immeasurable grief and plight of untimely widowhood.  Untimely widowhood is the biggest tragedy that can befall a woman and is irreversible.  In olden days, widowhood in general and untimely widowhood in particular was considered an unpardonable sin and a woman had to commit Sati, that is to mount the pyre of her late husband.  Was not this inhuman?  Women would be ever grateful to Raja Ram Mohan Rai whose untiring efforts led to rooting out of this obnoxious practice.  A common belief among masses, as also amongst self-styled astrologers, is that mangati females or those females having kuja dosa in their birth charts are predisposed to suffer widowhood.  We would like to humbly opine that this belief is only partially correct.  It is not certain that females having kuja dosa will essentially undergo the miseries of marital disaster such as widowhood.  Many females, who suffered untimely widowhood, were not mangati either from ascendant, or from Moon or from Venus.  This is difinitely a wrong concept that widowhood will curse only a mangati female.  In fact, much is not known about the kuja dosa and its actual effect.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	482	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832220	Foretelling Widowhood	Mridula Trivedi/T.P. Trivedi	Hardback	Foretelling Widowhood is the fruit of research work carried out by us during the last two decades.  A work of predictive astrology, it amalgamates a plethora of principles enshrined in various classical texts and practical study of birth charts of those who have been unfortunate enough to suffer the immeasurable grief and plight of untimely widowhood.  Untimely widowhood is the biggest tragedy that can befall a woman and is irreversible.  In olden days, widowhood in general and untimely widowhood in particular was considered an unpardonable sin and a woman had to commit Sati, that is to mount the pyre of her late husband.  Was not this inhuman?  Women would be ever grateful to Raja Ram Mohan Rai whose untiring efforts led to rooting out of this obnoxious practice.  A common belief among masses, as also amongst self-styled astrologers, is that mangati females or those females having kuja dosa in their birth charts are predisposed to suffer widowhood.  We would like to humbly opine that this belief is only partially correct.  It is not certain that females having kuja dosa will essentially undergo the miseries of marital disaster such as widowhood.  Many females, who suffered untimely widowhood, were not mangati either from ascendant, or from Moon or from Venus.  This is difinitely a wrong concept that widowhood will curse only a mangati female.  In fact, much is not known about the kuja dosa and its actual effect.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	482	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833494	Encyclopedia of Indian Philosophies (Vol. 12) :Yoga: India's Philosophy of Meditation	G. J. Larson/Ramshankar Bhattacharya	Hardback	The volume traces the intellectual history of Patanjala Yoga philosophy from the early centuries of the Common Era through the twentieth century. It also provides a systematic discussions of the philosophy of classical Yoga. Particular attention is given to the meaning of concentration (Samadhi), engrossment (samapatti) and the extra-ordinary cognitive capacities (vibhutis, siddhis) and the role that these notions play in the Yoga philosophy, which are relevant for issues currently under discussion in contemporary western philosophy of mind. The volume compares and contrasts classical yoga philosophy with classical Samkhya and with Indian Buddhist thought. Although the primary focus of the volume is on Patanjala Yoga, the system of Hatha Yoga and other satellite systems of Yoga are discussed as well, and an attempt is made to differentiate clearly the classical system of Yoga Sastra from Hatha Yoga and the other satellite systems. Some twenty-eight Sanskrit texts of Patanjala. Yoga are summarized or noted in the volume. Twenty-six volumes of Hatha Yoga and the texts of some other satellite systems are also included. Altogether the volume contains summaries and or notations for some seventy-five Sanskrit texts.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	784	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833050	Freud and Philosophy:An Essay on Interpretation	Paul Ricoeur/Denis Savage	Hardback	This book originates in the Terry Lectures given at Yale University in the autumn of 1961. According to the author, this book deals with Freud and not with psychoanalysis. Secondly, this book is one not of psychology but of philosophy. The problem concerns here is the texture or structure of Freudian discourse. First, it is an epistemological problem: What is interpretation in psychoanalysis. and how is the interpretation of the signs of man interrelated with the economic explanation that claims to get at the root of desire? Second, it is a problem of reflective philosophy: What new self-understanding comes out of this interpretation of culture exclude all other? If not, what is the rule of thought by which it can be coordinated with other interpretations without falling into eclecticism? Book II, the Reading of Freud, conducted as rigorously as possible, has been kept separate from Book III, the Philosophical Interpretation. Thus the reader may treat the Analytic of Book II as a separate and self-sufficient work.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	593	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832800	Ethics in Early Buddhism	David J. Kalupahana	Hardback	Throughout the centuries, moral philosophers, both Eastern and Western, considered a permanent and eternal law a necessary requirement for the formulation of a moral principle.  If such a law was not empirically given, it had to be determined through reason.  In contrast, early Buddhism presented a radical theory of impermanence.  Interpreters of early Buddhism have been unable to abandon the presupposition of permanence, however, and hence have persisted in viewing nirvana or freedom as a permanent and eternal state to be contrasted with the impermanent world of sensory experience and bondage.  Ethics in Early Buddhism is David J. Kalupahana's balanced and brilliantly concise attempt to place the early Buddhist descriptions of the world of experience, the state of freedom, and the moral principle leading to such freedom within the framework of impermanence.  Kalupahana begins by outlining the Indian philosophical background, particularly its deontological ethics and utilitarian traditions, and proceeds to analyze the presuppositions of these moral theories.  A comprehensive description of the moral teachings of early Buddhism follows.  Kalupahana goes on to demonstrate the application of the moral principle in the explanation of society, economics, politics, law and justice, and nature.  The conclusion highlights the two most important metaphors used in early Buddhist discourse:  the stream (of freedom).	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	171	English				ZZZ000000
9788120827622	Gilles Deleuze's Difference and Repetition:A Critical Introduction and Guide	James Williams	Hardback	This is the first critical introduction to Difference and Repetition, Gilles Deleuze s most important work of philosophy and one of the most significant texts of contemporary philosophy.  In offering a critical analysis of Deleuze s methods, principles and arguments, the book enables readers to engage with the revolutionary core of Deleuze s  philosophy and take up favourable or critical positions with respect to  its most innovative and controversial ideas.  The book will also help to extend Deleuze s work to philosophers working in the analytic traditio	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	216	English				PHI026000
9788120832541	God and Science:Divine Causation and the Laws of Nature	Richard L. Thompson	Hardback	It is widely believed that there is a fundamental conflict between science and religion, and that this can be reconciled only by either drastically edition religion to agree with science or drastically doing violence to science in order to bring it into line with religion. However, the essays presented here suggest a different approach. Science and religion can cross-fertilize one another and give rise to possible fruitful ideas that might not have been thought of from the standpoint of science or religion, taken separately.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	217	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832954	Influences of Ancient Hinduism on Early Christianity	A. L. Herman	Hardback	This is a work about influences and what influences means. Following an analysis of this elusive concept, A. L. Herman presents compelling evidence that the following hypothesis is testable, defendable, and probably true: that the Indus Valley religion with its Savior-God, Siva (2500-1800 B.C.E.), significantly influenced a Greek religion with its Savior-God, Jesus of Nazareth (50-300 C.E.), such that it can be meaningfully claimed that the religion of the Indus Valley civilization probably influenced early Christianity.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	249	English				ZZZ000000
9788120820463	History of Civilizations of Central Asia (Vol. 5)	Chahryar Adle/Irfan Habib	Hardback	The volume continues the History of Central Asian Civilizations from c. 1500 to c. 1850, a period which saw the last medieval empires notably the Uzbeks, Safavids, Mughals and Dzungars, and witnessed the early impact of colonialism. Like the preceding volumes, the present one also deals with all the diverse elements of culture. It describes the last phase of nomadism as a viable system of social organization; the effects on Central Asian economies of the shift of the main lines of international trade from the Great Silk Route to the oceanic routes; the various schools of art; the last great age of classical Persian literature and the growth of Turkic literatures; and, finally, in the religious sphere, the Shi te triumph in Persia, the conversion of the Mongol peoples to Buddhism, and the rise of Sikhism. It also analyses the problem of the lag in Central Asian scientific and technological development in relation to Europe and the nature of early colonialism-notably British and Russian - in Central Asia. The conclusion sums up the main trends in Central Asian history from the sixteenth to the mid-nineteenth century.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	934	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832794	The Indian Mind:Essentials of Indian Philosophy and Culture	Charles A. Moore	Hardback	The question, according to George P. Conger, noted authority on Indian philosophy, is not so much whether India can contribute as whether the West is ready to receive.  Here, in selected essays from the proceedings of the East-West philosophers' Conferences, is an examination by world authorities of one of the oldest, richest, most complicated, and most profound philosophical traditions of all time.  The intimate relationship in Indian perspective between philosophy and life is revealed.  Common misunderstandings concerning Indian philosophy are exposed, and the marked kinship between India and the West is emphasized.  The essays which comprise this book, since they are technical in themselves and written by experts in their special areas, meet the needs of the educated reader generally, as well as the technical expert.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	458	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833456	Jaina Epistemology (Set 2 Vols.):in historical and comparative perspective	Piotr Balcerowicz	Hardback	The Nyayavatara is one of the first serious Jaina treatises on epistemology. It has been for long erroneously ascribed by tradition to Siddhasens Divakara, but now it seems certain that its author is a certain Siddhasens Mahamati, who lived circa 710/720-700/780. He enters into polemics with other-mostly Buddhist- epistemological schools and endeavours to establish a Jaina epistemological tradition of its own. Despite its importance, the work is rather secondary in the sense that it relies, for the most part, on the Buddhist logical legacy. The first extant commentary is the Nyayavatara vivrti of Siddharsiganin. Although its significance has often been under-estimated, Siddhsiganin was responsible for the subsequent development of Jaina epistemological thought to a much larger degree than it has so far been recognized. He refers to major philosophical schools of his times, e.g. to Sautrantika, Yogacara, Sunyavada, Saugata, Samkhya, Mimamsa, Naiyayika Vaisesika, Carvaka, Advaita-vedanta, the materialists, etc. The gloss (Nyayavatara-tippana) of Dvebhadrasure, which is amply quoted in the present edition, is a useful source of quotations.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	548	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832473	Jaina Studies	Colette Caillat/Nalini Balbir	Hardback	Interest for Jain studies has increased considerably in the last decades. Scholars will be thankful to the organizers of the 12th World Sanskrit Conference who, for the first time in such a conference, planned a special panel on this field. The ten papers collected in this volume show the importance, abundance and variety of topics that can be considered. Philological analysis still proves useful, whether it concentrates on one particular work or on clusters of texts. A study of the strategy of narrative and predication needs a historical approach, kavya literature lends itself to renewed and indepth interpretations. Finally the reader will observe the constant renewal of Jainism, as some new literary genre or a new sect are seen to have gained momentum in modern times.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	286	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833302	The Madhavanidana:With 'Madhukosa', the Commentary by Vijayaraksita and Srikanthadatta (Chapters 1-10)	G. J. Meulenbeld	Hardback	The work presents earliest and most important compendium on the section of Indian medicine that is traditionally called nidana, the Rogaviniscaya by Madhava, usually referred to as Madhavanidana.  Though the first work of this type to appear in the field of Sanskrit medical literature, it has remained a classic up to modern times.  Madhava set the diseases should be described.  In this he definitely improved upon the earlier samhitas, in which a restricted number of diseases is dealt with in the section.  Collecting his material from the samhitas, for the greater part at least, and selecting what was appropriate to the nature of his work and its scope, he organized the whole in a new way.  Madhava clearly met with success as reflected in the compendia written by subsequent authors.  The text of a Sanskrit medical treatise is not clear in many instances and may be interpreted in a number of ways.  The commentaries are indispensable for a correct understanding of the way in which difficult passages were explained according to tradition.  The text of the most important commentary on the Madhavanidana, the Madhukosa, is presented here in English translation	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	709	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832404	Journey Through Chakras	Ravi Ratan/Minoo Ratan	Paperback	Journey Through Chakras by Dr. Ravi & Dr. Minoo Ratan it is an illustrated guide to Chakras, their symbology, attributes and relevance there of. It also explains anatomical and physiological aspects of chakras and the role they play for our health and healthfulness. The book also deals briefly, on various tools for chakra healing and balancing, ideal for seekers and healers both. (Introduction) Chakra in Sanskrit means a wheel that spins, in Tantric context the term is used to describe the energy centers in our body. Through in ancient texts like vedas and Upanishads there is only a little written reference to the term kundalini and Chakras, as most of the knowledge, had been passed on, through Guru-shisya (disciple) lineage. In recent times the interest in Tantra had increased substantially, more so in Kundalini and Chakras. So we have proliferation of literature and Institutions providing knowledge and guidelines on Kundalini awakening and Chakra opening processes. Through this book we have tried to offer a balanced perspective of Chakras from ancient Indian spiritual and Tantric, as well as metaphysical aspects of the subject. First of all, there are people who question the very existence of Kundalini and Chakras, while some give more importance to Kundalini and may agree with the existence of Chakras, but of little importance. However, from a healer`s perspective they are more important for maintaining optimum health at any give time. Healers and alternative practitioners all over the world are using various ways to heal and balance the Chakras, in different practices they talk of different numbers and location of the Chakras. They may all be correct, from their understanding since it is all experiential and very subjective. We are all energy bodies and Chakras are considered to be the transfer points of energy. To sustain the physical body we require energy, which is received through five elements - earth (food), water, fire, air and ether, energy when consumed in one form released in another form specially from major organs in bigger clusters, viewed as Chakras. Therefore, ancient Indian texts describe seven major Chakras located in the region of the head and the torso, representing activities of our major Chakras located in the region of the head and the torso, representing activities of our major organs and glands. Evolution is a universal process, all life is evolving and man is no exception. The human being is evolving not only as an individual only but also as a race. Mooladhar is our basic and most fundamental chakra, from where our evolution begins and culminates at Sahasrara, the Crown chakra. Mooladhar or base root Chakra is located at the pelvic floor and corresponds to coccygeal plexus. In males it is located between anus and genitals while in females it is located at the posterior surface of the cervix. As the name suggests this chakra is the foundation of the physical body in realm of existence. During the process of spiritual evolution in man he goes beyond animal consciousness on to be a real human. There are certain minor Chakras from Mooladhar down to the heels, responsible for the development of animal and human instincts and intellect. This Chakra is responsible for survival and maintenance of the physical body as source of physical energy and regulates all excretory functions. Located at the lowest point of spinal column, corresponding to our sacral plexus of nerves in the public region is Swadhisthan or Sacral chakra, represents our desire center and seat of emotions. This Chakra is responsible for procreation and exchange of sexual energy and controls the unconscious in human beings. Manipura Chakra, in the naval region corresponds to Solar plexus; it controls the entire process of digestion, assimilation and temperature regulation in the body. This Chakra is also considered as the seat of EGO in human beings, as this Chakra is also responsible for the mental power and authority in all forms. The first three Chakras take care of the basic needs of all human beings, as described by renowned psychologist Abraham Maslow, in his hierarchy of needs. Only after fulfillment of basic needs man thinks of self actualization. Same way, in spiritual and tantric practices it is said that till the time we are stuck in mundane or struggling with the basic needs only, Kundalini keeps going up to third (Manipura) Chakra and returns to the Mooladhar Chakra, only when it crosses the astral bridge between Manipura and Anahat (Heart) Chakra its movement is only upwards.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	122	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832619	Mantra:Hearing the Divine In India and America	Harold G. Coward/David J. Goa	Paperback	The experience of the divine in India merges the three components of sight, performance, and sound. One in a trilogy of books that include Diana Eck's Darsan: Seeing the Divine in India, Mantra presents an introduction to the use of sound-mantra-in the practice of Indian religion. Mantra-in the form of prayers, rituals, and chants-permeates the practice of Indian religion in both temple and home settings. This book investigates the power of mantra to transform consciousness. Examining the use and theory of mantra under various religious schools, such as the Patanjali sutras and tantra, it includes references to Hindu, Sikh, Sufi, Muslim, and Buddhist traditions. This second edition adds new sections on the use of sacred sound in Hindu and Sikh North American diaspora communities and on the North American non-Indian practice of yoga and mantra.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	123	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832862	Kalatattvakosa:A Lexicon of Fundamental Concepts of the Indian Arts:Vol. 6 Appearance/Symbolic Form Abhasa	Sukumar Chattopadhyay/Narasingha Charan Panda/Kapila Vatsyayan	Hardback	Kalatattvakosa series of the Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts has endeavoured to evolve an important modern device to grasp the essential thought and knowledge system of the Indian artistic and cultural tradition. Through an indepth investigation into the primary sources of various Indological disciplines, the series aims at facilitating the reader to comprehend the interdisciplinary approach of Indological and arthistorical research. The present volume: Abhasa (Appearance/Symbolic form) is the sixth manifestation of the series devoted to key concepts of Indian art and deals with the abstract or symbolic forms containing closely related eitht terms where the basic concept of abhasa, appearance or seemliness or reflection is inherent. Abhasa helps to realise the structure even in the field of symbolic or invizsible form. This volume contains eight articles on the following concepts abhasa, Sadrsya-sarupya, anukarana/ anukrti/ anukirtana, chaya, bimbapratibimba, linga, pada and vrttiriti.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	459	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833678	A Metaphorical Study of Saundarananda	Linda Covill	Hardback	This book is an exploration of the metaphors that underpin Buddhism as a religious and cultural system. A focal point for the exploration is provided by the enchanting and richly metaphorical Sanskrit text, the Saundarananda, by the Buddhist monk and poet Asvaghosa. The poet uses fundamental metaphors such as the Buddha as a physician or the Dharma as a path, as well as less familiar conceptual superimpositions such as the parallel between meditation and gold refining, to structure the poem and to guide the reader through the different stages of his hero's conversion. Drawing on her wide knowledge of literary criticism, cognitive linguistics, Sanskrit literature and Buddhist thought, Linda Covill provides a sensitive and thorough analysis of Asvaghosa's metaphorical genius and a convincing account of the conceptual metaphors of Buddhism.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	303	English				REL000000
9788120832466	Mathematics and Medicine in Sanskrit	Dominik Wujastyk	Hardback	The chapters in this volume were originally presented in the panels on Scientific Literature at the 12th World Sanskrit Conference in Helsinki, Finland. They represent some of the most up-to-date scholarship on the history of early science in India being done today. The first part of the book focusses on the history of mathematical commentaries and the role of illustration in sanskrit mathematical manuscripts. The second part of the book investigates fundamental ayurvedic theories, ayurvedic rites for childbirth, the cultural history of medicine in the Early Modern period, the anthropology of spirit of one of the oldest surviving ayurvedic texts.<br><br>This book will be of interest to historians of science, students of classical Indian history and culture, and anyone wanting to know where the cutting edge of the history of early Indian science is today.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	208	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832602	Nagarjuna in Context:Mahayana Buddhism and Early Indian Culture	Joseph Walser	Hardback	Nagarjuna, one of India's greatest philosophers, is the most influential thinker in the Mahayana Buddhist tradition. While his philosophy has been the subject of numerous studies and translations, Joseph Walser provides the first examination of Nagarjuna's life and writings within the social, religious, and institutional contexts of the early history of Buddhism. Walser locates Nagarjuna's second century writings at a critical juncture in the development and spread of Mahayana Buddhism. At this time, Mahayanist writings and teachings were regarded with great suspicion, and its followers were subject to legal censure. Walser explores how Nagarjuna's writings, including his most famous works, The Jeweled Garland and Foundational Stanzas, established a connection between the authority of the existing Buddhist canon and Mahayana teachings. In doing so, Nagarjuna was able to demonstrate the legality of Mahayana interpretation within the strictures of Buddhist monastic law. This established a place for Mahayana in the Buddhist tradition and insured the reproduction and transmission of the sect's central texts. Walser's analysis draws on close readings of Nagarjuna's texts, particularly their treatment of the three baskets of the Buddhist canon: Vinaya (Buddhist monastic law), Sutra (the sermons of the Buddha), and Abhidharma (Buddhist sectarian treatises). Walser also examines how the philosopher forged alliances with the laity and other Buddhist sects alliances that proved pivotal in insuring the survival of Mahayana teachings. In addition to his analysis of Nagarjuna's writings, Walser explores a range of Buddhist and non-Buddhist sources, as well as art historical and epigraphic evidence to offer a creative and original contribution to the understanding of Nagarjuna and the early history of Buddhism.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	369	English				ZZZ000000
9788120829466	Meeting the Buddhas:A Guide to Buddhas, Bodhisattvas and Tantric Deities	Vassantara	Hardback		2007	Motilal Banarsidass	356	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832084	Old and New Perspectives on South Asian Languages Grammar and Semantics	Colin P. Masica	Hardback	This volume represents a good sample of current scholarship on South Asian languages, historical, descriptive, and typological. It includes material pertaining to most of the linguistic stocks of South Asia (Indo-Aryan, Dravidian, Munda, Tibeto-Burman, even Burushaski-along with important comparisons with some of those outside it) - by contributors from six different countries. It grew out of an international contributors from six different countries. It grew out of an international conference on South Asian languages held in Moscow in July 2003.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	357	English				ZZZ000000
9788171325559	Text Book of Biotechnology	Preeti Gupta	Hardback	Biotechnology has enormous potential in health care.  It promises to provide novel treatment and better therapies for various diseases, the felicitation of drug development through new technologies, assays and models, new diagnostic tools for early detection of diseases.  Biotechnology also has the potential to improve the efficiency of agriculture and to allow sustainable development.  There is no shortage of books on biotechnology but this book stands out through its simple, easy to understand, fully illustrated subject matter.  The book is divided into 15 chapters.  The contents include:  Concepts of Genes, Eugenics, Introduction to Biotechnology, Major areas of Biotechnology, Vectors,   Basic Concepts of Cell and Tissue Culture, Animal Cell Hybridoma Technology, Somatic Hybridization, Recombinant DNA, Microbes and Genetic Engineering, Cloning, Biotechnology in Medicine, Environment Biotechnology, Food, Drink and Dairy Biotechnology.  This book will be useful for undergraduate and postgraduate students of various branches of Zoology, Botany, Biotechnology, Microbiology, Pharmaceutical Chemistry and Agricultural Science.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	356	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833418	Phaldeepika (Bhavartha Bodhini)	Gopesh Kumar Ojha,Ashutosh Ojha	Paperback	This is one of the best books on Predictive Astrology. It includes the essence of Parashar, Jaimini and many more masters. Four hundred and fifty Yogas of Bhavartha Ratnakar of Shri Ramanuja have been added to befit the title Phaldeepika; Bhavartha Bodhini. The 28 chapters in the book cover various topics: the characteristics, house divisions, strength of planets, career, various yogas, raja yogas, marriage, children, longevity, periodic influence of planets, the effect of transits and ashtakvargas. The 11th chapter exclusively deals with the nativity of women; the 22nd chapter gives the interpretations and calculation of the kalachakra dashas. This english edition also includes many horoscopes, tables and a glossary of sanskrit and hindi words. The language is easy to understand and even the beginners after studying this book for a few months will be able to arrive at the right interpretations and timing of events.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	672	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833401	Phaldeepika (Bhavartha Bodhini)	Gopesh Kumar Ojha,Ashutosh Ojha	Hardback	This is one of the best books on Predictive Astrology. It includes the essence of Parashar, Jaimini and many more masters. Four hundred and fifty Yogas of Bhavartha Ratnakar of Shri Ramanuja have been added to befit the title Phaldeepika; Bhavartha Bodhini. The 28 chapters in the book cover various topics: the characteristics, house divisions, strength of planets, career, various yogas, raja yogas, marriage, children, longevity, periodic influence of planets, the effect of transits and ashtakvargas. The 11th chapter exclusively deals with the nativity of women; the 22nd chapter gives the interpretations and calculation of the kalachakra dashas. This english edition also includes many horoscopes, tables and a glossary of sanskrit and hindi words. The language is easy to understand and even the beginners after studying this book for a few months will be able to arrive at the right interpretations and timing of events.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	672	English				ZZZ000000
8798120833296	Quest for Truth	Nithiya Kalyani	Paperback	Essentially the work is a compilation of Vimalaji s letters written to the author who had the opportunity to live with her and witness the rhythmic, pure, meditative life dedicated for the well being of the nations. Vimalaji s approach in dealing with the author   sadhaka is an education for all f us, in itself, indeed a practical education. An approach dealing with the particular mind-set of the aspirant but without the imposition of authority. The letters, here, are arranged chronologically and have been assigned fitting titles which are quite expressive of the contents, beneficial to every spiritual aspirant. Most of the letters are in Vmalaji s handwriting, giving it a feeling of closeness. They pierce the psyche of the readers, illumining our understanding and incisively and persuasively teach that the spiritual and eternal is to be prized above the material and transitory.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	133	English				ZZZ000000
9788120831803	The Philosophy of Visistadvaita Vedanta:A Study Based on Vedanta Desika's Adhikarana-Saravali	S. M. S. Chari	Hardback	The school of Vedanta designated as Visistadvaita was expounded by Sri Ramanuja in the classic Sri-Bhasya, which were developed by Sri Vedanta Desika in his two philosophical treatises titled Tattva-mukta-kalapa and Adhikarana-saravali.  This scholarly work of Dr. S.M.S. Chari deals with the Adhikarana saravali.  The variety of theories related to Vedanta which are discussed in the 156 Adhikaranas of the Vedanta-sutras are consolidated and presented in a sequential order under five major headings: the doctrine of Brahman, the doctrine of universe and Brahman, the doctrine of sadhana and the doctrine of Paramapurusartha.  In the concluding chapter on General Evaluation, Dr. Chari discusses dispassionately the differing views of Samkara, Ramanuja and Madhva on the fundamental controversial theories of Vedanta.  This volume along with the author's other books on Vedanta would be invaluable for a fuller understanding of Visistadvaita in all its aspects.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	397	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832985	Ramana Maharshi's Philosophy of Existence and Modern Science:The Convergence in their Vision of Reality	J. Sithamparanathan	Paperback	This book will be of profound interest to readers who are in search of a philosophy of life beyond empty materialism, and to those who seek to base their religious faith on a scientific and rational foundation. The in-depth treatment of the convergence between the vision of Reality emerging from modern scientific research and the vision of reality revealed by the mystics and sages from ancient times will convince all rational readers that there is now no conflict between science and true spirituality. The book has special significance in the modern world where the secular and the spiritual need to be balanced, both at the personal as well as the national level, if peace, fulfillment and harmony are to prevail. Its non-controversial vision of Reality can also serve to meet the need to unify and harmonize the different religions another need of the hour.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	212	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832923	Plant Lives:Borderline Beings in Indian Traditions	Ellison Banks Findly	Hardback	This book examines, for the first time, those threads in Indian thought that present a prolife view of plants.  Using texts from Vedic, Hindu, Jain, and Buddhist traditions, the author argues that there is strong support in early materials that plants are thought to be alive, to be sentient (and have the one sense of touch), to feel pleasure and pain, to have an interior consciousness, and to be bearers of karma.  Moreover, while plants are traditionally thought to be of tamasic quality with their immobility and dullness, they are sometimes described as sattvic, with their calmness, even mindedness, and service to others.  In fact, the author argues, plants are frequently used to provide a model for the practiced ascetic-in that they bend but don't break with the wind, aren't distracted when buzzed by a mosquito, and flourish in their steadfastness.  Given the theoretical discussion of plants within the range of sentient being, the book then focus on the intimate life humans have with plants.  Texts devoted to botany, medicine, law, art, literature, and religion, for example, depict human conversation with trees, humans marrying trees, and humans delineating their responsibilities for the well being of plants in the greatest detail.  Most difficult is the problem of eating, and in that ahimsa or non-violence towards plants would be the ideal in the extreme, vegetarianism shows up the compromise that is made once plants are brought into the sentient realm.  Finally, the author explores the founding premises of several current environmental leaders and movements in India that focus on plants - e.g., tree protection, tree planting, seed saving, biodiversity - to examine whether contemporary plant-oriented ecological activism in India reflects older, traditional ideas about plants.  Asking whether new Hindu, Jain, or Buddhist movements reflect respective older ideas, the author finds that contemporary Indian practices remain, on the whole, authentic reflections of their older roots.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	617	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832626	Rasa:Performing the Divine in India	Susan L. Schwartz	Paperback	While many people outside India find the images, sounds, and practices of Indian performing arts compelling and endeavor to incorporate them into the global repertoire, few are aware of the central role of religious belief and practice in Indian aesthetics.  Completing the trilogy that includes Darsan:  Seeing the Divine in India and Mantra: Hearing the Divine in India and America, this volume focuses on how rasa has been applied in a range of Indian performance traditions.<br><br>Rasa is taste, essence, flavor, How is it possible that a word used to describe a delicious masala can also be used to critique a Bharata Natyam performance? Rasa expresses the primary goals of performing arts in India in all the major literary, philosophical, and aesthetic texts, and it provides the cornerstone of the oral traditions of transmission.  It is also essential to the study and production of sculpture, architecture, and painting.  Yet its primary referent is cuisine.  This book articulates the religious sensibility underlying the traditional performing arts as well as other applications of rasa and examines the relationships between the arts and religion in India today.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	118	English				PER000000
9788120831391	Relics of the Buddha	John S. Strong	Hardback	Buddhism is popularly seen as a religion stressing the truth of impermanence. How, then, to account for the long-standing veneration, in Asian Buddhist communities, of bone fragments, hair, teeth and other bodily bits said to come from the historic Buddha? Early European and American scholars of religion, influenced by a characteristic Protestant bias against relic worship, declared such practices to be superstitious and fraudulent, and far from the true essence of Buddhism. John Strong`s Book, by contrast, argues that relic veneration has played a serious and integral role in Buddhist traditions in south and Southeast Asia and that it is in no way foreign to Buddhism. The book is structured around the life story of the Buddha, starting with traditions about relics of previous buddhas and relics from the past lives of the Buddha Sakyamuni. It then considers the death of the Buddha, the collection of his bodily relics after his cremation, and stories of their spread to different parts of Asia. The Book ends with a consideration of the legend of the future parinirvana (extinction) of the relics prior to the advent of the next Buddha, Maitreya. Throughout, the author does not hesitate to explore the many versions of these legends and to relate them to their ritual, doctrinal, artistic, and social contexts. In 1561, an interesting ceremony ing a military operation in Sri Lanka, Portuguese troops had captured what local idolaters (i.e., Buddhists) claimed was the tooth of the Buddha, and had delivered it as a prize to their viceroy, Don Constantino da Braganca. The viceroy had hoped to hold it for ransom, but now the archbishop of Goa, Don Gaspar, was insisting that it be destroyed. On a porch overlooking the river, in the presence of a great crowd of Christians and pagans, he called for the tooth and placed it in a mortar, and with his own hand reduced it to powder, and cast the pieces into a brazier which stood ready for the purpose; after which the ashes and the charcoal together were cast into the river, in sight of all those who were crowding the verandahs and windows which looked upon the water (Tennent 1859, 2:215. See also chapter 7 in this book). As benighted as such an action may seem to us today, it can at least be said that the Portuguese archbishop appreciated the nature of relics. Conscious of the power of holy objects from his own tradition, he felt that the tooth had to be utterly and permanently eradicated. In his mind, this was not just a piece of bone that he was destroying but a relic of the devil (reliquia do demonio) something alive that had to be killed (Tennent 1859, 2:214; text in De Couto 1783, 17:429) Rather different were the attitudes of some of Don Gaspar`s Protestant contemporaries in Europe. John Calvin, to my knowledge, never said anything about Buddhist relics, but in 1543 he wrote a whole treatise on Roman Catholic ones (Calvin 1970). And although he too, given the chance, would probably have crushed the Buddha`s tooth to bits, he would have done so for different reasons. For him, relics embodied no sacred or even demonic presence, and it was wrong and exploitative to pretend that they did. Relics were nothing but material things, as he pointed out when he got rid of what had been two of Geneva`s prized relics-the arm of Saint Anthony and the brain of Saint peter; the one, he proclaimed, was but the bone of a stag, and the other a piece of pumice (Calvin 1970:53)	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	290	English				ZZZ000000
9788185503134	Srngaraprakasa (Sahitya Prakasa) By Bhojaraja	Rewprasad Dwivedi	Hardback	The Srngaraprakasa (SP) of Bhoja Paramara bears an encyclopedic and Agamic nature of Indian aesthetics unlike Dhvani School.  It follows  the canon of Agnipurana, the only source of the aesthetic Agama.  Called  otherwise Sahityaprakasa it is the exponent of deepest thoughts on human ego termed as Srnga, in 36 chapters, composed in 1005-1062 AD. This is the first treatise which bears the credit of presenting the theory of Sahitya alongwith all its 12 components in Sanskrit poetics followed by Sahityamimamsa, Bhavaprakasana & Camatkaracandrika.  This is the work which gives importance to the term Alamkara in its widest sense covering all the poetic devices like Rasa etc.  All the poetic experiences are one and the literary taste evolves in the ego of a cultured spectator called Sahrdaya.  In this way ego alone is able to be called as rasa and therefore is common for all its varieties.  A comprehensive theory of the experience of aesthetic beauty is the main subject of SP.  This is the first critical edition of SP with 2068 pages in almost two equal volumes with text printed in 1630 pages and remaining 438 pages Introduction, subject-index and various appendices.  Necessary corrections have been made in Prakrit-Gathas & the text printed in earlier editions.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	2148	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833395	The Shape of Ancient Thought:Comparative Studies in Greek and Indian Philosophies	Thomas McEvilley	Hardback	This unparalleled comparative study of early Eastern and Western philosophy challenges every existing belief about the philosophical foundations of Western civilization.  Spanning thirty years of intense intellectual inquiry and research, the author proves what many scholars before him have sensed but couldn't empirically explain: that the seemingly autonomous and separate metaphysical schemes of Greek and Indian cultures have mutually influenced each other over a long period of time, to the point that today's Western world must be considered the product of both Eastern and Western thought.  The author's groundbreaking research systematically unveils striking similarities between the early metaphysical ideas central to Eastern and Western philosophies.  Thomas McEvilley explores the key philosophical paradigms of these cultures, such as monism, the doctrine of reincarnation in India and Egypt, and early pluralism in Greece and India, to show how trade, imperialism, and migration currents have allowed these ideas to circulate and intermingle freely throughout India, Greece, and the Near East.  This sweeping inter-disciplinary study will captivate students and scholars of philosophy, cultural studies, and classics, who will find that their field has been put on an entirely new footing.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	731	English				ZZZ000000
9788120831988	Global Philosophical and Ecological Concepts (2 Vols):Cycles, Causality, Ecology and Evolution in Various Traditions and their Impact on Modern Biology:Vol. 1: Cycles, Causality Ecology  Vol. 2: Evolution & Appendices	Rudi Jansma	Hardback	We live in a time when humanity itself has become an ecological and evolutionary problem for the earth rather than a participating friend. At the same time we live in a unique epoch where many cultures of past and present come together, intermingle and fructify each other.<br><br>The concepts of cycles in nature, causality, hierarchical relationship, ecology and evolution are discussed from the angle of a select number of high cultures which determine our views and attitudes. This work is a selected presentation of important expressions concerning these concepts found in the cultures under study, their contrast with general occidental scientific thinking, and speculation about what may be the outcome of the blending of the heritage of the ages. At the end of the book, recorded interviews based on 20 questions with representative personalities in India, America and Europe have been printed in full.<br><br>The study is carried out in full and equal respect for all human thinking, and it values the achievements for the great minds of all cultures under study on the same level. It is the conviction of the author that, running through the garland of multicolored beads which make up the totality of human evolution, is the thread called truth, and that despite the differences in approach, truth is what everyone is yearning for.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	467	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832572	Sri Babaji:Immortal Yogi of the Himalayas	Romola Butalia	Paperback	Does Sri Gorakshanath's shakti manifest through different human forms?  Is this Lord Shiva's manifestation?  Is Mahavatar Baba the manifestation of the collective divinity of Himalayan saints and siddhas?  Did Ashwasthama of the Mahabharat manifest through Hairakhan Babaji?  Has Hairakhan Baba taken birth in human form?  Or entered the body of any yogi through shakti diksha or kaya pravesh?  Has this divine personality taken different forms while remaining immersed in samadhi and maintaining a singular identity?  What do the saints of the Himalayas have to say about this?  What is the current thought and acceptance in yogic and philosophical terms?  To answer these questions.  I underlook an indefinable journey the journey of life.  I visited innumerable sacred places, met many great saints and sages, both known and unknown.  We can join the dots in retrospect, but looking ahead, the future remains unknown until we have realised that the future itself is in the past.  This book has been written as a broad-based search.  The writer, Romola Butalia, given the name of Sriji at the Kumbha in Ujjain, has made incalculable effort through varied and often difficult terrain, visiting many ancient sacred temples, teerth sthans or places of pilgrimage and tapasya sthals where tapasya or austerities have been performed.  It is written from anubhuti or experience, with bhav or devotion and from the heart, while still remaining an analytical study. 'Jaki rahin bhavna jaisi, Prabhu murat dekhi tin taisi'  (According to our devotion will be our experience)  Direct experience is not measurable and remains inexplicable.  Even at a sacred place, all will not experience the same energy.  It is directly connected to the individual's vibrations and his bhav.  For one without purity of purpose it can, at best, be a pleasurable experience; a change from his usual state of mind, nothing more.  The mind that moves will continue to move.  It may be stilled momentarily, but the effects will not be lasting, the memory will be merely of the pleasant, it will not have a transformational impact	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	188	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833449	A Survey of Buddhist Thought	Alfred Scheepers	Paperback	Alfred Scheepers' overview of Buddhist thought ranging from its inception to its spread into the Far East is easily one of the most comprehensive contemporary works on the subject. And I say this despite the presence of a host of hefty tomes on the subject lying on my desk. - The Quarterly Review of Books, Bombay, June 2000. I have been a life-long student of philosophy but still new to Buddhist thought. Been searching for a comprehensive work that would be both wide-ranging and yet focused on the finer epistemology of Buddhist teachings. Well folks, this book fit the bill!	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	312	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832114	Vedic Mathematics for All Ages:A Beginners Guide,16 Sutras for Mental Calculations Easily Explained Formulae with Practice Exercises	Vandana Singhal	Hardback	The author has attempted to codify several useful results embedded in the ancient lore, in a form which is easily accessible to the children learning mathematics.  Many of the chapters deal with computations using simple techniques which will shorten the effort involved in the conventional approach.  The price one pays, of course, is that one has to learn the tricks, memorize them and use the appropriate one for each problem.  While one might think that this takes away the generality of the modern approach, it certainly has the element of charm and intrigue which children [and grown-ups!] will find entertaining.  Even working out why many of these approaches lead to correct results is a valuable exercise by itself.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	297	English				MAT000000
9788120832787	Tibetan Renaissance	Ronald M. Davidson	Hardback	How did a society on the edge of collapse and dominated by wandering bands of armed men give way to  a vibrant Buddhist culture, led by yogins and scholars?  Ronald M. Davidson explores how the translation and spread of esoteric Buddhist texts dramatically shaped Tibetan society and led to its rise as the center of Buddhist culture throughout Asia, replacing Indiia as the perceived source of religious ideology and tradition.<br><br>During the  Tibetan Renaissance (950-1200 C.E.), monks and yogins translated an enormous number of Indian Buddhist texts.  They employed the evolving literature and practices of  esoteric Buddhism as the basis to reconstruct Tibetan religious cultural, and political institutions.  Many translators achieved the de facto status of feudal lords and while not always loyal to their Buddhist vows, these figures helped solidify political power in the hands of religious authorities and began a process that led to the Dalai Lama's theocracy.  Davidson's vivid portraits of the monks, priests, popular preachers, yogins, and aristocratic clans who changed Tibetan society and culture further enhance his perspectives on the tensions and transformations that characterized medieval Tibet.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	596	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832701	Vedic Physics:Towards Unification of Quantum Mechanics & General Relat	Keshav Dev Verma	Paperback	Although difficult to comprehend in the first reading, both to the people in the east and west trained in the modern methods of learning, this book leaves an undeliable marks and impressions that linger and recycle in the mind suggesting that there is something unique and novel that needs to be pursued. The book lays down an alternative original framework and template for enquiry of human mind. The framework is generic based on the Sankhya philosophy and school of thought. It elaborates on the fundamental notions such as (Prakriti, Mahat, Ahankar, Rita and Satya, Bramha and Prajapatis, the universe creation, sphota, tanmatras, panch mahabhutas, purush, yagna, kala, pralaya etc) and endeavours sometimes unnecessarily labours to link them to what we butk now in modern physics. In its own right, the framework is sufficiently exciting to be pursued to eventful conclusion. The framework is far more than encompassing the physics alone. Modern physics, as we understand, deals with matter, at all locations, and in all its aspects including its state, composition, characterization, properties such as magnetic, electric etc, energy states levels and forms, evolution and transformation, motion and dynamics interactions and force fields and so on so forth. The basic settings, as assumed and occasionally verified, allow to sometimes build exacting relationships between cause and effect, while for some others the relationships are at best approximate and for yet others the situations could even be paradoxical. Conventional approach understands this as events occur at all possible length and time scales and according as their importance contributes to the net outcome. Integrating the chain of such events together spanning a range of scales as wide as 10-12 to 1012 has always been a problem. The curse of dimensionality and presence of nonlinearity may as well be the creation of our own basic premises and perception. The question is: Can the alternative approach propounded here pave the way? If so-how does one quantify the causal relation and predictability? Shri. K. D. Verma, the author, has laid down the foundations using an unobstructing and free flowing language. I am sure this will excite the nascent minds to take it further. The type set is free of trivial errors and the book-even, if not understood clearly by all uninitiated person like me, is certainly a pleasure to read. It compels one to continue to think.   Dr. B D Kulkarni, Director, National Chemical Laboratory, Pune.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	263	English				ZZZ000000
9788120831438	Twentieth-Century Analytic Philosophy	Avrum Stroll	Hardback	Analytic philosophy is difficult to define it is not so much a specific doctrine as a loose concatenation of approaches to problems. As well as having strong ties to scientism - the notion that only the methods of the natural sciences give rise to knowledge it also has humanistic ties to the great thinkers and philosophical problems of the past. Moreover, no single feature characterizes the activities of analytic philosophers. Undaunted by these difficulties, Avrum Stroll investigates the family resemblances between that impressive breed of thinkers known as analytic philosophers. In so doing, he grapples with the point and purpose of doing philosophy: What is philosophy? What are its tasks? What kind of information, illumination, and understanding is it supposed to provide if it is not one of the natural sciences? Inbued with clarity, liveliness, and philosophical sophistication, Stroll`s book presents a synoptic picture of the maindevelopments in logic, philosophy of language, epistemology, and metaphysics in the past century. It does this by concentrating on the individual thinkers whose ideas have been most influential. Major themes in Twentieth-Century Analytic Philosophy include:<br>* the innovation of mathematical logic by Gottlob Frege at the close of the nineteenth century and its independent development by Bertrand Russell;<br>* the impact of advancements in science on the world of philosophy and its importance for understanding such doctrines as logical positivism, philosophy of language, philosophy of mind, and eliminative materialism;<br>* the refusal by such thinkers as Wittgenstein, Moore, and Austin to treat logic as an ideal language superior to natural languages; and<br>* a conjecture about which, if any, of the philosophers discussed in the book will enter the pantheon of philosophical gods.<br>Along the way, Stroll also examines the theories of Rudolf Carnap, W.V.O. Quine, Gilbert Ryle, J. L. Austin, Hilary Putnam, Saul Kripke, John Searle, Ruth Marcus, Patricia and Paul Churchland.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	302	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832718	The Word Speaks to the Faustian Man ( VOLS-5 IN 2 PTS):A translation and interpretation of the Prasthanatray and Sankara's Bhasya for the participation of contemporary man(Wisdom of Sankara Series)	Som Raj Gupta	Hardback	The Brhadaranyaka, the Great Forest, Upanisad is the revelation of the forest in the forest. For that is the truth about our life, the forest, where we find ourselves lost, with no hope of escape from the labyrinth that it is. We live in death and for death, that condition of our being. Can we ever imagine our life except as linked to death, linked in terms of struggle against it, struggle that we wage in vain? We are because death is, our life is a mere celebration of it. To it are we eternally wedded, to this sleep the eternal. As long as we do not perceive this truth about our life, as long as we do not join this celebration our life remains barren and a choking. And a chaos and confusion. In being this confusion and chaos lies our enlightenment, in being dead in life lies our immortality. This is all this Upanisad teaches us; in its denial of all that we are and know lies the true affirmation of our truth and being. Volume 5 (in its two parts) brings to conclusion the author's contemplation of the revelatory part of the Prasthanatrayi. It has been a long a absorbing contemplation for him, elevating and ecstatic. It is hoped that the same spirit of elevation and ecstatic. It is hoped that the same spirit of elevation and ecstasy will accompany his contemplation of the Bhagavadgita and the Brahmasutras and that thoughtful minds will value that contemplation as they have valued that contemplation as they have valued his contemplation of the Upanisads.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	1333	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833517	The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali	Swami Venkatesananda	Paperback	There are many spiritually elevated people in the world, but not many levitating yogis: and The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali are meant to elevate the spirit of every man, not to teach him how to levitate. This is clearly the gospel of enlightened living, neigher an escape from life nor a hallucinatory 'light'. The attempt in this little book has been to expose that gospel, to avoid technicalities, and to relate the whole yoga philosophy to the ordinary and simple daily life of everyone. There are many excellent translations of the Sutras: this, however, is an interpretative translation. There are several scholarly and erudite commentaries, too: this is definitely not one of them. This book is not meant for the research scholar but for one who is in search of truth which shall free him from self-ignorance.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	392	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832688	Tarksamgraha:Swopagya - Dipika Sahit	Kanshi Ram,Sandhya Rathore	Paperback	Kanshi Ram, Feb. 2007, till the retirement in the Hans Raj College were busy with sanskrit teaching. Sandhya Rathore is the Sr. Lecturer of Sanskrit in deptt. of Sanskrit in Hans Raj College.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	284	English				PHI000000
9788120831858	Pingal Devayan (Vol. 4)Vishnu Kalpa (Vol. 1)	Hazari	Hardback	By the eleventh century a.d. Hinayana flourished in Ceylon, Burma, Siam and Cambodia; Mystic Buddhism developed in Tibet; Mahayana grew in China. In Japan the whole of Buddhism became the living and active faith of the mass of the people. The present study relates to Japanese Buddhism, as in Japan alone the whole of Buddhism has been preserved. The author presents Buddhist Philosophy in an ideological sequence, but it is not the sequence in the development of ideas; it is rather the systematization of the different schools of thought for the purpose of easier approach. Divided into fifteen chapters, the book deals with different schools of Buddhist Philosophy. The author has grouped these schools under two heads: (1) the schools of Negative Rationalism, i.e. the Religion of Dialectic Investigation, and (2) the schools of Introspective Intuitionism, i.e. the Religion of Meditative Experience. The author treats these schools in most scientific and elaborate way.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	1000	English				ZZZ000000
9788120832442	Jyotish Aur Hum	Ashutosh Ojha	Paperback	(Romanised in English): Prachine kal se jyotish vidhya n kewal Bharat balki Misra, Chine, Unan, Paras etc. anek desho main viksit hui hai. Vedo main iska varnan hai aur yeh vedo ka netra kehlata hai, ojhaji ne atyant saral bhasha main is prakar likha hai ki aap badi aasani se apne aur apne priyajano ke bhoot, bhavishya, aur vartman ke utar-chadhavo ko jaan sakte hai. Anukul samay main naye naye karya karke safalta prapt kar sakte hai falit jyotish ki pustakon main yeh ek atoot kadi hai. Pustak darjano janm-kundliyo se sajjit hai.	2007	Motilal Banarsidass	143	Hindi				ZZZ000000
9788120827592	Baudh Sahitya main Bharatiya Samaj	Parmanand Singh	Paperback		2008	Motilal Banarsidass	245	English				REL000000
9788120827585	Baudh Sahitya main Bharatiya Samaj	Parmanand Singh	Hardback		2008	Motilal Banarsidass	245	Hindi				REL000000
9788120833531	Hathayoga - Sabhi ke liye:Hatha Yoga for All	Rajeshwari Raman	Paperback	Hatha Yoga for All is the result of tragedy, of experience. The author Smt. Rajeshwari Raman lost her 27-year-old son when he was on the threshold of a brilliant career. She bore the blow gracefully through Yoga.<br><br>Smt. Raman s experience of successfully curing many hopless cases   of mental, nervous, physical and psychic diseases through the principle of Yoga goes into this book.<br><br>She tells you just what is necessary for you. In simple easy lesson: What yoga is and how it fits into today s fast-paced life.<br><br>This book outlines the basics of Hatha Yoga in simple language and is an easy-to-use guide for both the healthy and sick beginners.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	136	Hindi				ZZZ000000
9788120833562	Vivah Vimarsh:Vivah Samay : Sangyan Sutra	Mridula Trivedi/T.P. Trivedi	Paperback		2008	Motilal Banarsidass	423	English				ZZZ000000
9788120833722	Deity and Spirit Possession in South Asia	Frederick M. Smith	Hardback	This book, winner of CHOICE outstanding Academic Title Award 2007, is a multifaceted, diachronic study reconsidering the very nature of religion in South Asia, the culmination of years of intensive research. Frederick M. Smith proposes that positive oracular or ecstatic possession is the most common form of spiritual expression in India, and that it has been linguistically distinguished from negative, disease-producing possession for thousands of years.<br><br>In South Asia possession has always been broader and more diverse than in the West, where it has been utmost entirely characterized as  demonic.  At best, spirit possession has been regarded as a medically treatable psychological ailment and at worst, as a condition that requires exorcism or punishment. In South (and East) Asia, ecstatic or oracular possession has been widely practiced throughout history, occupying a position of respect in early and recent Hinduism and in certain forms of Buddhism.<br><br>Smith analyzes Indic literature from all ages the earliest Vedic texts; the Mahabharata; Buddhist, Jain, yogic, Ayurvedic, and Tantric texts; Hindu devotional literature; Sanskrit drama and narrative literatures; and more than a hundred ethnographies. He identifies several forms of possession including festival, initiatory, oracular, and devotional, and demonstrates their multivocality within a wide range of sects and religious identities.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	701	English				REL033000
9788120833654	The Roots of Reference:The Paul Carus Lectures	W. V. Quine	Hardback	Arranged in three parts the specific concern of this work is reference to concrete and abstract objects: what such reference consists in, and how we achieve it.<br><br>Part I is a statement of general psychological presumptions regarding perception and learning. The under-lying notions of cause and disposition are examined in a philosophical spirit.<br><br>Part II comes firmly to grips with the nature of reification and reference. Stages of reification - rudimentary to full-fledged  are sorted out. The full phase is heralded by the use of the relative clause with its relative pronoun and subsidiary pronouns. It is these pronouns that recur in logical notation as the bound variables of quantification.<br><br>Part III concludes with a conjectural sketch of the development of reification in the race and the individual.	2008	Motilal Banarsidass	151	English				ZZZ000000
