9780803962972	Going against the grain,supporting the student-centered teacher	Elizabeth Aaronsohn		Teachers who want to develop a meaningful curriculum, requiring students to develop problem-solving skills and pursue their individual interests, often face criticism from colleagues with traditional teaching styles. Through a rich case study, Elizabeth Aaronsohn illustrates the difficulties of becoming a student-centred teacher within a traditional school which conforms to teacher- or content-centred education. She argues that student-centred teaching ought to become the norm in schools.	1996-01-23	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803962989	Going against the grain,supporting the student-centered teacher	Elizabeth Aaronsohn		Teachers who want to develop a meaningful curriculum, requiring students to develop problem-solving skills and pursue their individual interests, often face criticism from colleagues with traditional teaching styles. Through a rich case study, Elizabeth Aaronsohn illustrates the difficulties of becoming a student-centred teacher within a traditional school which conforms to teacher- or content-centred education. She argues that student-centred teaching ought to become the norm in schools.	1996-01-23	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803975934	Truth and social science,from Hegel to deconstruction	Ross Abbinnett		This exciting and accessible guide to the discussions of truth in the social sciences can also be read as an account of the collapse of modernity, and the rise of new forms of thought which treat difference and ambivalence as positive values. Ross Abbinnett traces the debate on truth from the `objectifying powers' of Kant through more than 200 years of critique and reformulation to the unravelling of truth by Lyotard, Foucault and Derrida.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803950399	The logic of organizations	Bengt Abrahamsson		This exploration of organizational theory focuses on the genesis of organizations and the conditions for their continued existence. Drawing upon the classic theories of Marx, Weber and Michels as well as more contemporary developments in organizational theory, Abrahamsson presents his unique theory - that organizations are deliberately designed social structures which have been established by a certain person, group or class in order to implement certain goals.The Logic of Organizations focuses on three critical problem areas of organizations: how to make organizations more efficient; how to make organizations more representative of the interests and objectives of their founders; and how to relieve the problems of b	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803950412	Why organizations?,how and why people organize	Bengt Abrahamsson		"Why Organizations? is an intriguing title and very much deserves our attention. The author, Professor Bengt Abrahamsson, is a well-known Swedish organizational sociologist, with wide experience of the world of work easily apparent in his book, a concise introduction to the theory of organizations. . . . One of the merits of the author's approach is that he combines a knowledge of both Anglo-American literatures with the Continental and Scandinavian approaches, the latter being one of his specialties as Director of the Swedish Center for Working Life in Stockholm. It is a sound, reflective book. . . . The chapters on the free-rider problem, transaction costs, and the organizational process do . . . deserve special mention and are rather well done." --Journal of General Management "Expertly crafted and rich in detail, Why Organizations? leads readers on a frequently surprising journey. Abrahamsson draws upon work that spans time, discipline, and continent to create a diverse and comprehensive analysis. . . . Abrahamsson's is a uniquely integrated perspective that should fascinate and provoke sociologists and economists alike--as well as inspire some debate among them. . . . Why Organizations? presents a useful and critical synthesis of sociological and economic organization theory. . . . Students in economics and sociology, particularly those with special interests in antiorganization theory and industrial democracy, will find something of value or worthy of debate in this book." --Contemporary Sociology "Bengt Abrahamsson here performs a great service by excavating an underlying stability beneath the baffling social fluctuations of the past 30 years. . . . It is a great contribution of the present volume to bring us back to the fundamental question of the function of organization, scraping away the encrustations of ideological distortion and wishful thinking. In the process Abrahamsson draws our attention to some of the vital functions of formal structure. . . . Abrahamsson goes not only out far but also in deep using these broad aspects of the problem of organization. A great deal of bunk is debunked and much ground is cleared. . . . there may well be something to the notion of network forms which is emerging in the sociological literature. But whatever explorations are taken in this direction will first have to absorb the lessons of Abrahamsson's analysis here, and pay attention to the universals of organization which he so effectively brings to light." --from the Foreword by Charles C. Heckscher Why do organizations exist? Why can't the market--free contracts between single buyers and sellers--solve all production and distribution problems? What are the causes behind the rise of industrial enterprises and other hierarchies? Why Organizations? goes beyond the basics of organizational theory to discuss these and other questions. Abrahamsson deftly surveys the conditions for the emergence of hierarchy, bureaucracy, and democracy in organizations--and why organizations exist and if their existence is at all necessary. Abrahamsson frames his discussion in rationalistic organization theory based on such concepts as rationality, interest, power, form and function, external forces and inner logic, and organizational mandators and executives. This ground-breaking study is a must-read for professionals, researchers, instructors, and students of organizational studies, management, sociology, political science, and education.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178294551	The Practice Of Making Strategy : A Step-By-Step Guide	Ackermann		The Practice of Making Strategy is a highly practical book that takes the student as well as the practitioner through the process of making strategy with a management team. Based on a wealth of organizational applications in large and small organizations, public and not-for-profit as well as commercial settings, this book presents techniques that can be applied to develop a business model and to manage key strategic issues. The techniques outlined can be used to develop strategies for units, departments and operating companies, as well as for a complete organization./-//-/The book combines powerful theories from the fields of strategic management, social psychology, psychology, operational research, and organizational behaviour. Insightful and simply written, it will be core reading for MBA students and will also be extremely useful for managers and consultants wanting to do their own strategy making.	2004-09-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761964681	The risk society and beyond,critical issues for social theory	Barbara Adam&Ulrich Beck&Joost van Loon		Ulrich Beck's best selling Risk Society established risk on the sociological agenda. It brought together a wide range of issues centering on environmental, health and personal risk, provided a rallying ground for researchers and activists in a variety of social movements and acted as a reference point for state and local policies in risk management. The Risk Society and Beyond charts the progress of Beck's ideas and traces their evolution. It demonstrates why the issues raised by Beck reverberate widely throughout social theory and covers the new risks that Beck did not foresee, associated with the emergence of new technologies, genetic and cybernetic. The book is unique because it offers both an introduction to the main arguments in Risk Society and develops a range of critical discussions of aspects of this and other works of Beck.	2000	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803962316	Engaging students,thinking, talking, cooperating	Carolyn Temple Adger		By combining step-by-step instructional skills with case studies, this book assists teachers in revising their curriculum and teaching strategies to: improve students' abilities to solve problems and think critically and creatively; teach and reinforce academic oral language skills; and support these thinking and language skills in a cooperative learning environment.	1995-06	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761994787	Pluralism and equality,values in Indian society and politics	Imtiaz Ahmad&Partha Sarathy Ghosh&Helmut Reifeld		With the end of the Cold War, interest in the core-values of state, pluralism, secularism and equality have intensified. This important volume examines these principal values in the differing historical and socio-cultural contexts of Europe and India, emphasising their fundamental role in democratic governance, and highlighting the wide variations in both their meaning and content in different cultures. Comprising contributions from distinguished scholars, this volume constitutes a lucid and cogent analysis of recent shifts in public policies and political polemics on the meaning and content of various core-values.	2000-10-16	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803975224	Gender issues in elder abuse	Lynda Aitken&Gabriele Griffin		Filling a gap on the existing literature on elder abuse and gender, Gender Issues in Elder Abuse analyzes the ways in which gender is central to the occurrence, detection, and prevention of elder abuse. The authors identify the gendered nature of elder abuse and contend that most elderly victims are women and that in domestic and in institutional settings women abuse women. They also argue that a significant number of older women are abused by their sons, a significant number of older men are abused by their female partners and daughters, and abuse occurs by both sexes of nonrelatives and noncarers. This groundbreaking volume considers why much of the research on elder abuse has failed to engage with these facts. The authors call for a reframing of the issue of elder abuse, specifically in professional guidelines for dealing with abuse which, they insist, should include gender awareness. They argue for elder abuse to be considered as a human rights issue rather than a private problem. This book will be essential reading for academics, students, and professionals in social work, social policy, women's studies, and gerontology.	1996-10-17	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803975231	Gender issues in elder abuse	Lynda Aitken&Gabriele Griffin		Filling a gap on the existing literature on elder abuse and gender, Gender Issues in Elder Abuse analyzes the ways in which gender is central to the occurrence, detection, and prevention of elder abuse. The authors identify the gendered nature of elder abuse and contend that most elderly victims are women and that in domestic and in institutional settings women abuse women. They also argue that a significant number of older women are abused by their sons, a significant number of older men are abused by their female partners and daughters, and abuse occurs by both sexes of nonrelatives and noncarers. This groundbreaking volume considers why much of the research on elder abuse has failed to engage with these facts. The authors call for a reframing of the issue of elder abuse, specifically in professional guidelines for dealing with abuse which, they insist, should include gender awareness. They argue for elder abuse to be considered as a human rights issue rather than a private problem. This book will be essential reading for academics, students, and professionals in social work, social policy, women's studies, and gerontology.	1996-10-17	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803988767	Eleanor Rathbone	Johanna Alberti		This book provides an accessible introduction to the life, times and work, and in particular, the ideas of Eleanor Rathbone. She was a prominent figure in British politics, both as a suffragette and as a member of parliament, but is best known as the leading proponent for the introduction of family allowances. This text outlines and explores the development of Eleanor Rathbone's ideas, which are presented in the political and intellectual context in which she wrote--a period of major change for women. Beginning with a survey of Eleanor Rathbone's personal and ideological heritage, the book explains her move from philanthropy to political action; her ideas on suffrage; and her changing ideas on whether feminists should focus on equality or difference. The book also considers the impetus behind her entry into parliament; the way she expressed and shaped her ideas within a parliamentary setting, and finally her involvement in India affairs. This intriguing volume is essential reading for students and academics of women's studies, sociology, social policy and history; it is also a highly readable book for the general reader interested in the life and ideas of a major feminist thinker.	1996-04-25	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761958208	Real civil societies,dilemmas of institutionalization	Jeffrey C. Alexander		In recent social and political theory the term `civil society' has achieved renewed currency. Traditionally used in a normative or `ideal-type' sense, the term describes a form of social organization - that is simply neither economic nor political - where democracy, liberty and widespread solidarity are essential regulatory concepts. Written from an empirical social-science perspective by some of the world's most important social theorists, this volume is a critical examination of the normative sense of `civil society'. It includes analyses of civil society and democracy, citizenship, race and ethnicity, and post-communism.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761977766	Preventing problem behaviors,a handbook of successful prevention strategies	Pam Kay		"By combining the 'best of practices' designed to prevent school behavior problems, the authors provide more comprehensive and a wider range of source material than is typically available."Mary DamerAuthor, Managing Unmanageable Students: Practical Solutions for Administrators Early response (to learning, behavioral, or emotional problems) leads to better outcomes (for students, teachers, and the school at large) . . . and now this groundbreaking book gives you successful classroom and schoolwide strategies to stop problem behavior before it starts. It's the perfect "launch pad" for your own school's prevention program. This detailed and practical handbook, Preventing Problem Behaviors, includes insights to prevention through:  Improved behavior Total Quality principles Social skills instruction Schoolwide discipline Parent, teacher, and community partnerships Conflict resolution and peer mediation . . . as well as real-world advice on how to measure the success of prevention programs. This work of strategy and practical tactics is designed to counter behavioral problems before they get out of hand with practices that have been tested, adapted, and proven effective in urban, suburban, and rural classrooms in five states. Contributing authors are award-winning teachers, accomplished researchers, and nationally renowned professors of education and administration.  Here is the fundamental book on prevention-not intervention-that can start working right now in your classroom, across your campus, and throughout your district.	2002	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803981690	The Economy in question	John Allen&Doreen B. Massey		A broad introductory text, this volume surveys recent shifts in the British economy and their impact on the regional distribution of resources; this is the first title in a major Open University series on the restructuring of Britain.	1988	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761956860	Understanding health and social care,an introductory reader	Margaret Allott&Martin Robb&Open University		This introductory text provides a wide-ranging collection of key readings in the field of health and social care.   The book features classic readings alongside articles reflecting the most recent theoretical and empirical work. Cutting across the conventional divide between health care and social care, the Reader sets out to link policy to practice in a tangible way, juxtaposing the voices of a range of carers and service users with insights from academic debate and research.  The Reader is divided into five sections focusing on: the experience of caring or being cared for; the environment in which care takes place; the ways in which care has been conceptualized; issues of abuse in care settings; and the pol	1998-02-17	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803962491	Inclusion,are we abandoning or helping students?	Sandra K. Alper		One of the current controversies in education concerns the inclusion in the classroom of both mildly and severely disabled students. The authors of this practical guide detail the rationale behind inclusion, discuss its advantages and disadvantages, and provide guidance for administrators, teachers, students and parents.	1995-06-20	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761951131	The European Union, how democratic is it?	Svein S. Andersen&Kjell A. Eliassen		Taking as its starting point the major issues of democracy which are the ongoing concerns of every liberal Western political system, this volume offers a wide-ranging review of democracy in the European Union. It treats the EU as a new type of political system within the tradition of parliamentary democracies, a system which is neither federal nor intergovernmental, and which consequently has unique problems of how to handle democratic requirements.Part One deals with the two major challenges of interest articulation in the EU, political parties and lobbying. The second part discusses how democracy becomes the key element in the linkage between the EU and its member states, focusing on France, Italy and Belgium where the relation to the EU constitutes an important part of the national democratic debate. The third part focuses on democratic aspects of key EU institutions - the European Council, the European Commission and the European Parliament. The final part looks at democracy in relation to possible EU development generally, and in the context of societal change which may tend to undermine the role of parliamentary institutions.	1996	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803970830	HIV care,a comprehensive handbook for providers	Laurie J. Andrews&Laurie B. Novick		This comprehensive handbook provides the latest information on HIV care, with an emphasis on the provider-patient partnership and the need to view HIV patients holistically. It will become an essential guide for any health care professional working with patients who are HIV positive.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803951754	Sexually aggressive children,coming to understand them	Sharon Araji		In an accessible and sensitive fashion, Sexually Aggressive Children provides a comprehensive overview of sexual abuse perpetrated by children 12 years old and younger. Drawing attention to this frequently overlooked population, author Sharon K. Araji explores the familial, extrafamilial, and situtational factors conducive to various types of sexual abuse by children so young. For professionals and researchers forced to consider sexually aggressive acts by children as young as 2 or 3, this book examines the theories and frameworks used to explain this kind of behavior and outlines their associated social and psychological characteristics. Araji identifies nine programs and practices designed by therapists treating individuals, families, and groups dealing with preadolescent sexually aggressive behavior and concludes with an assessment on the reporting and investigation of cases. Sexually Aggressive Children also adds recommendations for closing the current gaps in both the social and criminal justice systems that impede the appropriate identification, processing, and treatment of sexually aggressive children. This book will help researchers and professionals to coordinate efforts to successfully address how to deal with sexually aggressive children. Sexually Aggressive Children will be a valuable resource for all those in the multidisciplinary fields of child abuse and interpersonal violence, including academics and practitioners in social work, clinical/counseling psychology, and criminology/criminal justice.	1997-08-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803963856	Learning for life,creating classrooms for self-directed learning	Ronald J. Areglado&R. C. Bradley&Pamela S. Lane		"This worthwhile book gives us ways to help students make their own connections between what they are learning and what they already know."  Lillian Brinkley, Principal Willard Model School Norfolk, Virginia  Give your students the skills they need to acquire knowledge for the rest of their lives. Help your teachers and your students face the biggest challenge education offers: the fundamental, necessary change from total reliance on a teacher to self-directed, self-motivated lifelong learning. Answers these important questions:   What is self-directed learning?  What are the characteristics of a self-directed learner?  How can you teach your students to take control of their own learning?  Can your school become a self-directing school?  How will SDL change education for students and for educators?  Focuses on teaching students to learn how to learn. Promotes the concept of self-directed learning (SDL), where students begin to teach themselves based on knowledge of their own work habits, insights, and value systems. If you're a principal, superintendent, or teacher who wants to change learning and teaching in your school or district-or if you're a counselor who wants to help students identify and modify self-destructive behavior-this practical, step-by-step guidebook points the way.	1996-05-20	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781853963179	Managing careers into the 21st century	John Arnold		` John Arnold has written a book which will serve well any student or new practitioner in the area of career management, both in terms of explaining how thinking has developed, and in looking forward to the complexities of the future' - Career Path, Institute Personnel and Development  `This book has two purposes for education leaders. It provides understanding of the world of pupils will be moving into. More urgently, because it is not yet sufficiently recognised, it provides a framework for us to consider what is happening to teachers' careers now' - School Leadership  The book will appeal to several different audiences, particularly those taking human resource modules in MBA and other postgraduate management courses, undergraduates taking special modules in university business schools or psychology departments, and all practising human resource managers, particularly those concerned with career management and (in the UK) those taking the IPD option on career management. The book is not primarily a do-it-yourself career manual, but nevertheless contains much that will assist people to manage their own careers better.	1997	P. Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803951600	Reshaping dementia care,practice and policy in long-term care	Miriam K. Aronson		Innovative approaches to dementia care in the nursing home are the subject of this volume. The contributors combine specific applied research findings and programmes in examining such topics as: addressing needs; developing multidisciplinary care teams; finding alternatives to restraints; and integrating the family into the care team. Special programmes designed to accommodate patients, including special care units, in-house day care, nursing unit-based services and social day care, are described. Also explored are: legal and ethical issues related to dementia; reimbursement; staff training; and increasing costs.	1994-07-06	Sage						ZZZ000000
9788178297743	Scoring Rubrics In The Classroom : Using Performance Criteria For Assessing And Improving Student Performance	Arter		A practical guide to more effective assessment for improved student learning.Learn how to be more consistent in judging student performance, and help your students become more effective at assessing their own learning! This book offers a practical approach to assessing challenging but necessary performance tasks, like creative writing, real-world research projects, and cooperative group activities. Judith Arter and Jay McTighe, experts in the field of assessment, wrote Scoring Rubrics in the Classroom to help you achieve three main goals:- Clarify the targets of instruction, especially for hard-to-define problem solving- Provide valid and reliable assessment of student learning- Improve student motivation and achievement by helping students understand the nature of quality for performances and products Each chapter is framed by an essential question and includes illustrative stories, practical examples, tips and cautions, and a summary of key points and recommended resources for further information. The resources section contains a wealth of rubrics to adopt or adapt.Teachers and administrators will find this an essential resource in increasing teacher effectiveness and student performance.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803955585	The intersystem model,integrating theory and practice	Barbara M. Artinian&Marge Conger		The book introduces the reader to one of the most provocative conceptual models in nursing today. It breaks new ground not only in its presentation of the Intersystem Model but also in its in-depth treatment of the spiritual subsytem as an intrinsic part of the biological-psychosocial-spiritual triad. The contributors provide case examples and concrete tools that will allow readers to apply the model and incorporate it into their personal and conceptual framework of practice.	1997-02-03	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803955592	The intersystem model,integrating theory and practice	Barbara M. Artinian&Marge Conger		Introducing the reader to one of the most provocative conceptual models in nursing today, The Intersystem Model demonstrates how components of the Intersystem Model can be used to develop a conceptual framework to guide research, practice, and education. Beginning with an overview of the Intersystem Model as a tool for defining and measuring its systems elements, the contributors explore the developmental and situational environments that form a backdrop for the model. Subsequent chapters discuss the theoretical frameworks for the biological, psychosocial, and spiritual subsystems, as well as the assessment and interactions of the family, institution, and community as clients. The concluding chapters present a curriculum outline for the model; learning theories involved in applying the model in education, practice, and mutuality in clinical practice; the delegation of nursing decision making; examples of research testing the theoretical concepts of the model; and the experience of giving spiritual care. The Intersystem Model breaks new ground not only in its presentation of the Intersystem Model but also in its in-depth treatment of the spiritual subsystem as an intrinsic part of the biological-psychosocial-spiritual triad. Instructors and students alike will appreciate the clarity with which the authors have introduced the model and clinicians will find case examples and concrete tools for applying the model and incorporating it into their personal and conceptual framework of practice.	1997	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803977709	Foucault contra Habermas,recasting the dialogue between genealogy and critical theory	Samantha Ashenden&David Owen		Foucault contra Habermas is an incisive examination of, and a comprehensive introduction to, the debate between Foucault and Habermas over the meaning of enlightenment and modernity. It reprises the key issues in the argument between critical theory and genealogy and is organised around three complementary themes: defining the context of the debate; examining the theoretical and conceptual tools used; and discussing the implications for politics and criticism. In a detailed reply to Habermas' Philosophical Discourse of Modernity, this volume explains the difference between Habermas' philosophical practice (the transcendental critique) and Foucault's (the historical 'exercise'), between the analytics of truth and the politics of truth. Many of the most difficult arguments in the exchange are subject to a detailed critical analysis. This examination also includes discussion of the ethics of dialogue; the practice of criticism; the politics of recognition , and the function of civil society and democracy. Lucid and accessible - comprising the work of a diverse international and interdisciplinary group of scholars - Foucault contra Habermas will be essential reading for students of Social Theory; Politics; and Philosophy.	1999	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803977303	Medical talk and medical work,the liturgy of the clinic	Paul Atkinson		The development of a sociology of medical knowledge is both assessed and contributed to in Medical Talk and Medical Work. Underlying the analysis is research on the work of haematologists, which offers a rich resource for understanding the complexities and contradictions between physical bodies and social embodiment, medical talk and technical apparatus. Using but moving beyond this specific material, Paul Atkinson demonstrates the strengths and weaknesses of the existing understanding of medical knowledge. Among the issues explored are: the place of interaction among doctors, rather than between doctors and patients, in defining the construction of medical knowledge; the ways in which clinical opinion is socially pr	1995-08-11	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803987920	The politics of affirmative action,"women", equality and category politics	Carol Lee Bacchi		"Carol Lee Bacchi takes a social constructionist view of categories such as "women" and "men" and explores the political uses of such categories. For the many people who have wondered why affirmative action so often yields disappointing results, Bacchi's examinations are a gold mine of insights. The variety of her national cases combined with the subtilty of her analysis offer a rich and textured picture of how such helping policies become entangled in definitions of women as marginal, deficient, and needy people. This is deconstruction at its best." --Myra Marx Ferree, University of Connecticut "Affirmative action, as a means of increasing access to education, jobs and public life, is under attack internationally. Carol Lee Bacchi's illuminating analysis of policies for women in Australia, Canada, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, and the United States over the past 20 years reframes the debate by raising new questions--about citizenship; the politics of identity; the category of 'women;' and the continued resistance of traditional system to women's claims. Bacchi's argument about the political uses of categories will engage readers across a broad spectrum from poststructuralist to empiricist and from policymakers to activists." --Hester Eisenstein, SUNY "This book makes a major contribution to an issue of central concern to feminists. It is well-written, thoroughly researched and thoughtfully argued. Wide-ranging and comprehensive in scope, the book is carefully structured, using different countries to illustrate the specific ways in which affirmative action is co-opted and contained the practice." --Jeanne Gregory, Middlesex University "A major contribution to an issue of central concern to feminists. Wide-ranging and comprehensive in scope." --Jeanne Gregory, Middlesex University "For the many people who have wondered why affirmative action so often yields disappointing progress, Bacchi examinations are a gold mine of insights. This is deconstruction at its best." --Myra Marx Feree, University of Connecticut This timely and incisive book brings a theoretical lens to the debates around affirmative action. It presents a comparative analysis of affirmative action in the countries reputed to be leading the way in politics for women--the United States, Canada, Australia, Sweden, the Netherlands, and Norway. Author Carol Lee Bacchi draws on current social and feminist theory to present a lucid analysis of the implementation of reform. She takes account of the particular historical context of affirmative action policies and considers why expressed commitment to affirmative action for women fails to translate into meaningful reform. Bacchi concludes that proponents of affirmative action need to direct more attention to the political uses of categories than to their abstract content and to concentrate efforts upon exposing the effects of category politics. This book will be essential reading for feminist theorists, political theorists, and social policy analysts, and will also be of interest to readers in sociology, anthropology, cultural studies and human geography.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803987937	The politics of affirmative action,"women", equality and category politics	Carol Lee Bacchi		"Carol Lee Bacchi takes a social constructionist view of categories such as "women" and "men" and explores the political uses of such categories. For the many people who have wondered why affirmative action so often yields disappointing results, Bacchi's examinations are a gold mine of insights. The variety of her national cases combined with the subtilty of her analysis offer a rich and textured picture of how such helping policies become entangled in definitions of women as marginal, deficient, and needy people. This is deconstruction at its best." --Myra Marx Ferree, University of Connecticut "Affirmative action, as a means of increasing access to education, jobs and public life, is under attack internationally. Carol Lee Bacchi's illuminating analysis of policies for women in Australia, Canada, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, and the United States over the past 20 years reframes the debate by raising new questions--about citizenship; the politics of identity; the category of 'women;' and the continued resistance of traditional system to women's claims. Bacchi's argument about the political uses of categories will engage readers across a broad spectrum from poststructuralist to empiricist and from policymakers to activists." --Hester Eisenstein, SUNY "This book makes a major contribution to an issue of central concern to feminists. It is well-written, thoroughly researched and thoughtfully argued. Wide-ranging and comprehensive in scope, the book is carefully structured, using different countries to illustrate the specific ways in which affirmative action is co-opted and contained the practice." --Jeanne Gregory, Middlesex University "A major contribution to an issue of central concern to feminists. Wide-ranging and comprehensive in scope." --Jeanne Gregory, Middlesex University "For the many people who have wondered why affirmative action so often yields disappointing progress, Bacchi examinations are a gold mine of insights. This is deconstruction at its best." --Myra Marx Feree, University of Connecticut This timely and incisive book brings a theoretical lens to the debates around affirmative action. It presents a comparative analysis of affirmative action in the countries reputed to be leading the way in politics for women--the United States, Canada, Australia, Sweden, the Netherlands, and Norway. Author Carol Lee Bacchi draws on current social and feminist theory to present a lucid analysis of the implementation of reform. She takes account of the particular historical context of affirmative action policies and considers why expressed commitment to affirmative action for women fails to translate into meaningful reform. Bacchi concludes that proponents of affirmative action need to direct more attention to the political uses of categories than to their abstract content and to concentrate efforts upon exposing the effects of category politics. This book will be essential reading for feminist theorists, political theorists, and social policy analysts, and will also be of interest to readers in sociology, anthropology, cultural studies and human geography.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803962668	Learning together,a manual for multiage grouping	Nancy Bacharach&Robin Christine Hasslen&Jill Anderson		This is a complete guide to the multiage grouping of students. Learning Together discusses the theory behind and practice of multiage classrooms, and explores its curricular, instructional and assessment elements. The book incorporates case studies of four schools which have implemented a multiage configuration.	1995-07-25	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781412954792	The Practice of Research in Criminology and Criminal Justice with SPSS Student Version 15.0	Ronet Bachman&Russell K. Schutt		Based on Russell Schutt's bestselling text Investigating the Social World, this Third Edition of The Practice of Research in Criminology and Criminal Justice is the most comprehensive research methods text available to students in criminal justice and criminology. Specifically designed for criminal justice courses and programs, this innovative text uniquely helps to teach research design and techniques within the context of substantive criminology and criminal justice issues of interest to students and the field. With expanded coverage of topics like causation, ethics, and qualitative analysis, along with a comprehensive and one-of-a-kind ancillary package, the Third Edition is a text both students and instructors will appreciate.	2007-03	Sage Pubns						ZZZ000000
9781412950329	The practice of research in criminology and criminal justice	Ronet Bachman&Russell K. Schutt		Based on Russell Schutt's bestselling text Investigating the Social World, this Third Edition of The Practice of Research in Criminology and Criminal Justice is the most comprehensive research methods text available to students in criminal justice and criminology. Specifically designed for criminal justice courses and programs, this innovative text uniquely helps to teach research design and techniques within the context of substantive criminology and criminal justice issues of interest to students and the field. With expanded coverage of topics like causation, ethics, and qualitative analysis, along with a comprehensive and one-of-a-kind ancillary package, the Third Edition is a text both students and instructors will appreciate.	2007-02	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761993339	Economy and organization,Indian institutions under the neoliberal regime	Amiya Kumar Bagchi		This book explores the wide variety of forms of economic organization which have developed in India over the last century, from conventional joint-stock firms to household and family structures.  Amiya Kumar Gagchi analyzes actual and intended results of economic policies pursued after the neoliberal reforms of 1991; examines the peculiarities of economic organization in less developed countries in a principal-agent framework; and presents detailed case studies of the leather and knitwear industries  In the final section, the author explores: the oligopolistic nature of large firms; the behaviour of big firms in response to economic reforms; subcontracting relations in industrial cities; and the relationship between industry and research institutions.	1999-10-15	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803975965	The social self	David Bakhurst&Christine Sypnowich		Much debate in recent years has centered on the status of the self, identity, and subjectivity, spawned by powerful arguments about the social origins of personhood. The Social Self presents many viewpoints in this debate that span the disciplines of psychology, philosophy, politics, and feminist theory, providing a critical overview of the key themes involved. In this accessible volume, international scholars examine the sense in which we are social selves, whose very identities are intimately bound up with the communities and cultures in which we live. Drawing from Wittgenstein, Marx, Foucault, Bakhtin, Gilligan, and MacIntyre, among others, the chapters show the diversity of influences that have shaped this exciting and controversial issue. The Social Self contributes valuable perspectives on the social construction of the self for students and academics throughout the social sciences and the humanities.	1995-09-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803975972	The social self	David Bakhurst&Christine Sypnowich		Much discussion in recent years has centred on the status of the self, identity and subjectivity in the light of powerful arguments about the social origins of personhood. The Social Self presents many dimensions of the debate, spanning psychology, philosophy, politics and feminist theory, and provides a critical overview of the key themes involved.  The internationally renowned contributors examine the senses in which we are `social selves' whose very identities are intimately bound up with the communities and cultures in which we live. Drawing on Wittgenstein, Marx, Foucault, Bakhtin, Gilligan and MacIntyre, among others, the chapters show the diversity of influences that have shaped this exciting and controversial	1995	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781853962554	Local authorities and regional policy in the UK,attitudes, representations, and the local economy	R. M. Ball		Based on a unique information source, which itself contains unpublished and inaccessible research information, this book is able to focus on so-far unexplored areas of spatial economic policy. The author provides an up-to-date review of the condition of regional policy in Britain, assesses aspects of the role of local authorities, particularly in terms of resource use and investigates the ways that local authorities and other local agencies represent their economies to the outside world.	1995	P. Chapman Pub.						ZZZ000000
9781853960352	Governments and small business	Graham Bannock&Alan T. Peacock&David Hume Institute		This major contribution to the growing literature on small business discusses policies in EU member states as well as those in the USA, Japan and other countries.  Written in non-technical language and assuming no prior knowledge, Governments and Small Business will interest and challenge everyone in government and the professions.	1989-04-28	Paul Chapman for the David Hume Institute						ZZZ000000
9781853961137	Taxation in the European Community,the small business perspective	Graham Bannock		This important study on the implications of taxation on small and medium-sized companies in the European Union is in two parts.  The first reviews, from the business viewpoint, the general structure of tax systems in the EU and their contributions to government revenues. Comparisons are included with Japan, Switzerland and the USA This leads on to an assessment of the extent to which European tax regimes have distorting effects upon the neutrality, or lack of it, between SMEs and large companies.  The second part examines the compliance burden of the VAT system upon SMEs in the EU and recommends how this might be lightened. It then examines the implications for SMEs of the changes proposed by the Commission to indirect taxes - VAT and excise duties - to come into effect with the 1992 Internal Market. Alternatives to these proposals are discussed and recommendations put forward.  Published on behalf of the European Small and Medium-Sized Enterprise Contact Group.	1990-02-28	Paul Chapman on behalf of the European Small and Medium-Sized Enterprise Contact Group						ZZZ000000
9788132102922	Comparative Politics	Judith Bara&Mark Pennington		This book provides a distinctive new introduction to the study of comparative politics at undergraduate level. Rich in case study material and global in coverage, Comparative Politics sets out the basic theoretical and methodological foundations for studying different political systems as well as the key structures and actors of which they are comprised.Part I explores the nature of comparative methodology and introduces students to the major theoretical paradigms that seek to explain the operation of institutions in democratic states and facilitate comparison across different political systems.Part 2 examines the institutional structures of the modern state, outlining the key features such as the electoral systems and territorial and functional divisions of government across a range of modern states.Part 3 analyses the role of key actors, such as voters and parties, interest groups and social movements, the bureaucracy and the judiciary.This book will be an essential primer for students of comparative government and politics as well as introductory courses in political science concepts and methods.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761929642	Writing meaningful teacher evaluations--right now!!,the principal's quick-start reference guide	Cornelius L. Barker&Claudette J. Searchwell		New Edition of Bestseller! This second edition puts even more tools for writing teacher evaluations at your fingertips! Now you can write fact-filled, performance-based, high-quality teacher evaluations, quickly and efficiently, even when you are crunched for time. The updated edition includes even more sample evaluations, forms, performance proficiency statements, and a timesaving CD-ROM. In Part One, performance statements are grouped under five standard areas of teaching competencies: Proficiency with Curriculum Evaluation of Student Growth Preparation and Readiness Instructional Performance Interaction/Climate Suggested Pats on the Back following each section help you reinforce your teachers' good work. Vocabulary Aids also help you select the exact words to customize your review. Part Two offers easy-to-reproduce forms and sample evaluations, with a new section of statements specifically for commenting on the quality of writing/planning in teachers' plan books, roll books, and homework assignments formulated for the students. Other useful sections include: Common Areas of Concern, with Suggested Remedies Evaluation Organizer to record observed classroom practices in the quickest, most efficient way Sample Written Evaluations let you capture the most subtle aspects of observed teaching performance Cross-Reference of Key Terms gives a quick way to identify and find statements using the alphabetized lists of words and phrases Ready-to-copy forms include Record of Evaluations, Checklist of Basic Documentation and/or Conditions, a Pre-Post Conference Form, and an Informal Observation Form CD-ROM is PC and Mac compatible and not sold separately.	2004	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761929659	Writing meaningful teacher evaluations--right now!!,the principal's quick-start reference guide	Cornelius L. Barker&Claudette J. Searchwell		New Edition of Bestseller!The second edition offers more tools for writing fact-filled, performance-based, high-quality teacher evaluations quickly and efficiently, plus a time-saving CD-ROM.CD-ROM is PC and Mac compatible and not sold separately.	2004	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803987203	Economic convergence and monetary union in Europe	Ray Barrell&Association for the Monetary Union of Europe&National Institute of Economic and Social Research		This is the first substantial overview of the prospects for monetary union in Europe post-Maastricht. It provides careful and thorough analysis for the business, industrial and government communities for whom union, and progress towards it, will be a key factor in their success in the 1990s and beyond. Written in non-technical terms, it is an informative and accessible account of this vital issue.	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803953895	Using the 1990 U.S. census for research	Richard Edward Barrett		This book is designed to help users with research questions or hypotheses that can be tested using census data. A prior acquaintance with demographic techniques is not required. The author shows how census data can be used to complement other data sources and can provide information on research questions which cannot be tested statistically. Using specific examples, the author illustrates the choices and constraints that researchers face, points out ways to code, clean and interpret the data, and provides the latest information on census geography, the undercount problem, question error rates, data products and plans for future US censuses.	1994-09-13	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803981553	Television and its audience	Patrick Barwise&A. S. C. Ehrenberg		This book by two leading experts takes a fresh look at the nature of television, starting from an audience perspective. It draws on over twenty years of research about the audience in the United States and Britain and about the many ways in which television is funded and organized around the world.  The overall picture which emerges is of: a medium which is watched for several hours a day but usually at only a low level of involvement; an audience which views mainly for relaxation but which actively chooses favourite programmes; a flowering of new channels but with no fundamental change in what or how people watch; programmes costing millions to produce but only a few pennies to view; a wide range of programme types apparently similar to the range of print media but with nothing like the same degree of audience 'segmentation'; a global communication medium of dazzling scale, speed, and impact but which is slow at conveying complex information and perhaps less powerful than generally assumed.  The book is packed with information and insights yet is highly readable. It is unique in relating so many of the issues raised by television to how we watch it. There is also a highly regarded appendix on advertising, as well as technical notes, a glossary, and references for further reading.	1988	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803951273	Conducting research in the practice setting	Martin J. Bass		In Conducting Research in the Practice Setting, a multidisciplinary team of contributors representing such fields as family medicine, nursing, social work, epidemiology, and anthropology identify the methods and elements necessary for conducting successful research in the primary care setting. The volume first concentrates on such general issues of primary care research as the ethics of conducting research with human subjects. Next, the contributors examine practical questions such as combining clinical care and research, recruiting patients, maximizing use of the office computer, and identifying the needs of the surrounding community. Collaborations--a topic of increasing importance--between nurse and physician, university and community, and industry and clinician are explored. Special settings relevant to primary care are also discussed. For example, such settings as rural native communities, the homeless, and long-term care are addressed in terms of the challenges they present. The appendix includes a checklist for conducting research in the practice setting. Primary care physicians and nurses interested in conducting research as part of their practice as well as academics and advance students in these areas will find this and other volumes in the series invaluable. "Like its companions in this excellent series, this text makes a significant contribution in assisting researchers in conducting important and high quality research in the challenging arena of primary care. This volume also gives insight into the rich contributions a number of individuals have made to advancing our understanding of practice-based research in ambulatory primary care. . . . The text is directly applicable to physicians from all specialties who are contemplating becoming involved in, or who are already actively involved in, scientific inquiry in practice settings. . . . The authors provide insight not only into the study of the processes and treatments of illnesses, but also into the depth and diversity of doctor-patient relationships, the determinants of physician's own behaviors, and better vantages over the etiologies and natural histories of human diseases. . . . Readers will find many pearls of wisdom for recruiting patients from private practice, potentially unlimited mixtures of quantitative and qualitative designs for inquiry, and caveats for considering cultural belief systems and understanding compliance issues. . . . [This book] soundly achieves its goal of meeting the needs of primary care researchers." --Academic Medicine "Far more comprehensive than other publications on the subject. . . . This volume provides an excellent introduction for clinic-based primary care physicians beginning to do research, as well as providing valuable background for an experienced researcher considering initiating a project in a primary care setting for the first time. Conducting Research in the Practice Setting is readable and motivating. It does not allow problems of this type of research to dampen the enthusiasm of persons who recognize the value and potential of practice-based research. As an introduction to the field of practice-based research, it is eminently affordable, it is not overpowering in length or difficulty, and presents a valuable perspective on the conduct of practice-based research in the real world. There should also be a place for this book on the shelves of all teachers of family medicine and other disciplines who have an interest in clinic-based research." --The Journal of Family Practice "Finally: A book on conducting research in the practice setting! The title will immediately interest anyone involved in primary care research. Readers will not be disappointed. . . . The editors have done a superb job of ensuring that the result is at a consistently high level throughout. . . . The organization of the book allows readers to dip into chapters or sections as the need arises. . . . The book is very practical. This practicality is reflected best in the many useful checklists and guides found throughout. Second, this volume contains the personal research experiences of many of many of the authors. I found that their own stories of success and failure enriched the points they made and the reading itself. I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It is a must (as is the series) for all primary care researchers, whether novice or expert. There are clearly benefits to owning this whole series, including using the references providedin the checklist for conducting research in practice (appendix). Purchasing this series is probably less than the cost of a reference-type textbook. I also recommend this particular volume to community-based physicians not involved in research, but wondering whether they should be." --Canadian Family Physician "Martin Bass and his colleagues have assembled another volume in this remarkable series that will guide the research needed to improve the care most people receive for most of the problems that affect them most of the time. This volume will assist researchers to develop the scientific underpinnings of primary care practice and outlines a wide variety of methods that can be matched to the relevant questions of primary care." --Paul A. Nutting, M.D., M.S.P.H., Professor of Family Medicine and Director, Ambulatory Sentinel Practice Network, Denver, Colorado "This book should have wide appeal. . . . [It] fills a void. . . . [It is] written by 25 authors and 5 editors who have a wide range of talent and experience. They present the material in a comprehensive fashion. . . . This book is necessary. . . it is recommended for anyone wishing to do research within the practice setting." --Annals of Internal Medicine	1993-07-22	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803976139	Reconstructing the psychological subject,bodies, practices and technologies	Betty M. Bayer&John Shotter		This major book offers a comprehensive overview of key debates on subjectivity and the subject in psychological theory and practice. In addition to social construction's long engagement with social relations, this volume addresses questions of the body, technology, intersubjectivity, writing and investigative practices.  The internationally renowned contributors explore the tensions and opposing viewpoints raised by these issues, and show how analyzing the psychological subject interrelates with reforming the practices of psychology. Drawing on perspectives that include feminism, dialogics, poststructuralism, hermeneutics, Lacanian psychoanalysis, and cultural or social studies of science, readers are guided through pivotal	1998	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803965829	Sparking the thinking of students, ages 10-14,strategies for teachers	Glenda Ward Beamon&Glenda Beamon Crawford		How the cognitive development of young adolescents can be integrated into a teaching plan, and thus the learning process, is the theme of this book. Each chapter presents theory on the learning needs of children aged between 10 and 14 which is then tied to specific practice application.  With vignettes illustrating the theory in practice, the author presents specific teaching strategies for setting expectations and standards, teaching for thinking, assessing student performance and extending the classroom to the real world.	1997-08-13	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803965836	Sparking the thinking of students, ages 10-14,strategies for teachers	Glenda Ward Beamon&Glenda Beamon Crawford		How the cognitive development of young adolescents can be integrated into a teaching plan, and thus the learning process, is the theme of this book. Each chapter presents theory on the learning needs of children aged between 10 and 14 which is then tied to specific practice application.  With vignettes illustrating the theory in practice, the author presents specific teaching strategies for setting expectations and standards, teaching for thinking, assessing student performance and extending the classroom to the real world.	1997-08-13	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788178294629	Building Smart Teams : A Roadmap To High Performance	Beatty		Building Smart Teams is an essential guide to creating high-performance teams fast. Based on research results from close to 2,000 individuals organized in more than 250 teams, this text identifies the three critical skills that teams need and shows how to transfer these skills to a group. /-//-/This book is packed with exercises, diagnostic tools, tips, and techniques to use with groups which are time-tested with more than 100 groups trained by the authors.	2004-10-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803974739	The future of employment relations	Phil B. Beaumont		This important, agenda-setting book addresses the key question in employment relations: Where next? It demonstrates that an institutional vacuum is emerging. As managerial demands for decentralized, individualized arrangements have intensified, collective bargaining has declined, yet few employment management innovations have arisen to replace or supplement these traditional collective processes. P B Beaumont first examines the strengths and weaknesses of collective bargaining and the impact of human resource management policies and practices. He then considers some of the alternative institutional arrangements, including works councils, that might fill the current gap. Throughout, the analysis is set firmly within the bro	1995	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803961494	Ethics in educational leadership programs,an expanding role	Lynn G. Beck&Joseph Murphy		In recent years, students and practitioners of educational administration have expressed concern over the increasing number and complexity of ethical dilemmas confronting school leaders. The authors of this book examine various university programmes implemented by 42 educational administration departments, designed to discover how to equip students to deal with such challenges.  Ethics in Educational Leadership Programs will prove invaluable reading for those concerned with the nature of ethics and values in school administration.	1994-10-25	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803962798	The four imperatives of a successful school	Lynn G. Beck&Joseph Murphy		Building on research conducted for their previous book, School-Based Management as School Reform, the authors of volume report on their investigation of a site-based managed urban elementary school and its attempts to implement reform. On the basis of their findings, they propose four `imperative' conditions for the school's success. The authors conclude with general thoughts on site-based management and school reform, and offer ideas on policies, structures and professional development that they believe could enhance positive educational change.	1996-09-19	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803962804	The four imperatives of a successful school	Lynn G. Beck&Joseph Murphy		Building on research conducted for their previous book, School-Based Management as School Reform, the authors of volume report on their investigation of a site-based managed urban elementary school and its attempts to implement reform. On the basis of their findings, they propose four `imperative' conditions for the school's success. The authors conclude with general thoughts on site-based management and school reform, and offer ideas on policies, structures and professional development that they believe could enhance positive educational change.	1996-09-19	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803977884	Defining and measuring democracy	David Beetham		The rapid worldwide phase of democratization since the 1980s has stimulated a renewed interest in how we define and measure democracy. The contributors to this volume include leading political theorists, political scientists and experts in comparative government from across Europe.Defining and Measuring Democracy offers an integrated analysis of key debates and issues ranging from the question of how to define democracy to the issue of cultural diversity. Each chapter offers new insights and approaches placed in the context of contemporary debates.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803950658	Adolescent risk taking	Nancy J. Bell&Robert Wayne Bell		With a focus on adolescents, this volume explores such questions as: whether similarities exist between different types of risk taking, such as mountain climbing and criminal behaviour; whether an examination of risk-taking behaviour will shed light on problem behaviours such as unprotected sex; and whether there are positive aspects to adolescent risk taking.With contributions from psychology, sociology, medicine and public policy, the volume uses risk taking as a framework to study many dangerous, and often life-threatening, adolescent behaviours. Following a review of research, topics discussed include theories of risky choice, the use of rational choice theory in predicting heightened risk taking, sociobiological facto	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803933378	Psychiatric medications,a guide for mental health professionals	Kenneth J. Bender&University of Michigan. School of Social Work		There is increasing evidence that mental health problems are influenced by biochemical factors and that suffering from these problems can be relieved through medication - which, when paired with psychotherapy, is a vital resource that facilitates the client's ability to change. This guide provides practical information about the use of medication for mental health problems: which drugs to use when, brand and generic names, how the medication works, common dosages and side effects.	1990-05	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412962933	Response to Intervention	William N. Bender&Cara Shores		Use this comprehensive multimedia kit to introduce the Response to Intervention three-tiered approach and demonstrate how to implement research-based interventions to make informed instructional decisions for all students.Includes: VHS Videotape (42 min.), DVD, Facilitator's Guide, Companion Book	2008-03	Corwin Pr						ZZZ000000
9780803976429	The therapeutic purposes of reminiscence	Mike Bender&Paulette Bauckham&Andrew Norris		`I was impressed with the accessibility of the book, offering a guided tour through the history, context and purposes of reminiscence therapy, the range of applications from promoting social and emotional stimulation to reminiscence as psychotherapy. It also provides a brief overview of its theoretical underpinnings... As a book for health professionals interested in reminiscence work, it is a must for the shelf... most importantly it emphasizes the need for adequate training and supervision for those undertaking this type of work... the authors [also] provide a very good working guide to the assessment process' - Aging and Health  In this practical and accessible book, leading exponents of reminiscence work describe the purposes and techniques of reminiscence and set out detailed guidelines on how to implement and conduct a wide range of reminiscence activities with different types of client.  Highlighting its tremendous diversity and potential - and its special ability to allow people of all ages and abilities to communicate deeply about their lives - the authors separate out the different aims of reminiscence, which include intellectual or social stimulation, allowing people to leave behind them a cultural legacy, or a means of intergenerational communication. They show clearly how each can be directly beneficial either to clients or their carers, or for improving the culture of the arena in which the activity is being carried out.	1999-02-22	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853962127	Enterprise and human resource development,local capacity building	Robert John Bennett&Andrew McCoshan		This book examines Britain's main education, enterprise and training systems. Detailed studies of national programmes and local areas illustrate the local detail of a broader national picture. The central argument is that a major learning process is required to develop more powerful business-led local institutions beyond the One Stop Shop if Britain is successfully to answer the challenges of the 21st century.  This book is not only the first full examination of past and present initiatives; it also suggests means to help achieve the sustained changes required in the future across the complete field of education, training and enterprise.	1993	P. Chapman Pub.						ZZZ000000
9780761903857	Subtle sexism,current practice and prospects for change	Nijole Vaicaitis Benokraitis		Systematically examining and documenting the range of discriminatory behaviour that many women experience on a daily basis, the editor of this volume demonstrates how subtle sexism devalues women and limits their work. Nijole V Benokraitis also explains how these practices can be challenged and changed.The four parts cover: the continuing significance of sexism; subtle sexism in organizational settings; subtle sexism as social control; and how to change subtle sexism practices.	1997-02-24	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412915649	The Journey to Greatness,And How to Get There!	Noah BenShea		The author encourages lifelong learning while providing inspirational messages and life-changing lessons that will make the work of getting to greatness a labor of love.	2005	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761976059	What every principal would like to say-- and what to say next time,quotations for leading, learning, and living	Noah BenShea		"A very insightful and timely book that provides school principals with quotations for all occasions. This collection will enhance presentations and support leadership thoughts, initiatives, and policies."Gerald N. Tirozzi, Executive DirectorNational Association of Secondary School Principals Powerful quotations collected and organized especially for educators From Pulitzer-nominated journalist and international best-selling author, Noah benShea, this quick reference collection of quotes belongs on the desk or in the briefcase of every school administrator. Organized by topics ranging from leadership, assessment, and character education to accountability, technology, etc., What Every Principal Would Like to Say . . . offers a variety of insightful launching points for virtually every topic encountered throughout the school year-and after.  From Chapter 1, Administrators, Principals, and School Leaders-   "Leadership is action, not position." Donald H. McGannon "You don't manage people; you manage things. You lead people." Admiral Grace Hooper  From Chapter 22, Technology-   "Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education."John F. Kennedy "For a list of all the ways technology has failed to improve the quality of life, please press three."Alice Kahn  From Chapter 23, Women in Education-  "Women are like tea bags; put them in hot water and they get stronger."Eleanor Roosevelt From John Dewey to Lily Tomlin, these quotes of wisdom and humor are ideal for speeches to the community, school board, fundraisers, and staff. They help frame presentations, letters, and other communications so both administrators and audiences can see old problems in a new light.	2000	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803973770	Aging,genetic and environmental influences	Cindy S. Bergeman		Why do people age differently? Gerontological research has indicated that there are large individual differences in personality, cognitive functioning, physical health, psychological well-being and quality of life in old age. This book explores this variability.Following an overview of family, adoption and twin studies of genetic and environmental influences on ageing, the author examines such topics as: longevity and health research; cognitive functioning, personality and psychopathology; and social support, life events and family environment measures. The book concludes with a summary of finding from gerontological behavioural genetics.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803973787	Aging,genetic and environmental influences	Cindy S. Bergeman		Why do people age differently? Research in the field of gerontology has indicated that there are large individual differences in personality, cognitive functioning, physical health, and psychological well-being, as well as in the quality of life in the later years. It is this variability and the reasons why people age differently that this book explores. Thoughtfully written, Aging presents an overview of what is known about genetic and environmental influences on aging. Beginning with an overview of family, adoption, and twin designs, author Cindy S. Bergeman examines such topics as: research in the area of longevity and health; cognitive functioning, personality, and psychopathology; and social support, life events, and measures of the family environment. The book concludes with a summary of the field of gerontological behavioral genetics. This book will stimulate discussion and future work about the origins of individual differences in later life.	1997-04-30	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803957336	Cultural criticism,a primer of key concepts	Arthur Asa Berger		In this guide to cultural criticism, Arthur Asa Berger presents complex concepts in jargon-free language, making the book an ideal introductory text. It covers the key theorists, concepts, and subject areas, from literary, sociological and psychoanalytical theories of semiotics and Marxism. Berger brings cultural criticism to life by making these theories relevant to see students' lives. Illustrating his explanations with excerpts from classic works, Berger gives readers a sense of the style of important thinkers and helps place them in context. There is an extensive bibliography which will be an invaluable resource for those who wish to explore the topics in greater depth.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761910305	Productivity in public and nonprofit organizations,strategies and techniques	Evan M. Berman		This book provides an overview and assessment of state-of-the-art strategies for performance and productivity in public and non-profit organizations. It is research-based and draws on real cases. Topics include: rationales for productivity and performance improvement; evolution of productivity improvement; strategies for implementing improvement; analytical tools; strategic planning; organizational information technologies; TQM; benchmarking; partnering; re-engineering; project management strategies; and people-based productivity improvement strategies.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412962889	Thinking Strategies for Science, Grades 5-12	Sally Berman		With reproducibles and a new section on designing activities, this revised edition presents strategies and standards-aligned lessons that strengthen student comprehension and higher-level thinking skills in science.	2008-06-19	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803961609	Outcome equity in education	Robert Berne&Larry Picus		The education system in the United States, and its principle of creating equal opportunity in a democratic society, is failing many children. Dissatisfaction with the system has never been higher. Based on a study of New York schools, this comprehensive book examines how social justice issues relate to outcome equity in education, and suggests ways of using resources more effectively in order to improve learning results.	1994	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803954915	Creating groups	Harvey J. Bertcher&Frank F. Maple		Offering innovative, useful guidelines for effectively composing new groups and modifying old ones, the long-awaited second edition of Harvey J. Bertcher's Creating Groups has been updated, revised, and expanded. This redesigned new edition is unique in that it specifically deals with issues that arise in getting started and is extremely usable due it its liberal use of examples and programmed format. Easy-to-use and concise, this volume goes beyond the principles of group composition to describe the acts necessary to start a group, such as recruiting members, choosing among recruits, interviewing prospective members, arranging for the agency to be receptive to the group, and planning and conducting the first meetings. In addition, it has also been expanded to address factors of race and gender in groups, and the empowerment of potential members in the group composition process. "Harvey J. Bertcher and Frank F. Maple's book with its innovative programmed instruction format, provides practitioners with the knowledge and skills required to create effective groups. It deals with the full range of issues involved in each step of the planning and decision-making process, from an initial recognition of the need for a group to the first meeting. Understanding the well-developed concepts and principles of practice is greatly enhanced by the creative use of examples of practice, presentation, and discussion of study questions and exercises that help the reader to apply the content to varied situation. This book is highly readable, well organized, and theoretically sound. It is a splendid contribution to the literature on social work with groups." --Helen Northern, University of Southern California	1996-03-28	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761935407	India Policy Forum, 2005-06	Suman Bery&Barry Bosworth&Arvind Panagariya		The India Policy Forum (IPF) is an annual publication dedicated to analyzing contemporary trends in the Indian economy. Its objective is to carry theoretically rigorous yet empirically informed research tacking current issues relating to India's economic policy. In particular, it will address issues related to the scope, speed, and desirability of economic reforms in India and their fundamental impact on the country's social and economic welfare. A joint publication of the National Council of Applied Economic Research in India and the Brookings Institution in the United States, the IPF serves as a forum for a global network of scholars interested in India's economic transformation.Among the topics covered in the 2005-06 volume are:- The Impact of Excessive Budget Deficits- Trends and Issues in Tax Policy and Reform in India- Whether an Inflation-Targeting Framework is applicable to India- Employment, Wages, and Inequality- Universal Telecommunications Service in India	2006-07-01	Sage						ZZZ000000
9788178299105	India policy forum	India Policy Forum. Conference&Suman K. Bery&Barry Bosworth&Arvind Panagariya&National Council of Applied Economic Research&Brookings Institution		Papers presented at the Fourth India Policy Forum Conference, held at New Delhi during 17-18 July 2007.	2008	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781412910774	I'm Okay Being Me,Activities to Promote Self-acceptance and Self-esteem in Young People Aged 12 to 18 Years	Anne Betts		I'm Okay Being Me: Activities to Promote Self-Acceptance and Self-esteem in Young People Aged 12 to 18 Years offers a program to encourage positive self-esteem by recognizing the 'me' in each individual.Aimed at children aged 12 years and older, this resource supports professionals working with young people who have demonstrated difficulties in achievement and behavior by providing innovative and creative activities and exercises which help to reduce behaviors common in adolescents with low self-esteem. The book includes a companion CD-ROM of related activity sheets and assessment forms.	2005-06-14	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803961920	Making school a place of peace	Theresa M. Bey&Gwendolyn Yvonne Turner		In view of the high incidence of violence and intimidation in schools, this book is concerned with the need for students to learn conflict resolution, social problem- solving and peace-making skills. To strive for a peaceful community, the authors stress the need for children to learn socially acceptable behaviour, to challenge injustices and to establish personal and academic goals. Written for teachers at all levels, this book will serve as a useful resource for those wishing to address the growing problem of violence among young people.	1996	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803977877	Shifting identities, shifting racisms,a feminism & psychology reader	Kum-Kum Bhavnani&Ann Phoenix		This collection makes an important contribution to contemporary feminist and psychological debates on identities and racisms. It addresses issues of commonalities, differences, subjectivities and the contradictory nature of positionings which are central concerns for feminist and anti-racist politics.Leading feminists examine: the ways in which psychology has reproduced racism; the complexity of issues of identities and racisms which are shown to be multiple, constantly variable and renegotiable; the need to problematize and unpack `whiteness'; and the problems of identity politics both in terms of explanatory power and political action.	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781904315209	Citizens Against Bullying,A Six Lesson Citizenship Programme for 8 to 11 Year Olds	Maggie Biddlestone		This pack was devised to teach young people about bullying in both school and social settings. A team sports model is used to encourage a co-operative atmosphere where children work together to stop bullying. Children form teams to develop their anti-bullying rules and tactics and become Citizens Against Bullying. This exciting idea uses the team principles:   " formation of a cohesive group  " working together for the good of all " solving problems.  The book includes teacher notes, resources for six lessons and ideas for the celebration of the work done culminating in the children providing a school assembly.  A valuable resource linking the PSCHE curriculum with anti-bullying work.	2004-05-07	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803948327	Controversial issues in educational policy	Louann A. Bierlein		Controversial Issues in Educational Policy examines the current debates in US education including such issues as parental choice, decentralization, bilingual education and the role of business. For each issue, tensions among the conflicting ideas of conservatism and liberalism and among the basic societal values of equity, liberty and efficiency and excellence are examined. Bierlein discusses multiple aspects of each topic and equips readers with a foundation necessary to carefully analyze the debates.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761951100	The effective manager,perspectives and illustrations	Jon Billsberry		An ideal introduction to management and organizational behaviour, this Reader brings together a range of contributions on the art and science of management.The focus of the book is on the ideas and theories which a manager can use to become more effective. Six sections explore important aspects of the manager's job: management, leadership and conflict; motivation and stress at work; organizational culture; decision-making and teams; staff development; and diversity in organizations. In each section, the reader will find articles which reflect major ideas or debates within the area, including those that challenge traditional views and ways of doing things. Does money motivate? Are teams useful? Does organizational culture e	1996-05-21	Sage Publications in association with the Open University						ZZZ000000
9780803959194	Dilemmas of urban economic development,issues in theory and practice	Richard D. Bingham&Robert Mier		Assessing state-of-the-art urban economic development, this book addresses such pertinent issues as the importance of `quality of life' in location decisions, and whether industry targetting is a viable economic development strategy. Each chapter is followed by commentaries - one written by an academic addressing research methodology, the other by a practitioner addressing both the question and the evidence. Each chapter's author then responds to the issues raised by the commentators. The result is a productive dialogue between academics, practitioners and citizens concerned with economic development.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803935716	Financing economic development,an institutional response	Richard D. Bingham&Edward W. Hill&Sammis B. White		This comprehensive source and description of the tools available for financing economic development is divided up into well defined areas, making it easy to use for reference and guidance. It covers all aspects of the concept and makes a full discussion of all types of financing from public funds to private loans and venture capital. This will be an important book for professionals and undergraduates in urban studies, public administration and policy studies.	1990-03	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853963391	Small firms,contributions to economic regeneration	Robert A. Blackburn&Robert Blackburn&Peter Jennings&Institute for Small Business Affairs		This edited volume comprises a selection of papers presented at the 17th National Small Firms' Policy and Research Conference. The chapters in Small Firms: Contributions to Economic Regeneration, bring together a broad picture of contemporary research and policy issues on SMEs. They include state of the art analyses of financial issues, strategic management, growth, local economies, quality issues, and the business support infrastructure. The contributions are written by experts in their field, including professional practitioners and academics, and represent a major contribution to our knowledge and contemporary debates. The book provides realistic, micro and macro, perspectives of the behaviour and contributions of SMEs in today's economy.	1996	Published on behalf of the Institute for Small Business Affairs by Paul Chapman Pub.						ZZZ000000
9780761918837	Approaches to economic development,readings from Economic development quarterly	John P. Blair&Laura Ann Reese		This Reader presents a selection of articles from Economic Development Quarterly, the premier journal for practitioners and academics of local economic development. The pieces chosen cover both the breadth and the cutting edge of real world economic development practices.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178292908	Planning local economic development,theory and practice	Edward James Blakely&Ted K. Bradshaw		Building on the success of its predecessors, the Third Edition continues to explore the theories of local economic development and address the dilemmas communities face. Blakely and Bradshaw investigate planning processes, analytical techniques, business and human resource development, as well as high-technology economic development strategies.	2003-04-01	Vistaar Publ.						ZZZ000000
9781412937801	Facilitator's Guide to Failure Is Not an Option(TM)	Alan M. Blankstein		This facilitator's guide gives staff developers all the tools they need for planning and leading training events to help educators create successful and sustainable high-performing schools.	2006	Corwin						ZZZ000000
9781412909341	Failure is not an option,six principles that guide student achievement in high-performing schools	Alan M. Blankstein		Covering theory into practice, this state-of-the-art resource gives school leaders the tools they need to create and sustain effective professional learning communities.	2004-06-01	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803953727	Adolescent dysfunctional behavior,causes, interventions, and prevention	Gary M. Blau&Thomas P. Gullotta		How do adolescents' problem behaviours develop? Why is the suicide rate among teenagers increasing? Are there reliable ways to prevent these problems?Addressing these and related issues, the contributors to this book utilize their experience in research, clinical and medical settings to explore adolescent dysfunctional behaviour. Topics discussed include: attention-deficit disorder; oppositional behaviours; substance abuse; rape; eating disorders; depression; and suicide. The book concludes with a comparison of home-based, school-based and combined//coordinated treatment strategies.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803953734	Adolescent dysfunctional behavior,causes, interventions, and prevention	Gary M. Blau&Thomas P. Gullotta		How do problem behaviors develop in adolescents? Why is teen crime and suicide on the rise? Are there reliable ways to prevent or treat these problems? A team of experts from research, clinical, and medical settings finds answers to these questions while exploring adolescent dysfunctional behavior. Divided into three informative parts, this book provides in-depth coverage of topics such as teen defiance and hostility, criminal misconduct, substance abuse, depression, eating disorders, suicide, and mental illness. Concluding with a thoughtful comparison of school-based, home-based, and combined/coordinated treatment strategies, Adolescent Dysfunctional Behavior succeeds in introducing its audience to the many facets and treatments of adolescent problems. Especially useful for researchers and students in developmental psychology, psychology, family studies, sociology, education research, social work, and public health. However, this accessible book provides invaluable information for parents, foster parents, group home facilitators, or anyone who works regularly with adolescents.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803987494	The sociology of HIV transmission	Michael Bloor		In this broad-ranging book, Michael Bloor gives an overview of our current understanding of the social conditions and contexts of HIV transmission.The author examines the social epidemiology of HIV transmission in its different manifestations in the developing world and in the West, looking at heterosexual and homosexual transmission, sex tourism and prostitution, injecting drug users, haemophiliacs and transfusion recipients. He goes on to look at reports of sociological studies of risk behaviour among men who have sex with men, among heterosexual and bisexual men and women, and among those who share syringes. Drawing on his own research, Michael Bloor presents a critical examination of the different theoretical models of	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803987500	The sociology of HIV transmission	Michael Bloor		In this broad-ranging book, Michael Bloor gives an overview of our current understanding of the social conditions and contexts of HIV transmission.The author examines the social epidemiology of HIV transmission in its different manifestations in the developing world and in the West, looking at heterosexual and homosexual transmission, sex tourism and prostitution, injecting drug users, haemophiliacs and transfusion recipients. He goes on to look at reports of sociological studies of risk behaviour among men who have sex with men, among heterosexual and bisexual men and women, and among those who share syringes. Drawing on his own research, Michael Bloor presents a critical examination of the different theoretical models of	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803986497	Television and the public interest,vulnerable values in west European broadcasting	Jay G. Blumler		Modern broadcasting policy faces a number of challenges: how to regulate the growing commercial sector; the position and funding of public service television; and finding appropriate forms of public accountability in the changed media environment.Television and the Public Interest examines these challenges and how they are being addressed in the media systems of eight European nations. The authors' aim throughout is to identify the basic values that European policymakers, politicians, broadcasters and civic groups of all kinds regard as vulnerable in the new conditions and are striving to protect from market pressures. The book includes a wealth of information on broadcasting policy issues and practice in Wes	1992	Sage Publications in association with the Broadcasting Standards Council						ZZZ000000
9780761930921	Crime analysis and crime mapping	Rachel Boba		Crime analysis is an emerging profession in policing and a growing topic of interest in the criminal justice field. Crime Analysis and Crime Mapping, one of the first texts to introduce crime analysis and crime mapping to an undergraduate audience, is enriched by author Rachel Boba's unique perspective as a current professor and former crime analyst. The book offers a thorough introduction to the field as well as guidelines for its practice, making it a useful asset for current and future crime analysts and police practitioners as well as for students. Key FeaturesProvides an overview of the field as well as guidelines for its practice that will be valuable to professionals and students alike Features the most comprehensive introductory overview of crime analysis and mapping available Presents key concepts, definitions, and relevant criminological theory as well as methods and techniques of tactical, strategic, and administrative crime analysis Includes end-of-chapter exercises and instructor materials, as well as a CD with crime analysis software, data and exercises, to explicate key concepts References useful Internet sites that complement the topics discussed in the text Intended AudienceCrime Analysis and Crime Mapping is designed for undergraduate and graduate courses in Criminology, Criminal Justice, Forensic Science, Criminal Investigation, GIS, Geography, and Sociology. This book will also be of interest to current and future crime analysts and other police practitioners. In addition, it is valuable for practitioner training in crime analysis and crime mapping. Professors: For a sample syllabus, please go to 'sample chapters and materials' at left. For a chapter-by-chapter exam guide, please contact Customer Care at 1.800.818.7243 (6am - 5pm PT). Subject to verification of textbook adoption.We'd like to thank our reviewers for this text, all of whom contributed to the high quality of this book. They are:Hank Brightman, Saint Peter's College Sutham Cheurprakobkit, Kennesaw State University Bill Van Cleve, California State University, Fullerton Donald Dixon, CSU Sacramento Gene Evans, Camden County College Bob Feliciano, Rio Hondo Community College Laurie Garo, University of North Carolina James W. Golden, University of Arkansas at Little Rock David R. Karp, Skidmore College Leslie Kennedy, Rutgers University Christopher Maxwell, Michigan State University Jon'a F. Meyer, Rutgers University Kurt Nelson, Clackamas Community College April Pattavina, University of Massachusetts at LowellMany thanks for all of your help making this project a reality!	2005-07-08	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9788178299150	Mergers And Acquisitions : Text And Cases	Boeh		Mergers and Acquisitions: Text and Cases is a structured view of mergers and acquisitions (M&A) using a process-based framework. This framework gives the reader in-depth information about the process flow in successful deal making. The reader can then apply these concepts and frameworks to the real-life cases included in each chapter.Key Features:- Applies featured concepts to real-life scenarios- Provides insight from a Wall Street investment bankerBecause of its in-depth coverage of the entire M&A process, this book can be the core text for courses in M&A, Strategy, Finance, Operations, Law, or Accounting. Alternatively, it may be used as one of several assigned book and/or readings in relevant courses.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761946069	Reframing the path to school leadership,a guide for teachers and principals	Lee G. Bolman&Terrence E. Deal		The best leaders use multiple frames to view common challenges and to solve the most difficult problems. A series of dialogues between a novice and a master teacher and between a new and a seasoned principal demonstrate how framing-and then reframing-challenges brings clarity.	2002-03-19	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781412908122	Reflective practice,writing and professional development	Gillie Bolton		In this fully updated and revised Second Edition author Gillie Bolton draws on her considerable experience as well as extensive research and development in the area to demonstrate and explore a creative dynamic mode of reflection and reflexivity. Using expressive and explorative writing combined with in-depth group work or mentoring and appropriate focused research, it enables deep, sensitive, critical examinations of practice. Reflective Practice: Writing and Professional Development offers a searching and thorough approach which increases student and professional motivation, satisfaction, and deep levels of learning.	2005-11-05	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803979055	Environmental psychology,a psycho-social introduction	Mirilia Bonnes&Gianfranco Secchiaroli		This textbook provides a clear and comprehensive introduction to the rapidly expanding field of environmental psychology.  The authors start with a review of the history of environmental psychology, highlighting its interdisciplinary nature. They trace its roots in architecture, ecology and geography, and examine the continuing relationship of these subjects to the psychological tradition. The book then moves through key contemporary lines of research in the field, contrasting models from perception and cognition, such as those of Gibson and Brunswick, with major social psychological approaches as represented by Lewin, Barker and others. The book concludes with an analysis of the most promising areas of research and practice	1995	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803979062	Environmental psychology,a psycho-social introduction	Mirilia Bonnes&Gianfranco Secchiaroli		This textbook provides a clear and comprehensive introduction to the rapidly expanding field of environmental psychology.The authors start with a review of the history of environmental psychology, highlighting its interdisciplinary nature. They trace its roots in architecture, ecology and geography, and examine the continuing relationship of these subjects to the psychological tradition. The book then moves through key contemporary lines of research in the field, contrasting models from perception and cognition, such as those of Gibson and Brunswick, with major social psychological approaches as represented by Lewin, Barker and others. The book concludes with an analysis of the most promising areas of research and practice	1995	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761964308	A beginner's guide to training in counselling & psychotherapy	Robert Bor&Stephen Palmer		'This book will be of interest to anyone who may be considering training for a career in counselling and psychotherapy.... This text provides the reader with a considerable amount of information that may be used to select and hopefully successfully complete the right programme of study pertinent to their specific requirements. It maintains a good balance of being honest about the often rigorous and intense task of completing training, as well as being kindly reassuring that success can be achieved if approached in the right manner with sound advice being given throughout on how this may be carried out effectively' - Jacqueline A Lawrence, Counselling Psychology Review  This highly practical and informative book is designed for all who are considering training in counselling, counselling psychology or psychotherapy. To secure work within these increasingly professional and competitive fields, candidates need to have the appropriate training and qualifications. While theoretically, and in practice, the professional groups have much in common, each has its own distinct training routes and qualifications which can be confusing for the newcomer.  A Beginner's Guide to Training in Counselling & Psychotherapy sets out clearly the range of options for trainees including the professional pathways and main theoretical models available to them. Drawing on their vast experience as trainers, practitioners and former trainees, the contributors provide insights into what to expect from training and offer clear advice to help the reader:   - select the right training - identify personal qualities which make them suitable or unsuitable - make a successful application  - get the most out of training  This book is the ideal starting point for anyone considering training in counselling, counselling psychology or psychotherapy. Trainers who want to provide students with an overview of the training process will find this an excellent text to recommend as initial or pre-course reading.	2001-12-20	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761958659	The future of global conflict	Volker Bornschier&Christopher K. Chase-Dunn		This critical analysis of long-term trends and recent developments in world systems examines such questions as: Will the cycles of boom and bust, peace and war of the past 500 years continue? Or have either long-term trends or recent changes so profoundly altered the structure of world systems that these cycles will end or take on a less destructive form?  The noted international contributors to this volume examine the question of future dominance of the core global systems and include comprehensive discussions of the economic, political and military role of the Pacific Rim, Japan and the former Soviet Union.	1999-07-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803956278	International perspectives on child abuse and children's testimony,psychological research and law	Bette L. Bottoms&Gail S. Goodman		Child witnesses pose unique challenges to the legal system, and courtrooms are daunting and alien to children. Timely and truly international in scope, this volume focuses on the techniques and procedures used to accommodate child witnesses in legal systems - and on research investigating the effectiveness and implications of those techniques - around the world: England, Scotland, The Netherlands, Israel, South Africa, Hong Kong, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United States and India. Featuring the work of renowned scholars from the international psycholegal community, the volume not only provides support for all countries seeking to broaden their approach to child psychology and law, but also promotes justice in thos	1996-06-18	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803957114	Drug abuse prevention with multiethnic youth	Gilbert J. Botvin&Steven Paul Schinke&Mario A. Orlandi		What is known about the influence of ethnicity upon drug use? How can this knowledge be used to develop prevention programmes for multi-ethnic youth? Contributors to this invaluable book address these and other pressing questions. They consider specific problems and challenges confronting researchers involved in studying substance abuse in minority communities; explore explanations for racial and ethnic differences in drug use; and examine possible risk and protective factors which influence use. Current drug abuse prevention models in settings including schools, communities and homeless shelters are also presented.	1995-08-12	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761953241	The classical tradition in sociology,the European tradition	Raymond Boudon&Mohamed Cherkaoui&Jeffrey C. Alexander		This four-volume set presents an unrivalled collection of the key literature in European sociology. The prestigious texts range across the European tradition from enlightenment to contemporary theory. The collection explodes the myth that the European tradition in sociology is a debate with the ghosts of Karl Marx and Max Weber, demonstrating that the tradition is far more deeply rooted and broadly based.  Volume 1 is devoted to the emergence of European sociology. The contribution of classical political economy and the Enlightenment is examined. Commentaries on the work of Hobbes, Locke, Montesquieu, Taine, Rousseau, de Tocqueville, Comte and St. Simon are included. The volume creates a vivid and compelling picture of the origins of European sociology.  Volume 2 covers the rise of the classical period in social theory. It includes commentaries on the contribution of Marx, Spencer, Dilthey, Weber, Durkheim and Simmel. An overview of the main contributions of the founding fathers is also included.  Volume 3 moves on to explore the main developments in the first half of the twentieth century. The contributions of the Durkheimian Tradition, Mauss, Mannheim, Lukacs, Gramsci and British sociology are presented. The volume provides a synoptic view of the diversity and emerging complexity of European sociology.  Volume 4 identifies the main developments from post-industrial theory to the present day. The volume includes commentaries on the work of Aron, Foucault, Habermas, Giddens, Bourdieu, Boudon and Gellner. Selections on structuralism, polysemy, the positivist dispute and the neo-liberal tradition widen out the picture.  The collection is the benchmark work for understanding the history, contribution and dilemmas of the European tradition. Full account is taken of the reference needs of students as well as of academics.   Each hardcover volume of 416 pages is bound to the highest standards. The lettering on the cover is gold embossed. The slip case for the four volumes is also embossed. The volumes are not available separately.	1997	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761973423	Nurture groups in school,principles and practice	Marjorie Boxall		'In her book, Marjorie Boxall makes an eloquent case for establishing nurture provision. Her book would be invaluable for teachers, governors and other interested parties in helping them to provide more appropriately for such children' - Young Minds Magazine 'This book should be essential reading for Government ministers. The author pioneered the setting up of nurture groups in Inner London in the early 1970s as a response to social deprivation and its consequences for children in school. The book describes why and how, drawing on those early experiences and later projects in the London Borough of Enfield. It is salutary to note that the concept of nurture group is now well over thirty years old and as yet there are still very few of them in existence. Hopefully Marjorie Boxall's book will help to change this situation. As she says: 'Our capital of good nurture is diminishing fast and the fabric of society is at risk, for with each generation there are fewer people...to provide good nurturing, and more children who have been deprived of it.' Nurture groups provide children with social and emotional experiences that are necessary as a pre-requisite for formal school learning. Marjorie Boxall describes how such children are functionally below the age of three, due to having missed out on essential experiences, which are normally provided through mothering. Adults who work in a nurture group setting provide a variety of structured experiences: for example, how to play with toys, how to share a meal, so that the children 'catch up' on their social and emotional development and can then rejoin mainstream education. This is a very practical and readable book that serves as a comprehensive introduction to the subject. This book is a bible for nurture group enthusiasts and should be essential reading for anybody who has the desire to make a significant impact in the area of social change. Copies, please, to Tony Blair, Estelle Morris and to every Chief Education Officer in the United Kingdom. They ignore it at their peril' - Nurturing Potential 'Marjorie is the originator of nurture groups. Her book is full of wisdom about the work of nurture groups, why people do what they do, how to think about the situation children are in and what nurture group staff can do about it. This is an authoritative practice manual, clearly informed by years of reflective practice and experience. Insights into childhood and school life abound. If your main interest is as a practitioner or directly supporting those who work with children, you will find it full of interest and richness. Marjorie's book fills the gap between theory and the reality of doing the job. Applied psychology at its best. An essential addition to the nurture group bookcase' - Marion Bennathan, Director, Nurture Group Network 'This powerful and immensely positive book describes the rationale and practice of nurture groups for children who cannot cope with the demands of mainstream primary school' - Jennie Lindon, Nursery World 'If your school is thinking of setting up a nurture group, this book is clearly essential reading. It is also likely, however, to be of interest to a wider readership, especially since a commitment to social inclusion is at the heart of current policy on early education and childcare in Britain' - Margaret Bryson, International Journal of Early Years Education 'This book is not only a useful resource to the NG practitioner; it is also a document that tells us a lot about what of value has been all but lost from the educational agenda in recent years, and more importantly, something about one of the ways we might go about restoring the loss. The emphasis throughout is on dealing with pupils as whole persons. This involves mee	2002	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780761973430	Nurture groups in school,principles and practice	Marjorie Boxall		This book is a bible for nurture group enthusiasts and should be essential reading for anybody who has the desire to make a significant impact in the area of social change.	2002	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803971783	Public works administration,current public policy perspectives	Lucy Brewer		The physical structures and facilities to deliver the services that federal, state and local governments provide are essential to the economic and social development of communities, regions and nations. This book is a collection of modern perspectives on Public Works Administration in the United States gathered from experience and applied research. Chapters examine public work activities such as reservoirs, waste disposal and urban highways; and also concepts of privatization, growth management, site location and funding.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803960442	Mathematics programs,a guide to evaluation	George W. Bright&A. Edward Uprichard&Janice H. Jetton		This volume enables teachers and administrators to design, organize and conduct useful evaluations of their school mathematics programmes -- without the need to use complicated statistical procedures or research techniques. The authors demonstrate the relevance of an evaluation to any mathematics programme and provide numerous applications of the results.	1993-04-23	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761916130	How to recognize good policing,problems and issues	Jean-Paul Brodeur&Police Executive Research Forum		Since the early 1970's, police reform has been a major concern throughout the world. Widespread implementation of various forms of problem-oriented policing, plus the unforeseen decline of crime rates in recent years observed in most Western countries, has focused attention on the need for evaluation studies of policing. How To Recognize Good Policing brings together the research findings and practical experience of acknowledged experts in the field.	1998	Police Executive Research Forum						ZZZ000000
9781904315124	Aspects of Asperger's,Success in the Teens and Twenties	Alex Miller&Maude Brown		` Once I started this book I was hooked. Where was this book 10 years ago? So many of the problems I have dealt with and worked out through triall and error are here. It would have saved many tears and tantrums - and those not just from me! Once purchased, you will use it over and over again, for reference' - Communication  A thought provoking and practical book about how one supporter, a grandmother, helped her granddaughter search for ways to help her overcome the difficulties they both faced.  This book does not dwell on the problems but instead looks for the solutions they found together. It will be useful to all those whose lives are touched by Asperger's Syndrome but especially meaningful to those directly involved in supporting young people in school, college and in the home and neighbourhood setting.  It specifically considers:  } patterns of organization in daily life } constructing programmes of development for individuals.  The book covers the practical issues facing those in their teens and twenties:  } rules } daily living skills } personal hygiene } managing money } coping in school and college } friendships } romantic relationships.  People with Asperger's Syndrome can be valuable contributors to society if they are given support when they need it.  This book is the outcome of the combined efforts of Alex and her grandmother Maude. It is practical, realistic and very positive.	2004-01-07	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803982291	Television and women's culture,the politics of the popular	Mary Ellen Brown		Does television play a positive or negative role in the diffusion of women's culture? What relationship exists between television and women's culture? In this impressive volume, an international team of contributors critically examines the profound role television plays in defining women's culture. Topics addressed include women as audiences, rock videos, feminist criticism of television, and consumerism, to name but a few. As a substantial contribution to both mass communication and women's studies, Television and Women's Culture will be welcomed by faculty, students, and researchers in the fields of popular culture, women's studies, communication studies, and sociology. "Television and Women's Culture represents a welcome addition to the rapidly growing body of literature on television theory as well as to the development of feminist television-based criticism. . . . This research is an unquestionably important intervention in the area of feminist television-based theory for the primary reason that it seriously considers the ways in which popular television genres are intimately imbricated with the everyday lives of a great number of women. . . . I would recommend Television and Women's Culture . . . it represents a significant contribution to the study of popular culture, mass communication, and women's studies. . . . This collection provides an important forum for debate around the issues of audiences, women's culture, and television theory, and, as such, deserves close and critical reading." --Canadian Journal of Communication "The individual authors represent a fine range of international perspectives and address topics that range from traditionally women-identified genres of television, such as soap operas and game shows, to a surprisingly fresh inquiry into women's reception of a male-identified television spectacle, Australian-rules football. . . . All 12 essays fulfill the promise of the cultural studies mission to isolate and elevate subcultural resistance strategies. . . . The book includes an excellent, extensive bibliography of current research in cultural studies and women audiences. . . . Television and Women's Culture is a significant collection. It challenges and expands research agendas in media studies and foregrounds voices and subcultural communities formerly silenced both by dominant culture and in our own research. As a supplemental text in media courses or a reference source for researchers, it could function to stimulate fresh questions about the multiple dimensions of the relationship between television and its viewers, especially the gendered dimensions of our media habits." --Quarterly Journal of Speech "There are sophisticated, persuasive chapters which apply contemporary theorizing to popular culture. . . .The essays hang together as convincing demonstration of how women, while still functioning within the dominant economic and social order, can and sometimes do appropriate television texts for their own affective and political purposes." --Journalism Quarterly "Though [the contributors] recognize that television frequently distorts and oppresses women's experience, the authors eschew a simplistic manipulative view of the media. Instead they show how and why such different genres as game shows, police fiction and soap opera offer women opportunities for negotiation of their own meanings and their own aesthetic appreciation." --Gender & Mass Media "[One] of four important titles . . . advancing insights on contemporary issues. . . . Probing and critical." --The Bookwatch "A refreshing collection of theoretical and critical works examining the impact of women and women's culture on television. . . . An excellent guide to promote critical thinking and new approaches to the study of television and women's culture. . . . A good classroom resource for the study of women and media . . . and . . . a good addition to the body of research needed for the inclusion of multicultural education in the curriculum." --Journal of Broadcasting and Electronic Media "Well-written and well-conceptualized. . . . Those interested in the feminist perspective in media studies will find this volume valuable. The essays are highly readable. The ideas presented are challenging and offer refreshing insights." --Et Cetera: Journal of General Semantics "An engaging, informative collection of essays . . . fresh, original. . . . The book provides food for thought on how to produce as well as consume television content without perpetuating gender inequities." --Women and Language "Useful to undergraduate and graduate students of women's studies, mass communications, and cultural studies. The introduction provides a succinct explanation of the theoretical groundings of this growing body of research. Clear definitions of terminology are found throughout the volume, making this book accessible to those unschooled in feminist theory. . . . Provides much-needed examples of feminist television content analysis." --Choice "Brown incisively frames these essays with a lucid and straightforward introduction and conclusion. . . . Provocative reading for anyone interested in what is going on in cultural studies . . . the essays work together quite coherently." --Contemporary Sociology	1990	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853964008	A practical guide to teaching reading in the early years	Ann Browne		`This is a clear, jargon-free analysis of current national curriculum and national literacy strategy documents, combined with sensible and creative suggestions for implementing them.... the activities are imaginative, consistent and true to the author's ideal of a full and empowering critical literacy for all children' - Times Educational Supplement,  Friday Magazine  A Practical Guide to Teaching Reading in the Early Years  meets the needs of student teachers on undergraduate and postgraduate teachers training courses. It addresses the English National Curriculum for Teacher Training as well as covering the curriculum requirements for young children. It will also be relevant	1998-11-19	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803939462	Family relations,challenges for the future	Timothy H. Brubaker		As the social world of American families feverishly changes, single-parent families, dual-career couples, and blended families have quickly become the norm rather than the exception. In Family Relations, a distinguished group of leading family researchers including Joan Huber, David Olson, Hamilton McCubbin, and Marilyn Coleman examines the social changes that have gripped society and explains their impact on family relationships and functioning. Initial chapters address principal theories of change; the remainder of the volume addresses the predominant challenges facing contemporary families such as work/family interface, violence, family dysfunction, family crisis, divorce, and the transition to marriage and parenthood. The contributors make suggestions for change in family policy, family therapy, and family life education, and conclude with an overview of the current state of families and future directions. This comprehensive and interesting volume is for students, family researchers, sociologists, psychologists, counselors, family life educators, and policy analysts. "True to its aim it informs about the latest understandings and tools of intervention to help overcome the formidable challenges to the family....there is some worthy scholarship to be found in this volume....chapter 3 on gender and role change is a lively and readable summary." --British Journal of Social Work "[This volume] has much to offer. For example, the volume contains demographic information often needed by practitioners and policymakers at a moment's notice. Literature reviews not only summarize research on a particular topic but also are organized around a theoretical framework. Well-known authors have contributed scholarly, insightful commentaries on current family issues and challenges for the future. In short, this book provides information that practitioners and policymakers could use to do the following: establish the need and rationale for programming and applied research, justify the expenditure of funds for children and families, ground their work in theory and research, conduct in-service education, and consider program evaluation strategies. . . . This book is well-written and provides a valuable resource for the intended readership. I look forward to the second volume." --Journal of Marriage and the Family	1993	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803965041	It's about time,leading school reform in an era of time scarcity	James E. Bruno		Two of the most difficult challenges to school reform are time and the resistance of older teachers to the proposed changes. Based on a large research study involving over 4000 teachers, this book provides a new framework for both issues by placing teacher participation in the change efforts in a direct relationship to time. Quotations from teachers and vignettes of change efforts support the central concepts.	1997-10-30	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761902218	Sustainable democracy,individuality and the politics of the environment	John Buell&Tom DeLuca		One of the most fundamental dilemmas characterizing the end of the twentieth century is the tension between consumerism, on one hand, and the threats to our health and environment on the other. John Buell and Thomas S DeLuca provide a trenchant analysis of the growth of environmentalism during a period of increased conservatism and deregulation. First, they consider the myths that strengthen our understanding of environmental issues and their political ramifications. The authors then probe the intricate relation between economic growth and environmentalism. Finally, they suggest a series of principles and reforms that point to a way out of the bind that threatens to ensnare us.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761902225	Sustainable democracy,individuality and the politics of the environment	John Buell&Tom DeLuca		One of the most fundamental dilemmas characterizing the end of the twentieth century is the tension between consumerism, on one hand, and the threats to our health and environment on the other. John Buell and Thomas S DeLuca provide a trenchant analysis of the growth of environmentalism during a period of increased conservatism and deregulation. First, they consider the myths that strengthen our understanding of environmental issues and their political ramifications. The authors then probe the intricate relation between economic growth and environmentalism. Finally, they suggest a series of principles and reforms that point to a way out of the bind that threatens to ensnare us.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803950610	The Black Progress Question,Explaining the African American Predicament	Stephen Burman		The recent Los Angeles race riots exposed the depth and persistence of the race problem in the United States and symbolized the despair and hopelessness felt in North America's cities. The key question remains: Are African-Americans making any progress towards integration into mainstream society?The Black Progress Question examines the popular responses to this issue and finds them insufficient. For too long, the analysis of black progress has been met with an unwarrented optimism. Stephen Burman presents an alternative approach, sobering in its realism, which will dispel beliefs that a solution to this problem is close at hand.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803983397	The Shaping of Social Organization,Social Rule System Theory with Applications	Tom R. Burns&Helena Flam		The Shaping of Social Organization introduces a new social theory - social rule system theory - and shows how it can provide fresh insights into the major institutions of modern social life.  The book advances a distinctive approach to the study of actor-structure dynamics, placing itself in a rich scholarly tradition developed by major thinkers such as Weber, Lindblom, Giddens and Goffman. It presents social rule system theory as a framework with which to investigate social institutions, and clarifies the principles behind their formation, maintenance and transformation. Drawing on a wide range of case studies, the authors also demonstrate the relevance of the theory for research programs. As a result, they are ab	1987-07-01	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761975359	Performance-based curriculum for music and the visual arts,from knowing to showing	Helen L. Burz&Kit Marshall		Beyond knowledge and content Too often, students are not able to demonstrate what they have learned-especially in music and art. This book provides a unique model for transforming the instructional focus from content centered to student centered, using performance-based standards for music and the visual arts. The authors offer a concise, easy-to-understand framework of curriculum, instruction, and assessment built upon performance-based learning actions. Teachers can use these practical classroom applications to customize relevant and meaningful instruction around critical musical and artistic concepts. Numerous real-life examples of performance-based fine arts are illustrated along with performance benchmarks for Grades 3, 5, 8, and 12. This framework can be used to guide the development of a music and visual arts curriculum throughout a family of schools, by an instructional team, or by individual teachers within one classroom. This book is divided into five major sections:  Overview with question-and-answer format Standards and performance benchmarks for the visual arts Standards and performance benchmarks for music Guide to using technology to support performance benchmarks Guide to planning and analyzing performances Performance design templates and reproducible masters provide practical tools to empower students to "show what they know."	1999	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803965065	Performance-based curriculum for science,from knowing to showing	Helen L. Burz&Kit Marshall		This guide shows you how to develop a performance-based curriculum based on nationally recommended standards. Use these benchmarks and assessments to take your students beyond knowledge and basic skills by teaching them to be accountable for showing what they are learning. Your students will apply their knowledge in a learning performance can you can both observe and measure. Educators, parents, business and industry leaders, and community member throughout the nation want students to be able to demonstrate what they learn. Shifting the focus from "knowing" to "showing" means your instruction, curriculum, assessment, and evaluation will be oriented toward having your students apply what they've learning in meaningful ways.  Performance-Based Curriculum for Science offers you a framework for a logical, incremental transition to a performance-based orientation. Provides performance benchmarks to assess progress at Grades 3, 5, 8, and 12. Offers key competencies, concepts, and content that all students should know.  Benchmarks and examples follow national science standards by  Having students identify the problem to be solved  Using multiple problem-solving strategies  Providing real-world applications of problem solving Also includes templates you can customize and use for teaching your students to "show what they know" and technology connections to apply measurable, performance-based learning to computer-aided classrooms. Written for school and district wide administrators, professional development specialists, science department heads, and individual science teachers who wish to develop performance-based assessments for their classrooms.	1997-04-19	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761947929	The principles and practice of educational management	Tony Bush&Les Bell		The Principles and Practice of Educational Management contains newly commissioned material from leading national and international authors who provide a review of relevant theory and explain relevant research in the field.	2002-08-09	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803982109	Feminist groupwork	Sandra Butler&Claire Wintram		Feminist Groupwork explores the purposes, practice and effectiveness of groupwork with women, drawing upon the authors' own involvement in setting up and running community-based women's groups. The book offers clear accounts of the structured content of group sessions and the definitions and measurements of change developed by participants. It makes a convincing case for adopting a feminist approach with women who are isolated in their own communities and who bear the brunt of socio-political disadvantage. Central to the book is the focus on women's understandings of themselves and their experiences, and how groupwork can lead to potentially liberating interpretations with profound consequences for participants' live	1991	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761958338	Jean Baudrillard,the defence of the real	Rex Butler		This book goes beyond Baudrillard's writings on consumer objects, the Gulf War and America, to identify the fundamental logic that underpins his writings. It does this through a series of close readings of his main texts, paying particular attention to the form and internal coherence of his arguments. The book is written for all those who want a general introduction to Baudrillard's work, and will also appeal to those readers who are interested in social theory, but who have not yet taken Baudrillard seriously.	1999	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803970724	Do arrests and restraining orders work?	Eva Schlesinger Buzawa&Carl G. Buzawa		In this provocative contribution to the debate on which interventions are most effective in reducing domestic violence, a wide range of research methods and analyses are presented and a number of issues raised. These include: whether the criminal justice response to domestic violence is inadequate; whether there is a conflict of interest between society and the victim of violence; and whether alternative means should be used to deter chronic batterers who are undeterred by the criminal justice response.	1996-03-12	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803965126	Research on the education of our nation's teachers	David M. Byrd&D. John McIntyre		Focusing on the education of teachers in the United States, this volume addresses the areas of context, process, curriculum and communication.	1997	Corwin Press, Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780803981713	Becoming and Being Old,Sociological Approaches to Later Life	Bill Bytheway&Teresa Keil&Patricia Allatt		In this volume contributors examine the assumptions normally made about the elderly and offer differing sociological perspectives on becoming and being old, and on the concept of age itself. Instead of seeing the elderly in terms of needs, they offer alternative analyses in light of class, gender and race. Examining the life-cycle perspective on old age, they show how retirement from the workforce is only one aspect of becoming old, and arguably one which is important for only a minority of the ageing population.	1989-03-01	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803959828	Family violence from a communication perspective / edited by Dudley D. Cahn & Sally A. Lloyd	Dudley D. Cahn&Sally A. Lloyd		Going beyond the traditional psychological and sociological approaches, this ground-breaking volume presents a new theoretical framework for understanding and resolving abusive family interactions: it takes a communication perspective to examine the interactional processes at the core of domestic abuse, aggression and violence.Covering spouse, child, elderly parent and courtship abuse, the contributors explore both commonalities and differences in emotional, psychological, verbal and sexual abuse. They illustrate how these different types of abuse stem from problematic communication patterns integral to the power imbalance inherent in abusive relationships. The contributors also suggest ways of modifying these patterns.	1996-04-16	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853962158	Small enterprise development,policy and practice in action	Kevin Caley		Small Enterprise Development bridges the gap between research and public policy in the fast changing field of small business development. The thirteen chapters have been written by some of the UK's leading and emerging small business researchers. They present findings from current and on-going research studies in a number of current areas of small business development. They identify the application of their findings for policymakers, who are involved in both the design and delivery of small business policy at national and local levels.	1992	P. Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803947788	Living with AIDS,experiencing ethical problems	Miriam Cameron		There has been much written about ethical problems, but little about the actual experiences of those facing such problems. This volume presents the real life moral dilemmas of people with AIDS, and their resolution, involving such issues as relationships, sexuality, discrimination and death. Their stories, told in their own words, illustrate how individual and societal responsibility can lead to ethical living and effective resolutions to ethical problems involving AIDS, as well as ethical problems in general.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803947795	Living with AIDS,experiencing ethical problems	Miriam Cameron		There has been much written about ethical problems, but little about the actual experiences of those facing such problems. This volume presents the real life moral dilemmas of people with AIDS, and their resolution, involving such issues as relationships, sexuality, discrimination and death. Their stories, told in their own words, illustrate how individual and societal responsibility can lead to ethical living and effective resolutions to ethical problems involving AIDS, as well as ethical problems in general.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788132102915	How To Publish Your Phd	Sarah Caro		How to Publish Your PhD is the first book to provide students with a comprehensive and authoritative guide to publishing their research. A wealth of practical information and advice is included on: - choosing a publisher - revising your thesis - putting together a proposal - surviving the review process - negotiating a contract - working with your publisher's marketing department. It will be an invaluable resource for students across the broadest range of the humanities and social sciences and for all those teaching and advising them.	2009	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761957881	Counselling supervision in context	Michael Carroll&Elizabeth Holloway		`The book is written in such a way as to challenge and educate through the use of exercises, scenarios and activities. Something it does rather well.... A well-written, practical and informative publication... of value to supervisees, supervisors and all those involved in counsellor and supervisor training' - Counselling Psychology Review  `This book... argues that the social context is important for the individual client, supervisee and supervisor, as is the context in which the work and supervision are done... it is a clear, well-written and enjoyable book, containing helpful information for both supervisees and supervisors' - Transformations, The PCSR Journal  There is an increasing awareness of the impact of individual factors on therapeutic work, both with clients and with their counsellors in supervision, but the influence of social contexts on this work has been less clearly articulated. This book provides counsellors with practical information about supervising specific types of clients and in specific organizational settings.  Part One addresses four essential aspects of the individual - race, gender, disability and sexual orientation, exploring their influence on the therapeutic relationship and the supervision of trainee and experienced counsellors. Part Two assesses the impact of the organizations where counselling takes place - how different kinds of settings affect work with clients and thus the work of supervision. By highlighting context as a potential source of difficulty for the client, the book encourages trainees and supervisors to look beyond the individual and avoid placing the burden of responsibility for problems upon the client.	1999-02-22	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781873942345	Getting it right,a behaviour curriculum : lesson plans for small group delivery (key stages 3 and 4)	Julie Casey		`The manual provides a structured programme that offers coping strategies to troubled pupils. As it is so well focused, teachers and LSAs would feel able to effectively deliver this support to pupils who are struggling to cope emotionally and behaviourally' - SNIP  The Getting it Right materials provide a motivating, structured and comprehensive programme which aims to offer even the most troubled pupils the opportunity to develop the skills, knowledge, understanding and self-belief which will help them to survive school.  Structured for small group work, the four sections include:  " motivating pupils " setting and achieving goals " locus of control  " the classroom context.  This resource will be welcomed by all those who work with difficult pupils in assisting their inclusion in mainstream education.	2002-01-01	Lucky Duck						ZZZ000000
9780803937086	Courtship	Rodney M. Cate&Sally A. Lloyd		Dating. Courtship. These words evoke great interest in nearly every reader. In Courtship, the authors explore courtship research, paying particular attention to differences between relationship development and deterioration and courtship development and deterioration. They describe factors that affect the later course of marriage, trace the historical roots of courtship in America, discuss various models of courtship that have guided research in this area for the past 40 years, examine circumstantial factors that discriminate between stable and unstable premarital relationships, explore the "dark side" of courtship--violence between dating partners--and reveal the processes involved in the dissolution phase of premarital relationships. The volume concludes with a look at the future of courtship as an institution and suggestions for further research. Provocative and thoughtfully presented, Courtship is directed to advanced undergraduate students, graduate students and professionals in psychology, communication, sociology, family studies, and social work. "This volume should have broad appeal for both students and professionals. It is clearly and carefully written, and draws on scholarship from several relevant disciplines. The authors do an outstanding job of summarizing extant research in a fashion that is digestible to undergraduate students, yet useful to the interested researcher. Cate and Lloyd have painted a coherent and provocative picture of a broad and difficult phenomenon. Their synthesis should be useful in helping to establish a sound agenda for future research on mating and dating." --ISSPR Bulletin "This volume of the Sage Series on Close Relationships provides a cogent, concise, and highly readable overview of courtship. Given the book's brevity, one is favorably surprised by the amount and depth of material covered. . . . Many insights are offered. . . . The inclusion of the darker side of dating relationships is a welcome addition. . . . Chapters . . . weave a scholarly narrative with such expertise that the reader may come away with the feeling of having read a well-written and well-documented historical novel. . . . The authors are to be commended for their articulate and insightful coverage of this aspect of relational life. Regardless of discipline, students of personal relationships would benefit greatly from this review." --Journal of Marriage & The Family	1992-06-22	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803956377	Exploring urban America,an introductory reader	Roger W. Caves		This collection of seminal articles will introduce undergraduate students to the interdisciplinary field of urban studies and urban affairs. It investigates a variety of areas including: cities and urbanism, urban history, urban policy, economic development, community development, community services and infrastructure, housing, urban education and growth. Each section of the collection is introduced by a leading figure in the field. This well- integrated and accessible book will be a useful introductory text.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803938250	Land use planning,the ballot box revolution	Roger W. Caves		Increasingly, people are turning to the ballot box to decide questions of land use policy in many parts of the United States. Have the citizens lost faith in the decisions of their elected officials? Are they turning to the ballot box as a last resort or do they simply want to participate more in deciding matters that will impact their lives? In this timely volume, Roger Caves discusses how direct democracy has evolved in the United States, the reasons for its use in a land use planning context, and some of the legal issues surrounding its use. The topic of ballot box planning has never been treated in such detail as Caves does in this original examination. Case studies of Barnstable County, Massachusetts; Portland, Maine; San Diego, California; and Seattle, Washington illustrate both successful and unsuccessful ballot measures concerned with land use issues. Political, socio-economic, and environmental concerns are profiled throughout the case studies. Professionals and students in public policy, American politics, urban studies, and planning will enjoy this insightful volume. "I found Cave's book an especially welcome contribution because it fills a significant gap in the literature on the relationship between direct democracy and growth management. It is the only book that I know of on the subject." --Journal of Planning Education and Research USED AS A WHOLE, THIS QUOTE IS REDUNDANT/CUT WHEN USING "Roger Caves' work describes the efforts of citizens to use direct democracy in growth management efforts. . . . The book is unique in both its focus on local, substate use of this tool, and in its analysis of the direct democracy movement as it applies to the regulatory processes of local government. . . . the book specifically addresses the issues and techniques used in the direct democracy movement as applied to growth management and land use. Organized in a progressive manner from general to specific, the book's structure enhances its usefulness. . . . highly readable. . . . It does aid in understanding the processes and tools of direct democracy and their applications in modern society. Further, the author puts to rest some of the myths surrounding the concept of voter activism." --APA Journal	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788132102946	Toolkit For Organizational Change	Tupper Cawsey and gene deszca		Toolkit for Organizational Change book provides insights and practical tools for anyone involved in organizational change. Bridging current theory with practical applications, this easy-to-use toolkit combines conceptual models with concrete examples and useful exercises to dramatically improve the knowledge, skills, and abilities of students in creating effective change.Key features: - Takes a pragmatic, action-oriented approach: The authors provide frameworks to help students understand, plan, implement, and evaluate change. - Emphasizes the measurement of change: Students will learn not only that measurement is crucial to determine the progress of change plans but also that measurement itself is a change tool. - Demonstrates principles and applications: Engaging, real-world examples, exercises, and cases illustrate theory and concepts. - Offers an integrating organizational change model: Each chapter is positioned in the organizational change model so that students can see the connections between topics and chapters.This core text is designed for advanced undergraduate and graduate courses such as Organizational Change, Organizational Development, Enhancing Organizational Effectiveness, and Leadership and Change in the departments of business & management and industrial & organizational psychology. It will be of interest to middle managers, change agents, organizational development specialists, and senior executives.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781412927178	Making sense of the social world,methods of investigation	Daniel F. Chambliss&Russell K. Schutt		In this Second Edition of the bestselling Making Sense of the Social World: Methods of Investigation, authors Daniel F. Chambliss and Russell K. Schutt once again provide students with an engaging, innovative, and accurate introduction to social research. More than a brief derivative of Schutt's widely successful Investigating the Social World, this version is written in a less formal, occasionally humorous style, with more concise examples drawn from everyday experience, and less coverage of complex or more rigorous methods.	2006-02-16	Pine Forge Press						ZZZ000000
9781853962011	Population matters,the local dimension	Anthony Gerard Champion		The purpose of this book is to examine the scale and significance of the local dimensions of these developments and the implications for central government complementing the existing literature, which focuses almost entirely on the overall national picture. It contains a set of ten original studies which demonstrate the existence of marked geographical variations in population profiles and trends and highlight the main implications and responses. The focus is primarily on those policy areas where there needs to be a local-scale mechanism for decision-making and implementation, such as education, labour recruitment, housebuilding needs, social services and health care.	1993	Chapman						ZZZ000000
9788178293967	Knowledge Based Marketing : The Twenty-First Century Competitive Edge	Chaston		In recent years, organizations and even governments across the globe have begun to appreciate the critical role of knowledge in stimulating and sustaining rapid growth. Many believe that, in a modern economy, knowledge is the most important resource within companies based anywhere in the world. The advent of the Internet and automated e-business systems has provided an important catalyst for firms wishing to exploit the benefits of using knowledge to support their electronic trading activities./-//-/Knowledge Based Marketing is a guide to how knowledge can be utilized to underpin and enhance the marketing management function within organisations. Ian Chaston covers all aspects of this concept by drawing upon various published sources and by the use of case materials to illustrate knowledge management in practice.	2004-06-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803940437	Controversial issues in social welfare policy,government and the pursuit of happiness	Carl P. Chelf		This volume discusses what lessons have been learnt from past efforts to eliminate poverty in the United States, such as the 1935 Social Security Act and the 1964 War on Poverty, and what steps should be taken in the future. Chelf has radical suggestions for the future elimination of poverty. He advocates that it is necessary to develop a social and political agenda recognizing the need to invest and re-invest in human resources.	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803973022	The ecology of health,identifying issues and alternatives	Jennifer Chesworth		The contributors to this innovative and wide-ranging volume reflect on the philosophical issues surrounding health and ecology. They examine the policy issues involved in health and health ecology, and explore the paths that may eventually lead to a new ecology of health.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412902649	Transsexualism,Illusion and Reality	Colette Chiland		Transsexualism is a stimulating, proactive and important book. Colette Chiland does not back away from difficult issues. She forces all of us to look at our assumptions about t5ranssexualism and to re-examine what gender and sex really mean' - Christine Ware, author of Where Id Was: Challenging Normalization in Psychoanalysis 'In a nutshell, the book offers a much-needed alternative view of transsexuality from a psychiatric and European point of view... Chiland's interesting and well presented book is a valued reminder of how different the same topic can appear in an alternative perspective' - Transgender Tapestry Colette Chiland exhibits a masterful and encyclopedic knowledge of transsexualism, drawing together the insights of depth psychology, psychoanalysis, history, anthropology and sociology for rethinking transsexualism in terms of identity, subjectivity and the wider socio-historical world. This book is written with considerable precision on complex, technical issues, whilst at the same time keeping the broader question of the relationship between transsexualism and society firmly in mind.	2003-01-30	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803973176	Interviewing in depth,the interactive-relational approach	John T. Chirban		In-depth interviews are used extensively across the social sciences by qualitative researchers and professionals. The traditional, empirical interview does not develop a relationship between the interviewer and interviewee and minimizes the interviewer's personal reaction to the interviewee. In many cases, this interviewing style is appropriate and sufficient for gathering data. However, what if the interviewer seeks a more profound exploration and fuller understanding of the individual being studied?This volume presents a valuable alternative interviewing approach - the interactive-relational - that promotes a clearer, deeper portrait of the person interviewed. This technique encourages the interviewer to participate more	1996-06-03	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761993308	Operationalising sustainable development,economic-ecological modelling for developing countries	Kanchan Ratna Chopra&Gopal K. Kadekodi		This book applies the concept of sustainable development operationally to the development of the forest, water, agricultural and livestock sectors of one of India's most `underdeveloped' districts. In so doing, the authors undertake a detailed modelling of the linkages between the ecological and economic sectors, making this an original and significant study in methodological terms.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803987876	Human resource management and technical change	Jon Clark&Jon Clark (Ph. D.)		What role do human resource managers play in the processes of technical change in organizations? What opportunities or constraints are presented by different dimensions of technical change? How does technical change affect such issues as job design, supervision, total quality management, team-working, increased flexibility, skills training and employee involvement? In addressing these central themes and debates, this book provides a systematic analysis of the relations between technical change and human resource management (HRM).The contributors draw on research and case studies to clearly demonstrate that effective technical change in organizations is integrally related to effective HRM - as much by general and line manag	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803938007	Urban innovation,creative strategies for turbulent times	Terry N. Clark		"The book provides a wealth of statistically-based evidence to substantiate or repudiate important arguments and assumptions central to the radical changes that are occurring in cities and municipal government." --Max Barlow in Journal of Economic and Social Geography More and more often, city governments operate under turbulent conditions: severe cutbacks in grants from national governments, drop in voter turnouts, taxpayer revolts, and a population of dissatisfied citizens. Urban Innovation addresses these issues by exploring how cities can innovate in the face of such challenges. Based on survey data from the Fiscal Austerity and Innovation Project, this volume reassesses theories of political leadership and government decision making, discusses the ways that cities have made innovations over the past decade, and reviews 33 specific strategies and their results. Some of the other issues this volume addresses are race and class, the growth and decline of city governments, and the intergovernmental aid cutbacks made during the Reagan administration. The turbulence of the past two decades is critical in reshaping our way of thinking about how governments work. Urban Innovation will be useful for students, faculty, and professionals in urban studies, political science, and policy studies.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803977686	Managing social policy	John Clarke&Allan Cochrane&Eugene McLaughlin		This innovative text offers an assessment of the role of management in the restructuring of social welfare in contemporary Britain.In the transformation of the welfare state since the 1970s, management has been accorded a central role. New forms and ideas of management have had profound consequences for: the organization and delivery of public services; the political processes of policy formation; systems of accountability; and the experiences both of the recipients of services and of those working within public sector organizations. Examining the significance of managerialism, this book offers a unique insight into the current shaping of social welfare.	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803976115	The managerial state,power, politics and ideology in the remaking of social welfare	John Clarke&Janet Newman		Authors John Clarke and Janet Newman present an original analysis of the creation of new state forms that critically examines the political forces that enabled "more and better management" to be presented as a solution to the problems of the welfare state in Britain. Examining the micro-politics of change within public services, the authors draw links among politics, policies, and organizational power to present an incisive and dynamic account of the restructuring of social welfare. Clarke and Newman expose the tensions and contradictions in the managerial state and trace the emergence of new dilemmas in the provision of public services. They show that these problems are connected to the recurring difficulties in defining the "the public" that receives these services. In particular they question whether the reinvention of the public as either a nation of consumers or a nation of communities can effectively address the implications of social diversity. A cogent critique of the social, political, and organizational conflicts and instabilities that are embedded in new state forms, The Managerial State will be essential reading for students and academics in social policy, public policy, and public management. It will also be of interest to academics in sociology, politics, and organization studies.	1997	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803975552	Critical issues in clinical practice	Jennifer Clegg		`An extremely valuable addition to literature that one cannot help but be informed and educated by. I highly recomend it.' - British journal of Clinical Psychology  With a focus on clinical psychology, this book explores the challenges and confusions generated by postmodernism. Identifying contemporary concerns in clinical practice and seeking responses to current questions, the book asks: Are professionals really self-serving individuals pretending to be altruistic? Are ethics the guarantor of good practice in a post-scientific age? How can we recognize and train the ethical practitioner? What models of practice will be useful in the future?  Critical Issues in Clinical Practice sets an agenda for all researchers in clinical practice seeking key topics and themes, an agenda that promises clarity to practitioners bludgeoned by the rapid turnover of ideas that is postmodern culture. It challenges both researchers, practitioners and students to reach beyond the celebration of diversity, to consider how to construct new alliances and purpose.	1998	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761974918	Key methods in geography	Nicholas J. Clifford&Gill Valentine		Key Methods in Geography is an introduction for undergraduates to the principal methodological issues involved in the collection, analysis and presentation of geographical information. It provides an accessible primer, which will be used by students as a reference throughout their degree, on all issues from research design to presentation. A unique feature of the book is that it provides definitions of terms from both human geography and physical geography. Organized into four parts: Getting Started in Geographical Research; Data Collection in Human Geography; Data Collection in Physical Geography; Analyzing and Representing Geographical Data. Each chapter is comprised of a short definition, a summary of the principal arguments, a substantive 5,000-word discussion, the use of real-life examples, and annotated notes for further reading.The teaching of research methods is integral in all geography courses. Key Methods in Geography identifies the key analytical and observational strategies with which all geography undergraduates should be conversant.	2003	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803985728	The Social origins of nationalist movements,the contemporary West European experience	John Coakley		Nationalism has reemerged as one of the  major issues in western European politics and society in the early 1990s. This timely volume brings the key theoretical perspectives to bear on the social context within which nationalist movements arise and evaluates the empirical evidence on this issue from a number of nationalist movements. It presents case studies of particular regions or minorities within the context of a larger state including the Jura, Sardinia, Brittany, Scotland and Northern Ireland. In contrast, the Nordic region study illustrates a situation where the prerequisites of nationalist agitation are present, but where vigorous nationalist movements have been absent.	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803982024	Politics in transition	Allan Cochrane&James Anderson&Open University		Politics in Transition is a unique and innovative introduction to the key debates about politics and the state in the United Kingdom today. The authors draw on a wide range of disciplines - politics, sociology and economics - to highlight the issue of structural change and uneven development. The authors locate the United Kingdom firmly within the world political system but also investigate the roots of its individuality within that system. They analyse the ways in which the country is itself fragmented regionally, socially and at a local level.Politics in Transition is a course book for the Open University course, D314 Restructuring Britain.	1989	Sage Publications in association with the Open University						ZZZ000000
9781412902465	Doing action research in your own organization	David Coghlan&Teresa Brannick		`A complete and well rounded approach to the subject' - Action Learning: Research and Practice  `This book, like the first edition, is indispensable reading for students however; the second edition will also be ably support established academics who may be seeking an entry-point for action research in their own organizations' - Ontario Action Research Network  Doing Action Research in Your Own Organization - Second Edition is an essential starting point for any student or researcher about to embark on an action research project in the fields of organization studies, health studies and education studies.   David Coghlan and Teresa Brannick offer an easy-to-follow, hands-on guide to every aspect of conducting an action research project in your own organization. Doing Action Research in Your Own Organization is the perfect book for doctoral/Ph.D., MA or MBA students seeking a research topic based around their own work experiences.   Revised and updated throughout, the Second Edition contains:  - No-nonsense guidance to the basics of doing action research projects - Detailed coverage of both theory and methods in action research - Up-to-date discussions of action learning and the role of the researcher - A focus on the politics and ethics of action research - Help for students and researchers in a wide range of different types of organization - Exercises and help with writing-up your research  This book is essential reading for students and established academics alike seeking an entry-point to conducting research in their own organizations.	2005	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803970885	Organizational learning	Michael D. Cohen&Lee Sproull		"[An] intellectually stimulating collection of essays." --Business Today How do organizations learn, change, and adapt? The study of "organizational learning" allows researchers to map an organization's past behavior and gain insight into how stream of experience becomes a basis for action in the present. The chapters in Organizational Learning, all from first-rate researchers, contribute to the development of organizational learning theory in three ways. They delineate its scope, differentiating it from ecology, choice, and individual learning. They demonstrate the explanatory power of a learning perspective, and they illustrate the application of research tools useful for studies of learning. Organizational Learning is an essential resource for scholars and researchers in the field of organization and management studies.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803932661	Social research in communication and law	Jeremy Cohen&Timothy W. Gleason		It is not unusual for communication and media researchers to study law or legal issues, nor is it uncommon for legal scholars to study communication law. But it is something of a departure for the two to commingle, which is what Cohen and Gleason have accomplished in this innovative volume. Social Research in Communication and Law is a practical guide for conducting research involving both legal and communication questions. Offering rich citations and examples from existing literature, this engaging volume shows communication law scholars how to make more effective use of the methodologies employed in communication science. Topics addressed include reconciling communication and law, social research approaches to libel, and theories pertaining to freedom of expression. Cohen and Gleason have produced a valuable book that can be effectively used to supplement courses in communication law, history, sociology, and media ethics. In addition, scholars and researchers in the above fields will also benefit from this unique volume. "Cohen and Gleason provide a practical guide for conducting research involving both legal and communication questions. The book shows communication law scholars how to make more effective use of the social science methodologies." --Journal of Broadcasting and Electronic Media	1990	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853964077	Parent, student and teacher collaboration,the power of three	Peter Coleman		In this accessible book, the author demonstrates that school improvement must start with a reconsideration of school effects upon the home, and home effects upon the school. The students' school experience must acknowledge the daily influence of the family in the classroom. To ignore this `hidden link' is to remain ignorant about students' lives and motivations, and makes it very difficult for educators to improve schools and schooling. Based on extensive research, Parent, Student and Teacher Collaboration provides invaluable guidance and insight.	1998	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803982277	Regionalism, business interests, and public policy	William Donald Coleman&Henry J. Jacek		This book explores and assesses the importance of the relationship between regional protest movements and the territorial organization of business interests.Drawing on comparative research into business interest associations in nine countries in Europe and North America, the authors show that regional differentiation is an important feature of systems of business associations in all countries. This book includes case studies of countries where such movements are an important phenomenon - Spain, Switzerland, France, Belgium, Canada and the UK. It also includes contrasting studies from West Germany and the USA, where regional movements have not been a prominent feature of national political life.	1989	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803979963	Masculinities, crime and criminology,men, heterosexuality and the criminal(ised) other	Richard Collier		Masculinities, Crime and Criminology presents an innovative and timely reading of issues which are central to the questions that have arisen in criminology: Why is crime so overwhelmingly an activity conducted by men? Is crime a `masculine' phenomena?  Richard Collier explores a number of high-profile events and debates around crime, criminal justice and social (dis)order, and examines recent criminological, media and political interpretations of the relationship between men, masculinities and crime.	1998	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761903208	Scientific and technical communication,theory, practice, and policy	James H. Collier&David M. Toomey		Scientific and Technical Communication is a major textbook that represents a new focus area in communication studies. It integrates multidisciplinary perspectives on the relations among rhetoric, science, technology, and public policymaking to the process and product of technical communication. The text is inspired by science and technology studies (STS), a field emerging from the history, sociology, and philosophy of science and technology--which also has roots in economics, political theory, and rhetoric. Reformulating the issues raised by STS within the context of technical communication, Scientific and Technical Communication is composed of three highly integrated parts. Part I provides a summary, critique, and alternative to recent theoretical perspectives developed in the rhetoric of science and the sociology of scientific knowledge. Part II applies these critical alternatives to the traditional practices of scientific and technical communication and shows how these new practices can be applied to the communication that is vital in forming national and local science and technology policy.  This hands-on, introductory textbook will supply students and professionals in the areas of scientific and technical communication, rhetoric, and media studies with broad-based and applicable knowledge in this area.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781873942093	Because We're Worth It,Enhancing Self-Esteem in Young Children	Margaret Collins		`This is a very practical book that is easy to follow and would be a welcome addition to a teacher's resource list. I would suggest that a lot of these activities are already used in most school environments but that teachers may not realize the real benefits for the child' - Nursery World  From the author of the best selling Circle Time for the Very Young comes another delightful book. Aimed at 4 to 9 year olds it offers the teacher a host of practical ideas to enhance childrens self-esteem.  This book seeks to help teachers deliver that part of the national curriculum devoted to helping children to value themselves, to understand their own character, strengths and weaknesses, and to use their talents and opportunities. The book has 10 sections that cover the requirements of the national curriculum, helping children to:  " develop relationships " take responsibility " feel positive.  This book also provides activities that will help teachers deliver this part of the National Curriculum.  Margaret Collins is a former headteacher of an infant and first school. She is now Visiting Fellow in the School of Education at the University of Southampton. She researches children's perceptions of health education topics, writes and co-writes teaching materials for children, books and articles on personal, social, health and citizenship education (PSHCE).	2001-01-01	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781412910736	But Is It Bullying?,Teaching Positive Relationships to Young Children	Margaret Collins		` Although target at educators working with young children, this book lends itself to use with older primary pupils and, with some careful attention being paid to the issues of `age appropriateness', to a wide range of children with learning difficulties, including those attending special schools' - SENCO Update  `The guidance is clear, practical and teacher-friendly and encapsulates current best primary practice' - TES Extra for Special Needs  Bullying establishes itself as soon as young children begin to engage in social groups - someone is left out... someone is different... someone gets hurt. If you are eager to intervene early to support children aged 5 - 12 years in forming collaborative and empathic relationships, this is the resource to help you do it!   Using research findings from over 400 children's views, the book looks at:   - name-calling - teasing - excluding - physical aggression - verbal harm - taking and breaking  Each lesson plan follows the same format with a poster-related discussion, class and follow-up activities, developmental work, research activity and lesson review. The book comes with a CD-ROM to print out the six posters as well as 48 individual illustrations. You will not be disappointed with the ease with which the author's ideas translate into classroom use!  Margaret Collins is a former headteacher of an infant and first school. She is now Visiting Fellow in the School of Education at the University of Southampton. She researches children's perceptions of health education topics, writes and co-writes teaching materials for children, books and articles on personal, social, health and citizenship education (PSHCE).	2005-06-13	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780803925502	Max Weber,a skeleton key	Randall Collins		A concise overview of sociology's greatest classic thinker. Weber emerges as a multisided intellectual personality, whose intellectual ambivalence is related to a neurotic breakdown in mid career and to the compromises he was forced to make among the conflicting politievanscal and intellectual currents of his time. Here we see what kinds of philosophical idealism Weber favored and what kinds he rejected, as well as his position on the "battle of methods" among the economists of his day. Weber's famous "Protestant Ethic" thesis is put in proper perspective as an intellectual gambit in one particular period of his life, rather than as his central achievement. Weber's overall view of social change is examined, drawing on several of his crucial but little-known works, on the sociology of ancient agrarian societies and on the long chain of organizational conditions that finally led to modern capitalism. Also treated are Weber's major works on the sociology of religion and his contributions to systematic theory, especially social stratification. The many strands of Weber's theorizing, and his tremendous scope of comparisons across world history, are here brought into a clear and manageable focus. "Randall Collins is the leading sociological theorist of his generation. He has also done more than anyone else to use and develop Weberian sociology. Accordingly we expect much from Collins on Weber and Max Weber does not disappoint." --Whitney Pope, Indiana University "A lively, efficient, reliable interpretation, captivating for the novice, provocative for the expert. . . . Typical Collins." --Alan Sica, University of Kansas "A good introductory survey of Weber's major writings. It is interesting reading and highly informative." --Contemporary Sociology "A good capsule biography . . . very readable . . . honors clarity, style, and the value of popular understanding." --The Madison Independent Books in Review "Ideal for an introductory course on Weber." --Ethics	1986	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803962279	Reaching students,teachers' ways of knowing	Vivienne Collinson		How do exemplary teachers `reach' students, and how do they know when they have? How can other teachers develop the skills and awareness necessary to become exemplary teachers? Vivienne Collinson addresses these questions and provides detailed information on successful practical strategies. She also illustrates the influence of teachers' beliefs on how they structure the physical, intellectual and social culture of their classrooms. The book links theory and classroom practice to increase understanding of the role of intrapersonal and interpersonal knowledge and skills in teaching and learning.	1996-03-28	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788178298658	Cases In The Environment Of Business : International Perspectives	Conklin		Cases in the Environment of Business offers an outstanding collection of relevant, classroom-tested cases. In discussing the cases, students participate in managerial decisions in an international context. Most cases deal with a variety of environmental forces, but generally a single set of forces plays a predominant role. In view of this, the cases are divided in accordance with the following themes:- Industry structure: responses to strategies of customers, suppliers and competitors, dependence of profitability on unique value-added attributes, and the shift of certain activities to low-wage countries- Macroeconomic variables: income levels and growth rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, interest rates, and unemployment rates- Political variables: regulations, financial incentives, taxation, foreign investment restrictions, and international trade and investment agreements- Societal variables: labour and environmental practices, ethics, corporate social responsibility, Boards of Directors, and demographics- Technological variables: technological infrastructure and the pace and direction of technological changes, including in particular the Internet and e-business	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761975069	Good news!,how to get the best possible media coverage for your school	Gail A. Conners		"A hot topic! This book is tailored to help schools when intersecting with the media." Grant Rich, Assistant Professor Department of Education Antioch College Learn how to manage your school's image before a crisis hits. This step-by-step guide shows you how to create a positive public perception of your school-even if you have no background in public relations. Whether publicizing good news or handling sensitive situations, your relationship with the media will determine how the community views your school.  In good times and bad, the community will support you based on your ability to manage your school's image. Gail A. Conners, a public information specialist with extensive educational background, gives the reader an inside look at the media and outlines simple steps to becoming media savvy. Through real-life scenarios, you'll discover valuable and easy strategies to create goodwill for your school. Special features include:   Developing an effective communications plan Building credibility and accountability within the community Forming a relationship of trust with the media Crisis communications-schools in turmoil Pre-emptive measures for anticipated conflict Using newsletters and the Internet for strategic aims  In today's challenging times, an effective public relations program for schools is no longer a luxury. This book is a must-have guide for training school personnel to work with the media for optimal school image. Administrators, superintendents, business managers, and school principals responsible for their school's perception in the community will find this a valuable resource.	2000-01-01	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788178298566	Management Accounting : Principles And Applications	Hugh Coombs&D Ellis Jenkins&David Hobbs		This Book Adopts A New And Accessible Approach To Helping Readers Understand How Management Accounting Contributes To Decision Making By Examining A Variety Of Organisational Contexts. It Sets Out Clear Explanations Of Practical Management Accounting Techniques And Analyses The Issues That Often Influence Decision Makers Operating Within Private And Public Sector Organisations. Features Include:L Case Studies Of Varying Complexity That Will Allow Students To Work At Their Own LevelL Summaries Of Important Research ArticlesL Key Learning Objectives And End Of Chapter Questions.	2007-09-17	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781873942635	Hidden Tears and Happy Smiles,Living with Andrew and Other Special Children	Rachel Cooper		Rachel tells a powerful story about the difficulties she faced as Andrew's mother.  Claire Rayner writes of this book:  This account of life with a disabled child and other people with disabled children, written by an author who, herself, started out with a disability is a labour of love that deserves the attention of a great many people who work in this field, as well as, of course, other parents. Its touching, its highly readable, but it is, above all, real. I do recommend it to you.  This book will help professionals understand the difficulties parents have to face. It will help and guide parents with special children. It is powerful because in it we hear the voices of real people.	2001-01-01	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803963115	Supporting the spirit of learning,when process is content	Arthur L. Costa&Rosemarie M. Liebmann		This work describes how curriculum development, instruction, assessment, and teaching are different in a process-oriented learning organization.	1997-01-27	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803963139	The process-centered school,sustaining a renaissance community	Arthur L. Costa&Rosemarie M. Liebmann		School reform efforts in the United States during the last decade have tended to concentrate on issues including professionalizing teaching, site-based decision-making, increasing the school day and academic year, and national assessments. The curriculum has been only peripherally addressed. This book focuses on the curriculum, detailing steps that need to be taken to move from a traditional school system to a true learning organization.	1997-01-27	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761951001	The philosophy of science,science and objectivity	George Couvalis		This comprehensive textbook provides a clear nontechnical introduction to the philosophy of science. Through asking whether science can provide us with objective knowledge of the world, the book provides a thorough and accessible guide to the key thinkers and debates that define the field.  George Couvalis surveys traditional themes around theory and observation, induction, probability, falsification and rationality as well as more recent challenges to objectivity including relativistic, feminist and sociological readings. This provides a helpful framework in which to locate the key intellectual contributions to these debates, ranging from those of Mill and Hume, through Popper and Kuhn to Laudan, Bloor and Garfinkel among	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803943131	Nurses in the workplace	Marie E. Cowart&William J. Serow		The dynamics of the workplace for nurses are examined in this volume from the perspective of four health care industries.Focusing on acute care hospitals, nursing homes, home health agencies and hospices, the contributors explore crucial issues for nursing and for health care systems. They present an extensive literature review on the causes and impacts of the US nursing shortage, introduce projections for the need for nurses and scrutinize recent policies. Results from a survey of hospitals, nursing homes, community-based employment and temporary staff agencies are discussed and integrated with interpretations of market forces.	1992-04-23	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761942153	Essential social psychology	Richard J. Crisp&Rhiannon N. Turner		Essential Social Psychology introduces students to the core theories, approaches, and findings that are the necessary foundations for developing an understanding of social psychology. The text focuses specifically on theory and basic level empirical demonstrations of the key phenomena, to ensure that the key concepts are as accessible as possible. The aim is to be informative without swamping students with too much information.	2007-02-16	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761958857	Social policy and risk	Ian Culpitt		`As the study of social policy comes increasingly to address issues of theorising welfare in a period of fundamental social change, Culpitt's book is especially welcome in helping to update the reader in many of the debates and explorations surrounding social change, in particular those instigated by Foucault some two decades ago - his work on "governmentality" is central to Culpitt's book - and by Beck on risk more recently. The book also serves as a useful introduction to other key thinkers influencing social theory today whose work also addresses issues central to social policy, such as Giddens, Honneth and Turner' - Martin Hewitt, University of Hertfordshire This book examines the notion of risk in relation to social policy. It takes ideas about risk (as expressed by sociologists such as Ulrich Beck in Risk Society), and applies them to recent changes in welfare. The author shows neo-liberals have used various aspects of risk to attack welfare dependency, and how various rhetoric's of risk have been used to reshape contemporary politics.  Social Policy and Risk makes a major contribution to our understanding of contemporary welfare politics.	1999	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803947115	Facework	William R. Cupach&Sandra Metts		Designed to acquaint readers with the most up-to-date information on close relationship theory and research, Facework provides a thorough examination of the authors' research, as well as that of others, on the self-aspects of communication in intimate relationships. Gaining face, maintaining face, and losing face all have numerous implications in the management of close relationships. Cupach and Metts make a compelling case for facework as basic relationship currency at any stage of a relationship, whether it be formation, maintenance, or disengagement. Written in a clear, humorous style, Facework offers the reader a very pleasurable learning experience and the opportunity to gain deeper insight into the management of problematic situations occurring in close relationships. Professionals and scholars in psychology, sociology, communication, family studies, and social work will find Facework a stimulating, informative, and indispensable volume.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803959903	Intercultural interactions,a practical guide	Kenneth Cushner&Richard W. Brislin		This new edition of Intercultural Interactions presents a fully updated set of training materials which have been developed to form the basis of a variety of cross-cultural orientation programmes. These materials are based on the assumption that there are commonalities, or similar personal experiences, when people live and work in cultures other than their own. More comprehensive in scope than its predecessor, the Second Edition also contains a practical new user's guide, and its expanded coverage draws readers in with more vivid scenarios and examples reflecting changing world events and social milieu.	1996	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803942684	Transmission,toward a post-television culture	Peter D'Agostino&David Tafler		The essays in this volume investigate the impact of all media, including the emerging technologies, on the social, cultural, economic and political climate in the context of aesthetic values, and issues of gender, race and class. Transmission examines the array of forces moving the contemporary video landscape forward, comparing the past with the present as well as the future as it looks at the impact of video on commercial television, the relationship of media to the social causes it (mis)represents and the effects of new communication tools on participating constituents.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803982994	Analyzing social and political change,a casebook of methods	Angela Dale&Richard B. Davies		Understanding change over time is a central concern for research in sociology, political science, education, geography and related disciplines. It is also an issue which presents significant methodological problems, in response to which different techniques have been developed - for example, time series analysis, multilevel models, log-linear models and event history analysis. Outlining the nature of such techniques, this accessible collection covers: the respective values of cross-sectional and longitudinal data in the analysis of change; the variety of methods available for the analysis of change over time; the types of research objective to which various techniques are suited; the limitations and constraints of individual methods; and th	1994-08-23	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803932982	Treating the Chemically Dependent and Their Families	Dennis C. Daley&Miriam S. Raskin		Chemical dependency. For many families it has become an all-too- common problem, be it drug or alcohol related. What is needed is a practical resource that clearly outlines effective forms of intervention and treatment for chemically dependent individuals and families. Answering this need is Treating the Chemically Dependent and Their Families. Written by practitioners for practitioners, this informative volume presents the major issues relevant to addiction and recovery from the perspectives of the addict, the addict's family, and the practitioner. Replete with numerous case studies, contributors discuss the consequences of addiction, assessment of addiction problems, recovery issues, treatment resources, relapse prevention, effects on the addict's family, and issues in family recovery. For practitioners, students, or family members themselves searching for answers to this tragic problem, you can't find a better resource than Treating the Chemically Dependent and Their Families. "A valuable resource for the rehabilitation counselor. Many of the topics, such as professional enabling, apply to the counselor who is in the field of chemical addiction. One of the strengths is an overview of all the aspects of chemical addiction. Each chapter has an impressive list of references. The chapter on relapse prevention [is] encouraging. The book is well organized which leads to its usability." --Journal of Applied Rehabilitation Counseling "Offers abridged, yet complete and up-to-date information. Individual chapters are written by acknowledged professionals in the field and reflect their areas of expertise. . . . The prose of Daley and Raskin's book is clear. Their use of language is unpretentious and straightforward. The ideas presented are orthodox; they are in keeping with current thinking throughout the field." --Professional Counselor "Daley and Raskin do an excellent job covering the broad range of information and treatment issues that are needed to be understood in order to help individuals and families affected by substance abuse and addiction." --Contemporary Psychology	1990	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803988958	Counselling people with communication problems	Peggy Dalton		This step-by-step guide is for those working with people who experience disorders of speech, language, voice and fluency. The author evaluates the forms of counselling that are currently practised alongside direct treatment of the disorders themselves, and argues for greater training opportunities and a wider provision of counselling in this field.Peggy Dalton also explores the effects of communication problems on the person's sense of self, relationships and perceptions of the world. She stresses the need for a greater understanding of the experiences of people whose lives may be severely limited by their communication problems and shows how important it is to find ways of discovering the personal meaning of experience wh	1994-05-12	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803962613	Multiage classrooms by design,beyond the one-room school	Tabitha Carwile Daniel&Kay W. Terry		This concise guidebook brings together all the basics you need to know about the multiage classroom. The authors discuss the importance of developmentally appropriate practice and examine the roles and responsibilities of teachers with regard to curriculum planning, instructional delivery systems, classroom organization, classroom management, student self-directed learning, and peer tutoring. In a section of real-life interviews, teachers, principals, parents, and community members share their perceptions and concerns about multiage classrooms.	1995-07-13	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761942436	A Practical Guide for New School Leaders	John C. Daresh&Trevor Arrowsmith		`An inspiring resource for Headteachers, deputy Headteachers and any primary teacher who desires a leadership rile. All teachers who want to lead, or want to make themselves aware of problems faced by leaders, will not only find this book useful and informative but will learn a lot from it too' - Junior Education  `This book is full of so many practical ides that new heads will surely be enthused to try something new and put energy into their new role, especially as this is supported by an outstanding detailed analysis of the frequent problems that those new to headship will face, enhanced by interesting and well-chose case studies.  I am sure that this is one of books whose reputation will grow by word of mouth by those who have used it, to their colleagues. It deserves to be, and I am sure will be come a classic' - The International Journal of Educational Management  `A Practical Guide to New School Leaders will be appreciated by those taking up new posts as head or deputy and should be part of their personal collections' - Tim Brighouse, Times Educational Supplement  `In summary, this book makes an excellent contribution to the current debate on Leadership from a practical point of view. It provides an important resource for many aspects of leadership development programmes at a variety of levels. As a resource for both the newly appointed headteacher and those involved in their training it contributes to ensuring that the new headteacher will become a reflective thinker in terms of his/her early career as school leader. The book offers concrete strategies, case studies and checklists to help the new school leader to develop an individual action plan in order to survive and thrive' - Stephen Merrill, Edge Hill College of Higher Education, Journal In-Service Education  New head teachers need help as they walk the tightrope between surviving the first years in the job and becoming strong and effective instructional leaders. John C Daresh and Trevor Arrowsmith offer concrete strategies, case studies and a personal leadership checklist to help the new school leader develop an individual plan to thrive and survive.  Key features include: Real-life concerns facing new school leaders; technical and managerial skills to survive socializing to the role of a leader; strong leadership through self-awareness; the road to school leadership - making the most of being an assistant or deputy; developing personal portfolios and action plans. The book also provides answers to questions that concern new school leaders.  This is a practical and essential resource for head teachers, deputy head teachers and all those aspiring towards a leadership role in schools.   John C Daresh is currently professor of educational leadership at the University of Texas at El Paso. He has served as a consultant for universities and departments of education across the USA, Europe, Asia and Africa.   Trevor Arrowsmith has been Principal of a Specialist Secondary School Language College in Northampton for 8 years. He is also LPSH national trainer and an External Advisor on heads performance management.	2003-05	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780761993810	Tradition, pluralism and identity,in honour of T.N. Madan	Veena Das&Dipankar Gupta&Patricia Uberoi		The contributions to this volume comprise papers by eminent scholars on a range of themes that have been the focus of T.N. Madan's invaluable contribution to sociological research. They cover topics including the sociology of religion, caste, family and kinship, health care, ethnicity, the Indian Diaspora as well as notions of secularism in the Indian context.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761995890	War and diplomacy in Kashmir, 1947-48	C. Dasgupta		Based on declassified documents, the book throws new light on the roles played by Mountbatten and the British service chiefs in the Kashmir war of 1947-48 and explains why India took the Kashmir issue to the UN, why it did not carry the war into Pakistan and why it accepted a ceasefire. Examining archival material that has not been looked at previously and attempting an important reassessment of Mountbatten's role, the book highlights the fact that India's first Governor-General was not a mere constitutional figurehead. The book shows that he used -- and abused -- this authority to ensure that the conflict in Kashmir did not escalate into a full-scale inter-dominion war.  A study of British policy in Kashmir must begin with an examination of the strategic interests of Britain in the subcontinent. The book explains the diplomatic background to the military developments of the time, tracing the evolution of British policy on Kashmir and its orchestration of the moves of western powers in the Security Council. The book provides details from the British archives about the secret understandings between Commanders-in-Chief of the rival armies to contain the conflict. It reveals, for instance, that India's Commander-in-Chief, General Bucher, had tried as early as March 1948 to negotiate an informal truce with his counterpart in Pakistan, without the knowledge of the Indian government. A revealing study about a controversial incident in India's military history, this is a timely book, especially in the post-Agra Summit period.  This book analyses:  The Evolution of British policy towards Kashmir  The role played by the western powers in the Security council  The secret attempt made by General Bucher to negotiate an informal truce with his counterpart in Pakistan  How Mountbatten used and abused his authority to ensure that the Kashmir issue did not escalate into a full-scale inter-domain war.	2002	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781873942529	Six Years of Circle Time,A Developmental Primary Curriculum - Produced by a Group of Teachers in Cardiff	Graham Davies		For the teachers and pupils already introduced to Circle Time this resource will provide a structured, step-by-step curriculum framework, with games and activities at every stage. The publication comprises a spiral bound file of activities in four sections:  " self-esteem " communication " relationships " spiritual and moral development.  The book has 15 different topics differentiated from Year 1 to Year 6. Each section contains clear teaching plans and all the resources and activities needed for the session.  By working through this programme teachers can demonstrate the incremental development of the Speaking and Listening and PSCHE skills required in the curriculum.	1999-01-01	Lucky Duck						ZZZ000000
9780761911296	Grantsmanship for criminal justice and criminology	Mark S. Davis		The history making US Crime Control Act of 1994 earmarked hundreds of millions of dollars in grant monies for a variety of justice related purposes turning crime control into a growing industry. This book directs the reader towards locating new sources of public and private funding as well as how to: formulate and state a problem that argues for funding; describe the methods for addressing the problem; clearly state measurable objectives; propose a comprehensive evaluation plan; succinctly describe the applicant's qualifications; detail and defend a budget; and solicit meaningful letters of support.	1999-09-24	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803943674	The NORC general social survey,a user's guide	James Allan Davis&Tom William Smith		"When someone goes public with a simple, straightforward, good idea, the audience usually scratches its collective head and wonders why no one thought of it before. That was my reaction as I read James A. Davis and Tom W. Smith's short volume on the General Social Survey (GSS), the first of a new Sage series on major social science data bases. . . . I suspect there isn't a GSS user out there who wouldn't learn quite a bit from reading this book. . . . The knowledge it provides is partly historical, partly practical, and partly inspirational. . . . The practical sections make up a very readable and thorough discussion of its study design. . . . The inspirational part of the book, at least for me is Davis and Smith's narrative on the variety of studies and collaborative activity that make the GSS a unique source for comparative, historical, methodological, and cross-sectional research. . . . For those who wonder whether their interesting questions have been answered in previous research, Davis and Smith provide basic guidelines for finding out who has done what with the GSS." --Contemporary Sociology "This series will lead to more informed analysis of existing data sources as well as more insightful interpretation of studies based on them (for series quote). . . . In this superb first volume for the series, James A. Davis and Tom W. Smith have provided a lucid introduction to the history, philosophy, sampling design, and evolving content of the General Social Survey (GSS). . . . This guide conveys with both cogency and liveliness the major features of the GSS. . . . The chapter on sampling design, which describes both the shift from a block-quota modified probability sample to a full probability sample and the switch from a 1970 sample frame to a 1980 sample frame, gives evidence of the commitment to high quality. . . . The book communicates an abiding responsiveness to the emerging data needs of a developing social science. . . . The responsiveness of the GSS to new data needs, amply evident in the book, is one of its most laudable features. . . . It is a tribute to Davis and Smith that their book stimulates the reader not only to order the GSS database straightaway and carry out tests of some intriguing propositions but also to make testable some previously untestable propositions by persuading the GSS to collect information on the propositions' previously unmeasured parts. This book augurs well for the series." --Journal of the American Statistical Association "All of the questions my methods students have asked over the years (and all I've asked myself) are answered, and then some. . . . The guide is effective in making the data accessible." --Karen Campbell, Vanderbilt University "I think this series is a very good idea. Code books are intimidating for many users, and clear, approachable guides to major social science data sets will be well received. The User's Guide to the GSS . . . will ultimately be such a resource. . . . The section on Design Effects . . . is a very good subject to include in such a guide." --Dan Krymkowski, Dartmouth College "A fine introduction to an invaluable social science data resource." --Judith Tanur, State University of New York, Stony Brook "Should provide helpful assistance to undergraduates whose exposure to the GSS may be their first experience with survey research and quantitative analysis. In addition, it should be a useful tool to more experienced analysts who need to quickly master the intricacies of the GSS." --Microcase Forum For any researcher, student, or teacher using the General Social Survey (GSS), this book is a must. Written by the two researchers who have directed the GSS since its inception in 1972, this practical, easy-to-use volume enables you to exploit this large data set more effectively than ever before. This volume clearly explains the "rotations" and "split ballots" in the study design, describes available samples (including the 1982 and 1987 oversamples of black respondents) and weights, and discusses interviewer training, quality control, validation, and coding procedures. In addition, it outlines the topics covered in the GSS, including the recurrent, replicated "core" items suitable for trend analyses, the annual topical modules on subjects of current interest, and the international modules produced in collaboration with the International Social Survey Program. And, this guidebook covers the various data sets in which GSS data are accessible, and directs you to the data banks that disseminate them. Both novice and experienced GSS users will find The NORC General Social Survey an invaluable tool.	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803984387	The New Eastern Europe,social policy past, present and future	Bob Deacon		This accessible textbook offers a comparative analysis of social policy in the new Eastern Europe, including the former Soviet Union. It assesses past developments, the problems of the present transitional period and prospects for the future.Bringing together leading specialists on the social policy of the former Soviet Union, Hungary, Czechoslovakia, Bulgaria and Poland, this book systematically outlines the shortcomings of the old bureaucratic collectivist system of welfare, as well as explaining why the emerging system is, initially at least, often inadequate. Focusing on this unique period of transition, The New Eastern Europe vividly demonstrates the difficulty of balancing social justice and economic efficienc	1992-06-24	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803987524	Population health research,linking theory and methods	Kathryn Dean		This book is a comprehensive introduction to the methodological basis of population health research, and a critical assessment of theoretical issues affecting the quality of research on health and behaviour.Research into the many factors that shape human health or illness, has traditionally emphasized experimental design and the statistical effects of specific factors. While due attention is paid to such methods, the contributors emphasize the importance of theory-guided, multi-method approaches for research into the complex forces affecting health, health-related behaviour and the effectiveness of health services. Throughout, the value of analytical models of population health is related to their utility in informing and	1993-11-02	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781873942796	Peter Punk,Developing Self-Esteem, Citizenship, PSHE and Literacy Skills in the Literacy Hour for Key Stages 1 and 2	Tina Rae&Sian Deane		This programme provides the resources to teach and reinforce social and emotional skills during the daily Literacy Hour. Each lesson has the appropriate text level objectives for each school term, Years 2-6, with lesson learning intentions, stories, questions, comprehensive teacher notes, differentiated activity sheets, follow-up suggestions, cross-curricular links and plenary questions/statements.  Using this programme you can:   " fulfil the requirements of the literacy hour " provide activities which are 'discursive, interactive, confident, ambitious' " highly motivate your students.  This is an exceptional and exciting resource combining the literacy hour requirements with other teaching topics.	2002-01-01	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803958616	The child sexual abuse custody dispute annotated bibliography	Wendy Deaton&California Professional Society on the Abuse of Children		"If an attorney, judge, court mediator, or child custody evaluator working in the family court system is looking for a survey of the literature on sex abuse allegations in child custody cases, this annotated bibliography is the book for you. . . . The reader is given a quick survey of the literature. One can then select the items one may wish to explore more fully, by going back to the original source." --F. Samuel Gleason in Family and Conciliation Court Review The result of a two-year literature search, The Child Sexual Abuse Custody Dispute Annotated Bibliography provides summaries of the literature regarding children's testimony, false allegations, research, commentary, and other supportive information in custody disputes through 1992. Published in cooperation with the California Professional Society on the Abuse of Children (CAPSAC), annotations are thorough and the review covers the most significant legal, social, and behavioral science literature. This book is an important and valuable resource to all professionals--legal, medical, mental health, judiciary, child protection, and law enforcement--having any involvement with child abuse allegations in custody disputes. A supplement covering the literature from 1993 through 1994 will be published in 1995. All royalties from the sales of this book will go to CAPSAC. "Highly recommended." --Family Violence & Sexual Assault Bulletin Book Club	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803966154	When a crisis hits,will your school be ready?	Robert H. Decker		As a principal or safety officer, you need a plan for dealing with any possible school emergency, one that reduces everyone's trauma and emotional distress. Your plan must build a sense of community during a crisis and get everyone working together. Decker gives you the specifics you need to make sure everyone knows just what to do in any emergency. You'll learn:  A 10-step approach to developing the crisis plan  Why you need a crisis team and how to put one together  The critical components to ensure the plan is implemented efficiently The author includes surveys, checklists, and other assessment tools help you determine your school's preparedness for an emergency. You'll find over 30 examples of different types of plans that cover such occurrences as bomb threats, fires, floods, kidnappings, shooting, suicides, and tornadoes. Be a proactive school leader-make sure your staff, your students, and your community are ready for the school disaster you hope never comes. This easy-to-follow guide will help you implement a safety and crisis management plan that works for your school.	1997	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761959038	Modernity and postmodernity,knowledge, power and the self	Gerard Delanty		This accessible and comprehensive overview of the main issues on the modernity-postmodernity controversy is the first clear-sighted book on the subject. It surveys modern social theory, from Kant to Weber with economy and masterly precision. And evaluates the work of the Frankfurt School, Arendy, Strauss, Luhmann, Habermas, Heller, Castoriadis and Touraine, before moving on to consider the approaches of the leading writers on postmodenrity: Lyotard, Vattimo, Derrida, Foucault and Jameson.  The result is a new way of conceptualizing the modernity-postmodernity debate, and an exciting new approach to the roots of contemporary social theory.	2000	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9781904315285	Success Into Secondary,Supporting Transition with Circle Time	Cherrie Demain&Lorraine Hurst		This book is the result of more than 6 years of work in schools in Hertfordshire, helping children make the transition from primary education to the big school.  The 6 sessions are based on a Circle Time approach and supplemented by follow-up activities. Each session has comprehensive teacher instructions with the necessary worksheets. A memory map technique provides a unifying element to the programme.  Issues covered include: " bullying " friendship " meeting new people " organisation and induction day  Teacher comments include: The vulnerable children seem less worried.  The programme was a success and made the children more confident and less anxious.  Childrens comments include: Many of the worries I had are now gone and I cant wait for secondary school. Eleanor  Helped me with confidence and facing my fears such as bullying. Daniel.  An interactive and fun approach using Circle Time techniques to assist all teachers who want to help Year 6 pupils make a successful transition.	2004-03-13	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803950511	Nonresidential parenting,new vistas in family living	Charlene E. Depner&James H. Bray		With burgeoning numbers of nonresidential parents, how can policymakers and professionals who work with families address the emotional and financial needs of children who do not live with both parents? What resources exist for developing parenting agreements between mothers and fathers who live apart? What should be done when a child refuses to visit the nonresidential parent? What effect does a parent's remarriage have on children? A distinguished roster of scholars addresses these questions by drawing from research, policy, and practice sources to identify the rich array of roles that nonresidential parents may play in the lives of their children. Taking a multidimensional approach that views the family as an entity that changes over time, they also explore such issues as variation in nonresidential parenting across ethnic groups, financial implications of parenting apart, patterns of involvement of nonresidential parents, and children's adjustment to remarriage. Included in each chapter are implications for further research and social policy. This important volume concludes with a chapter that offers new directions for multidimensional approaches to research, policy and practice. Nonresidential Parenting will make compelling reading for researchers, practitioners, and students who work with or study families. "Depner and Bray's collection is especially useful in elaborating its principal contention that a 'monolithic vision of non-residential parenting is a poor basis for policy.'....the book is a competent reflection upon research in the United States." --British Journal of Social work "Consistent with its multidisciplinary approach and its focus on research and application, the book is very readable. It is unique in the ease with which it integrates research, theory, and practice. Yet the text represents a very scholarly approach to the study of these families and related interventions. Major empirical and applied scholarship from a variety of disciplines has been drawn upon to support the book's conclusions and recommendations. This book will be an invaluable resource." --Family Relations	1993-02-04	Sage						ZZZ000000
9788178297194	Doing Development Research	Desai		Doing Development Research is a comprehensive introduction to research methods making it the essential A to Z of development research.The book offers a thorough training for anyone carrying out research in developing countries by bringing together authors with extensive experience of development research, with each presenting an interdisciplinary guide to the core methodologies.The book features: - An account of the theoretical approaches that underlie development work - An explanation of the practical issues involved in planning development research- A systematic overview of information and data collecting methods in three sub-sections: methods of social research and associated forms of analysis; using existing knowledge and records; and disseminating findings / researchUsing clear and uncomplicated language illustrated with appropriate learning features throughout, the text guides the researcher through the choice of appropriate methods, the implementation of the research, and the communication of the findings to a range of audiences.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761993247	Legal order and mental disorder	Amita Dhanda		Legal Order and Mental Order critically appraises the current laws -as enshrined in the Indian Penal Code- relating to the mentally ill and the impact they have on people with mental illness.	2000-01-18	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412929547	Global shift,mapping the changing contours of the world economy	Peter Dicken		The fifth edition of Global Shift is now completely revised and updated using the latest available sources. Every chapter has been extensively rewritten to take into account not just new empirical developments but to incorporate new ideas on production, distribution, and consumption in the global economy. The standard work on globalization provides; the most comprehensive and up-to-date coverage of economic globalization available; a clear guide to how the global economy is transformed by: transnational corporations; states and interest groups; and technology; detailed literature review that explains different theories of economic globalization in the larger context of a descriptive account of newly industrialising economies; sectoral case studies - with a new case study on agro-food industries - which illustrate diverse processes of globalization; new material on social movements, governance, environment, and alternative economic systems Extensive use of graphics, lack of jargon, clear definition of terms, makes Global Shift the key resource on economic globalization in the social science literature.	2007-01	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781412929554	Global shift,mapping the changing contours of the world economy	Peter Dicken		The fifth edition of Global Shift is now completely revised and updated using the latest available sources. Every chapter has been extensively rewritten to take into account not just new empirical developments but to incorporate new ideas on production, distribution, and consumption in the global economy. The standard work on globalization provides; the most comprehensive and up-to-date coverage of economic globalization available; a clear guide to how the global economy is transformed by: transnational corporations; states and interest groups; and technology; detailed literature review that explains different theories of economic globalization in the larger context of a descriptive account of newly industrialising economies; sectoral case studies - with a new case study on agro-food industries - which illustrate diverse processes of globalization; new material on social movements, governance, environment, and alternative economic systems Extensive use of graphics, lack of jargon, clear definition of terms, makes Global Shift the key resource on economic globalization in the social science literature.	2007	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781412948890	Evidence-based school counseling,making a difference with data-driven practices	Carey Dimmitt&John C. Carey&Trish Hatch		Offers preservice and inservice school counselors the tools to knowledgeably identify evidence-based practices in their field and to use data in designing, implementing, and evaluating programs and interventions.	2007-06	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761976448	One hundred one innovative ideas for creative kids	Claudia Dodson		Highlights easy-to-implement and unique ideas to supplement student learningan enjoyable alternative to the typical drill and practice worksheets.	2000-06-23	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803963016	As leaders learn,personal stories of growth in school leadership	Gordon A. Donaldson&George F. Marnik&Danforth Foundation (Saint Louis&Mo.)&University of Maine at Orono. College of Education		PLACE THIS NEXT TO DONALDSON AND MARNIK IN BROCHURES!!!  Intended as a companion to Becoming Better Leaders, this book recounts the experiences and challenges of a group of educators from Maine in their evolving identities as leaders.	1995	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803963771	Working together in schools,a guide for educators	Gordon A. Donaldson&Gordon A. Donaldson (Jr.)&David R. Sanderson		The long-term success of school improvement depends to a significant degree on the ability of those involved to participate in teamwork. This book explores various forms of collaboration in schools, including pairings, groups and committees, and suggests a framework for understanding how to build stronger working relationships.	1996	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788178290768	Interpreting islam	Hastings Donnan		Interpreting Islam documents the diversity and richness of contemporary knowledge about Islam and Muslim society. To help readers make sense of Islam, the contributors examine the range of disciplinary approaches involved in its study. They focus not only on what these approaches have emphasised, but also on what they have left out, and on their varied responses to the challenge of representing other s cultures.	2002-02-01	Vistaar						ZZZ000000
9780803941878	The information society,a retrospective view	Herbert S. Dordick&Georgette Wang		The past three decades have witnessed the worldwide growth of an information industry and the definition of the new information sector. With modern telecommunications and information technology, the industrialized nations are creating a system in which information goods and services can be bought and sold as in a goods market place. This book defines `informatization' in three ways: infrastructure, economic and social. The analysis focuses on 19 countries which are categorized as high, middle and low income nations by Gross Domestic Product per capita. The countries include: Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, UK and USA.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761955559	Technocities	John Downey&Jim McGuigan		Information and communication technologies are said to be transforming urban life dramatically and bringing about rapid economic and cultural globalization. This book explores the many fascinating and urgent issues involved by relating advanced theoretical debates to practical matters of communication with cultural policy. It maps out a range of `optimistic' and `pessimistic' scenarios with special regard to various forms of inequality, particularly class, gender and geopolitical. Topics discussed include urban planning, virtual cities and actual cities, economic and political policy, and critical social analysis of current trends that are of momentous consequence. The book concludes that it is necessary to bring together a number of diffe	1999-06-22	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781412922395	Counselling Survivors of Childhood Sexual Abuse	Claire Burke Draucker&Donna Martsolf		In this Third Edition of Counseling Survivors of Childhood Sexual Abuse, Claire Burke Draucker and Donna S. Martsolf identify the significant healing processes which are essential to achieve recovery. These include disclosing the abuse; reinterpreting it from an adult perspective; addressing issues related to the context of the abuse; and making desired life changes. Each of these processes is discussed in conjunction with the most effective counseling interventions to facilitate resolution. Carefully chosen case examples demonstrate the appropriate use interventions in practice. The Third Edition includes a wealth of new material covering memory retrieval, outcome research, multicultural counseling, emerging therapeutic approaches, and neuroscience and counseling. Dynamics and difficulties in the therapeutic relationship are also discussed in great depth.	2006	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781412922401	Counselling Survivors of Childhood Sexual Abuse	Claire Burke Draucker&Donna Martsolf		In this Third Edition of Counseling Survivors of Childhood Sexual Abuse, Claire Burke Draucker and Donna S. Martsolf identify the significant healing processes which are essential to achieve recovery. These include disclosing the abuse; reinterpreting it from an adult perspective; addressing issues related to the context of the abuse; and making desired life changes. Each of these processes is discussed in conjunction with the most effective counseling interventions to facilitate resolution. Carefully chosen case examples demonstrate the appropriate use interventions in practice. The Third Edition includes a wealth of new material covering memory retrieval, outcome research, multicultural counseling, emerging therapeutic approaches, and neuroscience and counseling. Dynamics and difficulties in the therapeutic relationship are also discussed in great depth.	2006	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803989405	Developing the practice of counselling	Windy Dryden&Colin Feltham		`The format is easy to access and stimulates reflection on practice' - International Review of Psychiatry This volume contains 30 useful hints and reminders to help both trainee and practising counsellors examine and improve key areas of their work. The book encourages counsellors to focus on areas that they may feel need special attention, covering topics such as the formation of an ethical and productive alliance, working with effective tasks and goals, identifying and addressing clients' obstacles to change, and developing professional knowledge and self-reflection.	1994-06-14	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803981348	Developments in cognitive psychotherapy	Windy Dryden&Peter Trower		This book presents a selection of the most recent developments in cognitive psychotherapy and represents the breadth of work being done in the field. Part One, `Principles', deals with theoretical work and models of therapy; Part Two, `Applications', presents applied work in cognitive psychotherapy. Developments in Cognitive Psychotherapy is unique in that its contributions are from both North America and Britain and will be an invaluable addition to the psychotherapist's library.	1988	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761955030	In praise of bureaucracy,Weber, organization, ethics	Paul Du Gay		In this provocative new study, Paul du Gay makes a compelling case for the continuing importance of bureaucracy. Taking inspiration from the work of Max Weber, du Gay launches a staunch defence of `the bureaucratic ethos' and highlights its continuing relevance to the achievement of social order and good government in liberal democratic societies.Through a comprehensive engagement with both historical and contemporary critiques of bureaucracy and a careful examination of the policies of organizational change within the public services today, du Gay develops a major reappraisal of the so-called `traditional' ethic of office. In doing so he highlights the ways in which many of the key features of bureaucratic conduct that ca	2000	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9788178290416	Untouchable pasts,religion, identity, and power among a central Indian community, 1780-1950	Saurabh Dube		Untouchable Pasts constructs an anthropological history of an unusual community over the last two hundred years. The Satnamis of central India have combined the features of a caste and a sect to question and challenge the tenor of ritual power that variously defines Hinduism. Combining archival and field work, the book presents an interpretive account of Satnami endeavours, encounters, and experiences - the ethnographic pasts of a numerous community that continues to be a significant presence in the newly constituted state of Chhattisgarh. The book brings together recent analytical departures and significant critical developments within contemporary scholarship in history, anthropology and sociology. By casting these theoretical tendencies in a critical dialogue with one another, the book thinks through some of those overriding oppositions that have formed the conceptual core of social thought and political enquiry in both Western and non-Western contexts.	2001-07-01	Vistaar						ZZZ000000
9781904315322	From Another Planet,Autism from Within	Dominique Dumortier		`This is one of those books that someone could pick up and read and could open the door to recognition of a condition that has so far been undetected. I am sure that her anecdotes will ring bells for some people' - Stroud Autistic Support Group  Amongst the books about Autism, the reader should be looking for those that help us understand the condition, anticipate the problems that arise and respond with flexibility and acceptance. This book explains the experience of an autistic person facing the everyday events we easily manage.  When they read this book my friends and acquaintances may not immediately recognise it is about me. I have become an expert at hiding difficulties caused by my autism. If there is something I simply can't do, or if I find it very difficult, people around me might not necessarily notice. I know lots of tricks to prevent me from making a poor show, or people noticing my inability to do certain things... Some people don't believe me. My reply is try spending a week with me you will soon find out!  If we cannot spend a week with Dominique then this book is the next best thing.	2004-05-11	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803968493	You sound taller on the telephone,a practitioner's view of the principalship	Dennis R. Dunklee		This hands-on guide to being a principal is disguised as an engaging novel, with questions that invite debate and discussion.	1999-05-27	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788132103158	Consumer Behaviour : Applications In Marketing	MALCOLM WRIGHT ROBERT EAST&MARC VANHUELE		Written in a focused and accessible form by respected marketing academics, Consumer Behaviour helps readers to develop analytical and evidence-based thinking in marketing and avoid more formulaic approaches that lack the support of research. With a strong focus on the use of research, this book will really appeal to the specific needs of higher-level students.The book covers important material that is often missing in consumer behaviour texts. For example, whole chapters are devoted to brand loyalty, brand equity, biases in decision-making, word of mouth, the response to price and the effect of advertising. Shorter reviews cover evidence on topics such as loyalty programmes, the response to delay and retail atmospherics. Chapters are quite short and divided into sections. Each chapter contains exercises designed to draw out key ideas and consolidate understanding, and there are suggestions for further reading.A website to support the book has an Instructor`s Manual that offers PowerPoint slides, discussion of exercises, computer programs, a suggested Masters-level course, and a Word file of references to assist students writing assignments.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761972853	Management research,an introduction	Mark Easterby-Smith&Richard Thorpe&Andy Lowe		Praise for the First Edition:  `I will be recommending the book to graduate researchers at master's and doctoral level. It is a book which deserves to succeed for its honesty, clarity, and common sense' - Leadership and Organizational Development Journal  'An accessible relaxed style enables the authors to deal with issues that are intellectually demanding and at times controversial, encouraging the researcher to develop a self-reflexive capacity to manage research as both personal and public learning' - Management Education and Development Journal  This Second Edition of the best-selling Management Research has been completely rewritten to include new kinds of problems being encountered in management research, and to incorporate the substantial methodological developments that have taken place over the last 10 years.   The book draws together the main threads of both quantitative and qualitative management research and provides a bridge between theoretical and practical issues. This popular and essential introduction to the subject of management research enables students to tackle complex issues in an accessible way, offering a definite statement of basic methodologies for management research today.   Management Research is the first step for students and researchers to develop a clear but also sophisticated position on the subject of research in business and management studies. Used by students on courses in management research methods worldwide, this new edition will continue to be an invaluable guide for all those undertaking research in and around organizations.	2002	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803988682	The new politics of class,social movements and cultural dynamics in advanced societies	Klaus Eder		Are contemporary societies organized by class? In recent years the apparent fragmentation of established class structures and the emergence of new social movements--in particular the women's movement and environmentalism--have altered the traditional expressions of class in society. At the same time, these changes have posed fundamental questions for the concept of class in sociology and political science. In this major reassessment, Klaus Eder offers a new perspective on the status of class in modernity. Drawing on a critique of Bourdieu, Touraine, and Habermas, he outlines a cultural conception of class as the basis for understanding contemporary societies. His model reevaluates the role of the middle classes, traditionally the crux of class analysis, and links class to social theories of power and cultural capital. The result is a cultural theory of class which incorporates the changing forms of collective action and the new social movements of contemporary societies. An invaluable contribution both to social theory and to the theory of class and stratification, The New Politics of Class will be of interest to a broad readership in sociology and political science. "Given the richness of Klaus Eder's theorizing, there are many ways of reading this volume. . . [His work is] full of provocative conceptual ideas and basically sound insights." --American Journal of Sociology	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853962721	Experience and education,towards an alternative National Curriculum	Gwyn Edwards&Albert Victor Kelly		The contributors to this book show how a genuinely open debate is needed to identify the essential components of a national curriculum for a democratic society.This book is an invitation to consider the merits of an adjectival curriculum: one which describes rather than prescribes the kinds of educational experience to which all young people are entitled.	1998-10-16	P. Chapman						ZZZ000000
9781853963537	Cognition and Curriculum Reconsidered	Elliot W. Eisner		'Can give you some idea of the vision you are trying to transmit amidst all those examination results' - Management in Education  'The powerful ideas ... in the First Edition have gained ... urgency from the realities of the political policies for education which the intervening years have witnessed in both the USA and the UK. ..... the book's main theme - the narrowness of the concept of education encapsulated in those policies - gains added force from the growing predominance of technicist approaches to curriculum planning' - Professor A V Kelly, Goldsmiths' College, University of London  Cognition and Curriculum became a seminal book which was essential reading for students of education over the last decade. Now, as the back-to-basics curriculum and standardized modes of evaluation - whose very foundations Elliot W Eisner was questioning a decade ago - are again finding favour with politicians, Eisner has revised his classic work. The result is Cognition and Curriculum Reconsidered, a substantially revised edition that adds two new chapters, including a critique of the reform efforts of the intervening years.	1996-09-01	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780826455987	Stress Counselling,A Rational Emotive Behaviour Approach	Albert Ellis&Michael Neenan&Jack Gordon		`The text is clear and easy to follow with vivid sessional excerpts that illustrate the theoretical dialogue' - International Review of Psychiatry  `The publication proves to contain much instructive and practice-oriented material' - Nursing Standard  Stress Counselling is a comprehensive study of the theory and practice of the Rational Emotive Behaviour approach applied to stress counselling and psychotherapy. Albert Ellis pioneered Rational Emotive Behaviour Therapy (REBT), which has since been adopted internationally. This approach enables the clients to embark on a course of effective counselling which has a clear beginning and end.  This book discusses techniques and solutions to common problems and also provides guidance on conducting group work. Its comprehensive coverage includes additional material on techniques such as skills training, relaxation methods, hypnosis and biofeedback.	2003-08-23	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853961090	Guided discovery tutoring,a framework for ICAI research	Mark Elsom-Cook		This book provides a framework for the fas developing field of artificial intelligence and education. It reconciles the perspectives of intelligent tutoring systems and learning environments. This framework has been constructed partly because the field needs a clearer basis upon which to compare approaches, and partly because of a move away from the `traditional' architecture of tutoring systems.	1990	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803968325	Deciding what to teach and test,developing, aligning, and auditing the curriculum	Fenwick W. English		Foreword by Larry E. FraseThis is an invaluable resource for developing a curriculum that aligns teaching and testing.	2000-01	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803960237	Leading into the 21st century	Fenwick W. English&Larry E. Frase&Joanne M. Arhar		This book focuses on future leadership challenges for school administrators and contains practical strategies for improving decision making skills. The book concisely summarizes the contemporary views of leadership and decision making and then reveals the kinds of problems schools will face as we enter the 21st century. All three authors are former school administrators and speak in concrete terms from many years of experience. Specific direction is provided on how administrators can use creative thinking to solve their problems.	1992-04-30	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803961067	Total quality education,transforming schools into learning places	Fenwick W. English&John C. Hill		In this book, the authors skilfully adapt the principles of Total Quality Management and apply them to education. They describe how the changes can be implemented in everyday practice and present a learning model. They also provide a planning and troubleshooting guide.	1994-03-17	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761959397	Media policy,convergence, concentration, and commerce	Denis McQuail&Karen Siune&Euromedia Research Group		The European media landscape is changing profoundly. In this wide-ranging and timely text, members of the Euromedia Research Group examine the ways in which national and supranational policy is adapting to these changes. The contributors of Media Policy consider: + The consequences for broadcasting systems of satellite and cable delivery + The fate of public broadcasting under deregulation + The changes currently affecting print media and newspaper + The implications of media changes for political and social cultural life + The significance of the Internet, the first true fruit of the telematic revolution in communication The main themes of media policy analysis today are convergence, concentration and commercialization, and abundance through digitalization. Although media policy has changed drastically in its concerns and forms, the contributors here argue that the need for an effective public communication policy in our "information society" is as pressing now as it ever was. Following up the success of the Euromedia Research Group's New Media Politics (1986), and the Dynamics of Media Politics (1992), this third volume in the series offers a timely review and analysis of developments in media and structure. Media Policy will be of interest to students and scholars in media and communication studies.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803988668	Simone de Beauvoir	Mary Evans		Simone de Beauvoir continues to dominate twentieth century feminist theory, yet her work is the focus of inflamed debate amongst theorists of feminism.This accessible introduction to de Beauvoir's life and ideas considers the themes and tensions which inform her work. Mary Evans shows how de Beauvoir's writings resist simplistic interpretations and cannot be reduced to simple oppositions between masculine and feminine, rational and irrational, or social and natural. Highlighting the autobiographical aspects in de Beauvoir's work, Evans presents a new and important analysis of the complex relationship between fact, fiction and autobiography.	1996-05-21	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803945807	Understanding older Chicanas	Elisa Facio		Focusing on an overlooked and understudied population, Understanding Older Chicanas examines older Chicanas' lives, status, and public policy needs. Chicana elderly tend to be poor, reflecting the economic position of Chicanos in American society; they also tend to be stereotyped as widows and grandmothers, reflecting the cultural values of Mexican American society. This work shows how Chicana elderly cope with this economic and cultural marginality and how they gain the personal and financial resources they require. Author Elisa Facio also relates how scholars and public policymakers have previously understood Chicana elderly, provides new data on the social meaning of Chicana old age, and points out the implications of that meaning for future policymakers. This perceptive volume is essential reading for those in academic and policy settings who are interested in issues regarding multicultural aging experiences, diversification, life-cycle phases, socialization, and women.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803965102	Tech prep career programs,a practical guide to preparing students for high-tech, high-skill, high-wage opportunities	Carol Fagan&Dan Lumley		This is a practical guide on how to plan, develop and implement a `tech prep' programme. The book illustrates how schools can work collaboratively with business and industry to organize a programme that provides students with the core technical and specialty proficiencies necessary to successfully compete in a changing economy. Topics covered include: creating a tech prep consortium; funding; setting goals; building action teams; and designing a promotion campaign.	1997-03-20	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803962477	The middle school principal	Richard F. Farmer		Suggestions for principals to develop programmes and activities appropriate to the needs of middle school pupils in the United States are provided in this volume. The authors base these suggestions on the concepts that middle schools should: be student-centred; ease the transition to high school; emphasize an integrated curriculum; implement instruction that stresses active learning and is activity-oriented; and have an administration that is aware of the physical and emotional traits of students of a middle school age.	1995-02-14	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803954496	Task groups in the social services	Marian Fatout&Steven R. Rose		Collective problem-solving: a powerful and effective means of assessing a situation, determining a course of action, and accomplishing goals. In the realm of social services, this formidable method has been evidenced in the development of task groups; and in the textbook arena, it is clearly and definitively presented in Task Groups in the Social Services. Focusing on the role of the social worker, the authors consider such aspects as the recruitment and composition of groups, participation as a team member, and dealing with problem behaviors within the group. Selected problem-solving approaches, including brainstorming, societal judgement analysis, and the Delphi technique, are evaluated in terms of both process and outcome. From implementation through achievement, the merits and methods of application for a variety of task groups are assayed. This valuable work will be a vital resource for students of social work and social work practitioners alike.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761962519	Love and eroticism	Mike Featherstone		This major collection explores the contested nature of love and eroticism, examining the ways in which erotic bodily pleasures have become central to contemporary consumer culture. It investigates the spatial dimension of erotic life through considerations of Bohemian love, the gay city and the ways in which the urban landscape and everyday life have become sexualized - issues which have become central to the emergence of `queer' as a new form of gender politics and more general questions of sexual citizenship. Drawing on the work of feminists, sociologists and cultural theorists, this book contains a wide-ranging and accessible set of contributions to contemporary debates on sexuality, love and eroticism.  Love & Erotici	1999	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761962526	Love and eroticism	Mike Featherstone		This major collection explores the contested nature of love and eroticism, examining the ways in which erotic bodily pleasures have become central to contemporary consumer culture. It investigates the spatial dimension of erotic life through considerations of Bohemian love, the gay city and the ways in which the urban landscape and everyday life have become sexualized - issues which have become central to the emergence of `queer' as a new form of gender politics and more general questions of sexual citizenship. Drawing on the work of feminists, sociologists and cultural theorists, this book contains a wide-ranging and accessible set of contributions to contemporary debates on sexuality, love and eroticism.  Love & Erotici	1999	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803989399	Developing counsellor supervision	Colin Feltham&Windy Dryden		'It is a fairly well established clich[ac]e that while supervision is recognised as a crucial component of good practice in psychotherapy and counselling, there is correspondingly little written about it... [this book is] a good step in redressing the balance... It is a practical, didactic and generic view of how to do supervision... giving a fairly comprehensive account of 30 of the formal skills that all supervisors probably use whether consciously or not... The book discusses each of the skills, giving examples as well as practical suggestions as to how to approach difficult issues... directed principally at counsellors, it is a book to dip into when faced with a panic about a specific issue' - Therapeutic CommunitiesSupervision is a professional and ethical necessity for all counsellors, providing them with consultative and supportive aid while protecting clients from potential abuse - yet relatively little has been written on the subject. This volume aims to redress that balance.Encouraging, yet sensitive to the difficult issues that frequently arise in supervision, the book contains practical suggestions, plus useful appendices, to help practising and trainee supervisors develop and enhance the skills they need to be successful in their work. The authors cover such key areas as creating a supervisory alliance, fostering the supervisory relationship, the use of tape-recording, highlighting supervisees' strengths and weaknesses, and protecting the client and counsellor.	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761957843	Understanding the counselling relationship	Colin Feltham		`This book presents contrasting views of the relationship between the counsellor, or therapist, and the client, as held by practitioners from diverse theoretical orientations. Each chapter clarifies and considers the elements of the counselling relationship which have the most bearing on therapeutic practice and the strengths of each are highlighted in terms of understanding, theory and skills' - New Therapist   It is now widely accepted that the therapeutic relationship - referred to here as the counselling relationship - may be the most significant element in effective practice. Understanding the Counselling Relationship presents contrasting views of the relationship between the counsellor or therapist and the client, as held by practitioners from diverse theoretical orientations.  Each chapter clarifies and considers the elements of the counselling relationship which have most bearing on therapeutic practice. The strengths of each position are highlighted in terms of understanding, theory and skills. The relevance of certain psychological, sociological and research-based issues for practitioners from a variety of theoretical backgrounds are also considered.	1999-09-13	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803975774	Mediating social science	Natalie Fenton&Alan Bryman&David Deacon		What is the interface between social scientists and the media? How does social science come over in news and current affairs in print and broadcasting media? This book examines issues in reception and production studies to build a holistic approach to the study of media representations.The authors give an accessible and authoritative guide to the mass communication process. They examine media production, the nature of media texts, the role of news sources, the general social and political context of mass communication and the ways in which media outputs are assimilated by audiences. The discussions are developed by an examination of the following areas: the interaction between journalists and social scientists; the publici	1998	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803978218	Justice and judgment,the rise and the prospect of the judgment model in contemporary political philosophy	Alessandro Ferrara		Justice and Judgement is a comprehensive introduction to theories of judgement in contemporary political and moral philosophy. The book offers a critical examination of judgement in the recent works of Rawls, Habermas, Ackerman, Michelman and Dworkin, including an historical overview of the judgement model in contemporary political philosophy; the function of the constitution; and deliberative democracy. The book concludes with a discussion of universalism and contemporary liberalism and the judgement view of justice.	1999	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803984257	Using computers in qualitative research	Nigel Fielding&Raymond M. Lee		This is a comprehensive assessment of recent developments in the use of computers in qualitative research, an increasingly important and rapidly growing area of interest among social scientists and graduate students.Using Computers in Qualitative Research profiles and compares the principal programs available, identifying their particular strengths and limitations. It outlines the sorts of research problems that existing and forthcoming software can and cannot handle. The contributors also draw on their experiences of teaching computer-based techniques to suggest ways in which these could be incorporated into research methods training. [Reprinted with updated information on computer resources, 1992]	1991	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803965492	High school students earning college credit,a guide to creating dual-credit programs	Margaret Fincher-Ford		This book details the process of developing agreements between high schools and colleges in the United States to allow students to earn both high school and college credit while at high school. The author explains issues including: legal constraints; processes for curriculum alignment; funding sources; and evaluation procedures.	1997	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803978706	Experiencing organizations	Stephen Fineman&Yiannis Gabriel		Told through the fresh, sharp eyes of new organizational recruits, these sometimes comic, often traumatic, but always vivid and revealing accounts of organizations have much to say to learners and old hands alike. Grouped in sections on `images', `winning and losing' and `survival and injuries', the narratives encompass a wide gamut of themes and issue. These include: power and politics in organizations; organizational cultures and change; gender and discrimination; appearances and realities; leaders and followers; and emotion, motivation and stress. The authors also focus on the coldly competitive features of businesses where processes such as restructuring, rationalization and downsizing are increasingly commonplace.Thro	1996-07-31	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803962422	Accelerated schools in action,lessons from the field	Christine R. Finnan		This book provides unique insights into one of the United States' most comprehensive school-restructuring movements, the Accelerated Schools Project. Since its inception in 1986, the Project has aimed to transform school cultures which slow down learning through remediation into cultures which accelerate the learning of all students. The contributors to the book explore the challenges which face those involved in the Project.	1996	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803950085	Older volunteers,a guide to research and practice	Lucy Rose Fischer&Kay Banister Schaffer		This review of research on recruiting, retaining and working with older volunteers provides a synthesis of 'best practices' based on case studies of exemplary volunteer programmes. The authors examine the range of volunteer roles and organizations, the motivation behind volunteering, techniques of recruiting and keeping older volunteers, as well as managerial issues such as developing training programmes.	1993-02-25	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178291710	Beyond micro-credit,putting development back into micro-finance	Thomas Fisher&M. S. Sriram		Micro-finance has emerged in recent years as a major tool for development and is fast growing as an international industry. This book explores how developmental goals and action can be put back into micro-finance. It sets out how micro-finance can be designed, in practice, to contribute to a wide range of developmental objectives, including social and economic security for poor people, promoting livelihoods, building democratic people`s organisations, empowering women, and changing wider systems or institutions within society. It provides a detailed discussion on the fast expanding movement of savings and credit or `self-help` groups in India, and presents a comparison of these groups with those promoted by the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh, reviewing the differences in their sustainability, outreach and impact on poor people.	2002-08-01	Oxfam						ZZZ000000
9780761903406	Americans view crime and justice,a national public opinion survey	Timothy J. Flanagan&Dennis R. Longmire		The results from the United States National Crime and Justice Survey conducted in 1995 are analyzed in this volume. The survey provided a comprehensive national assessment of attitudes, and the topics covered include: fear of crime; gun control; capital punishment; and juvenile crime. Using the data collected, distinguished criminologists report on the development and current status of public opinion on these issues. They also present an analysis of the implications of the data taken during the survey.	1996-06-18	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803970328	Long-term imprisonment,policy, science, and correctional practice	Timothy J. Flanagan		The use of long-term imprisonment as a response to crime, the effects of long-term incarceration and the strategies used by inmates to adjust to confinement are the focus of this volume. The book explores the prison experience from the male and the female perspective and discusses the correctional management challenges posed by long-term incarceration.Comprising a set of articles originally published in The Prison Journal the book is complemented by research reports, an analysis of long-term inmates confined in United States and Canadian prisons, and essays written by long-term prisoners.	1995-04-06	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803970335	Long-term imprisonment,policy, science, and correctional practice	Timothy J. Flanagan		The use of long-term imprisonment as a response to crime, the effects of long-term incarceration and the strategies used by inmates to adjust to confinement are the focus of this volume. The book explores the prison experience from the male and the female perspective and discusses the correctional management challenges posed by long-term incarceration.Comprising a set of articles originally published in The Prison Journal the book is complemented by research reports, an analysis of long-term inmates confined in United States and Canadian prisons, and essays written by long-term prisoners.	1995-04-06	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412911467	An introduction to qualitative research	Uwe Flick		This Third Edition of Uwe Flick's bestselling textbook has been fully revised, expanded, and updated but retains all of the student-friendly elements and carefully structured qualities of the previous edition. This new edition will ensure that An Introduction to Qualitative Research preserves its status as the essential introductory text for all students of qualitative research. Six new chapters have been added and updated discussions and references are incorporated throughout the text. Additional features to this edition include chapter overviews, case studies, lists of key points and end-of-chapter exercises.	2006	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803963900	Teaching Macbeth (and more),better planning, better learning	Dan Flickstein		Creating lesson plans for teaching English literature in high schools is the theme of this book. Consideration is given to students and their needs, the literary work being studied and the most appropriate and effective instructional strategies. Four units of study are included to demonstrate the variety of approaches to teaching literature.	1996-03-12	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761960157	Data analysis using SPSS for Windows,a beginner's guide	Jeremy J. Foster		SPSS for Windows is the most widely used computer package for analyzing quantitative data. In a clear, readable, non-technical style, this book teaches beginners how to use the program, input and manipulate data, use descriptive analyses and inferential techniques, including: t-tests, analysis of variance, correlation and regression, nonparametric techniques, and reliability analysis and factor analysis.  The author provides an overview of statistical analysis, and then shows in a simple step-by-step method how to set up an SPSS file in order to run an analysis as well as how to graph and display data. He explains how to use SPSS for all the main statistical approaches you would expect to find in an introductory statistics course.  The book is written for users of Versions 6 and 6.1, but will be equally valuable to users of later versions.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853962660	Observing schools,a methodological guide	Peter Foster		'This relatively short book ... repays reading as a whole after which it will be a valuable reference for particular aspects of observational methodology' - EERA Bulletin  Observing Schools discusses the nature and purposes of observational research in schools. It covers the different observational techniques which can be used, and their advantages and disadvantages, bridging the gap between qualitative and quantitative approaches. The preparations which must be made before observation, the process of observation itself, and the recording and analysis of observations are discussed in detail. The book also explores how assessments can be made of observational accounts and discusses the ethical issues rais	1996-09	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780761966425	An invitation to ethnomethodology,language, society and social interaction	David Francis&Stephen Hester		This book offers a new and rigorous approach to observational sociology that is grounded in ethnomethodology and conversation analysis.  Throughout the authors encourage the reader to explore the social world at first hand, beginning with the immediate family context and then moving out into the public realm and organizational life. Examples of observational analysis are given with reference to topic areas such as family life, education, medicine, crime and deviance, and the reader is shown how to conduct their own inquiries, using methods and materials that are readily and ordinarily available.   Drawing on both original material and published studies, Francis and Hester demonstrate how observational sociology can be carried out with an attention to detail typically overlooked by more traditional ethonographic approaches.	2004	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803959217	Childhood obsessive compulsive disorder	Greta Francis&Rod A. Gragg		A complex, puzzling disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) is characterized by a child's or teenager's obsessions with contamination, object hoarding, and exact orderliness and compulsions involving rituals of washing, cleaning, checking and rechecking, or counting. Childhood Obsessive Compulsive Disorder draws on the most up-to-date research available to provide a comprehensive overview of this problem, from diagnosis through treatment. Authors Greta Francis and Rod A. Gragg first describe childhood and adolescent OCD in its various forms and discuss the etiology and epidemiology of OCD. They also explore assessment methods and their usefulness in research and practice, and both pharmacological and psychosocial treatments. In addition, intriguing case examples of this enigmatic disorder, measurement scales for it, and a manual for cognitive-behavioral treatment make this book a vital guide for clinicians. Consolidated into one integral volume, the information on diagnosing and treating children with OCD presented here will be invaluable to students, professionals, and researchers in clinical/counseling psychology, developmental psychology, nursing, behavioral psychology, and social work.	1996-09-03	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761914266	Up the political ladder,career paths in U.S. politics	Wayne L. Francis&Lawrence W. Kenny		A theory of political ambition is developed in which political actors seek to increase their territorial jurisdiction and/or the size of their electoral constituency. Ease of entry and advancement into state and national politics, however, are shown to vary markedly across the nation. Strategic considerations play an important role in career decisions. Legislators take into account whether or not they will face an incumbent, the quality of likely opponents in primaries, the cost of campaigns, the relative value of their present office versus a higher office, and looming term limits. For example, as a result of term limits on state legislators, patient, highly selective, and successful moves up the political ladder have been replaced by early exits from office and riskier challenges for higher office. Those who are too liberal or conservative for their party and state are less likely to win statewide races. Distance from the winning state party position serve as a key to understanding which senators are reelected and which House members enter and win Senate primaries. It also explains why those preparing for statewide races shift their positions gradually over many years to improve their odds of success.	2000	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761914273	Up the political ladder,career paths in U.S. politics	Wayne L. Francis&Lawrence W. Kenny		A theory of political ambition is developed in which political actors seek to increase their territorial jurisdiction and/or the size of their electoral constituency. Ease of entry and advancement into state and national politics, however, are shown to vary markedly across the nation. Strategic considerations play an important role in career decisions. Legislators take into account whether or not they will face an incumbent, the quality of likely opponents in primaries, the cost of campaigns, the relative value of their present office versus a higher office, and looming term limits. For example, as a result of term limits on state legislators, patient, highly selective, and successful moves up the political ladder have been replaced by early exits from office and riskier challenges for higher office. Those who are too liberal or conservative for their party and state are less likely to win statewide races. Distance from the winning state party position serve as a key to understanding which senators are reelected and which House members enter and win Senate primaries. It also explains why those preparing for statewide races shift their positions gradually over many years to improve their odds of success.	2000	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412915175	Social statistics for a diverse society	Chava Frankfort-Nachmias&Anna Leon-Guerrero		*This is NOT the edition that comes with the student version of SPSS software. To order that, please order ISBN: 978-1-4129-1793-3.*Written especially for undergraduate students taking their first course in social statistics, this highly accessible bestselling text has been thoroughly revised and updated with the latest General Social Survey data. This new 4th Edition maintains the same informal, conversational writing style along with the many pedagogical features have led to the previous editions' widespread success. It also introduces new social issues, including more analysis of cultural diversity. The text includes resources designed to support effective teaching: illustrations showing how statistical concepts are used to interpret social issues, guides for reading and interpreting the research literature, SPSS demonstrations, and a rich variety of exercises. In this 4th Edition, the authors have introduced a strong global perspective by using real-life examples from the International Social Survey Programme that help expand the students' analytical focus beyond the United States.New to the 4th Edition:All new Student Study Site at http://www.pineforge.com/frankfort-nachmiasstudy4 with interactive quizzes and web exercises, e-flashcards, online research activities, links to SAGE journal articles and more! Moves the former Chapters 9 and 15 in the Third Edition to the CD, per reviewer suggestions Merges the former electronic chapters on ANOVA and extended treatments of regression and correlation into the textbook Includes expanded and updated datasets with new ISSP and GSS data Covers new social issues, including more on cultural diversity (e.g., same-sex marriages) Includes excerpts from journal articles on the website that explore various techniques and illustrate concepts presented in the text"This book is the best I have seen on the market. It is the only book I have seen that manages to teach both statistics and a great deal of social science." -- Tom Linneman College of William and Mary	2005-07-27	Pine Forge Press						ZZZ000000
9780761963776	Nature and social theory	Adrian Franklin		This book asks the questions can `Man' be separated from `Nature'? Is it valid to seek to `control' Nature? It argues that the firm modern boundaries between nature and culture have been breached and pulls together new strands of thinking about nature which suggest that humanity and nature have never been separate. The argument is developed through a critical discussion of the Romantic ideal of pure nature, unsullied by humanity and largely confined to fragile margins in need of protection and more recent discourses which identify nature with environment, and cast man in the role of a polluter and destroyer.	2002	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803984943	George Kelly	Fay Fransella		George Kelly's personal construct theory, first published in 1955, is as radical today as it was then. Describing how each one of us goes about our daily life trying to make sense of the events around us, it maintains that we are in charge of what we do in the world, that we do not merely react to events.This book reveals that George Kelly was a man of enormous intellect, of many talents and of great complexity. Fay Fransella outlines how his views have influenced the theory and practice of psychotherapy, and illustrates how his training in physics and mathematics influenced his theory and led to the development of one of his methods of measurement - the repertory grid.The book also describes Kelly's philosophy of constructive alternativism, which suggests that we have created and can therefore recreate ourselves, and that what is true for the individual, rather than some external truth, is what matters. This philosophy can be seen as a precursor of the current emphasis on constructivism. Criticisms of Kelly's work and examples of work carried out within this framework since his death are also featured.	1995	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803938106	Social work practice with Asian Americans	Sharlene Maeda Furuto		Insight into the profound differences between the value systems of Asian American and mainstream American culture is provided by this volume by means of a comprehensive treatment of social work theory and practice with an ethnic minority.The contributors discuss both historical and contemporary experiences Asian Americans have had in adapting to and integrating into American society, and explore intervention issues with specific client populations such as Vietnamese refugee women and Korean American elderly.	1992-04-30	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781412969802	Developing performance-based assessments,grades 6-12	Nancy P. Gallavan		This book guides educators through an assessment process that is fully integrated with the daily curriculum and designed to significantly improve student performance.	2008-12-23	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781412966085	Developing Performance-Based Assessments, Grades K-5	Nancy P. Gallavan		This resource describes how to construct performance-based assessments that allow educators to align curriculum and instruction with students' needs and effectively measure learner performance.	2008-12-23	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761992721	Kin state intervention in ethnic conflicts,lessons from South Asia	Rajat Ganguly		This book examines the role of ethnic `kin states' in ethnosecessionist conflicts in South Asia using comparative case studies, both historical and contemporary. The author looks at how they respond to co-nationals across international boundaries and challenges the conventional wisdom that kin states act primarily as allies or friends. He provides a theoretical framework for understanding their role and then tests it against five major case studies to look at the differences in motives, responses, policy differences and consequences.	1998-09-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803965331	Too scared to learn,overcoming academic anxiety	Cara L. Garcia		This book explains academic anxiety, what causes it and what its physical and intellectual effects are. Strategies are provided for teachers and school counsellors to use with students in a one-on-one setting to overcome serious academic anxiety.	1998	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761953746	Changing experiences of youth	Daren Garratt&Jeremy Roche&Stanley Tucker		This innovative collection looks at the diverse experiences of young people in a multicultural society and of those who work with them. It covers a wide range of topics including: young people's lives and experiences; services provided for young people; and experiences of those who work with young people.	1997-02-10	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803973527	Transportation planning on trial,the Clean Air Act and travel forecasting	Mark Garrett&Martin Wachs		After a decade-long shift in emphasis in regional transportation planning, steadily impacted by politics and planning commissions, environmental impact studies, and national, state and local legislation, the authors interpret and explain the meaning of the transportation planning process in the United States today. The book focuses on the interrelations between federal legislation, the judicial process and transportation planning, particularly in light of two important landmark federal acts - The Clean Air Act of 1990 and the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991. The repercussions of these Acts have caused planners throughout the US to be much more circumspect about commitments they include in transportation plans and tr	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803975903	Undisciplined theory	Gary Genosko		What is the value of interdisciplinary theory? Are there any boundaries left which social theory must recognize? This book shows that the vital questions in theory are being posed and followed at the interdisciplinary level. Our awareness of this is curtailed by the institutional organization of social theory which still tends to assume a canon and clear boundaries. Gary Genosko proposes that postmodernism has provided the main challenge to institutional myopia. Yet postmodernism is too often treated as an aberration or a blind alley. The challenge for social theorists today is to develop and practice `undisciplined theories' which constantly question the limits of the canon and expose the porous character of boundaries.  The book contains rigorous and original analyses of the writings of Baudrillard, Deleuze, Guattari, McLuhan, Freud and St Augustine. The author uses these materials to point the way to credible forms of undisciplined theory. Three tasks emerge as urgent issues for social theory: the need to think and feel ambivalence; to track the circulation of anomalies in theoretical texts; and to learn from the fascination with interpretative boundlessness.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803975910	Undisciplined theory	Gary Genosko		What is the value of interdisciplinary theory? Are there any boundaries left which social theory must recognize? This book shows that the vital questions in theory are being posed and followed at the interdisciplinary level. Our awareness of this is curtailed by the institutional organization of social theory which still tends to assume a canon and clear boundaries. Gary Genosko proposes that postmodernism has provided the main challenge to institutional myopia. Yet postmodernism is too often treated as an aberration or a blind alley. The challenge for social theorists today is to develop and practice `undisciplined theories' which constantly question the limits of the canon and expose the porous character of boundaries.  The book contains rigorous and original analyses of the writings of Baudrillard, Deleuze, Guattari, McLuhan, Freud and St Augustine. The author uses these materials to point the way to credible forms of undisciplined theory. Three tasks emerge as urgent issues for social theory: the need to think and feel ambivalence; to track the circulation of anomalies in theoretical texts; and to learn from the fascination with interpretative boundlessness.	1998-06-18	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803983762	An invitation to social construction	Kenneth J. Gergen		`An Invitiation to Social Construction is a rewarding read for newcomers to social constructionist thinking and for those well acquainted with this view.' - New Therapist  `Kenneth Gergen's new book, An Invitation to Social Construction, may be the best introduction to the scholarship on social constructionism available today - but that's not all it is. It is also an inspiring and optimistic vision of what we can do to create better lives for ourselves....Gergen's new book is a key book for you to read' - Amazon  From a leading figure in the field, this introductory text forms an elegant overview of social constructionism that is at once wide-ranging and accessible.	1999-12	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803983779	An invitation to social construction	Kenneth J. Gergen		`An Invitiation to Social Construction is a rewarding read for newcomers to social constructionist thinking and for those well acquainted with this view.' - New Therapist  `Kenneth Gergen's new book, An Invitation to Social Construction, may be the best introduction to the scholarship on social constructionism available today - but that's not all it is. It is also an inspiring and optimistic vision of what we can do to create better lives for ourselves....Gergen's new book is a key book for you to read' - Amazon  From a leading figure in the field, this introductory text forms an elegant overview of social constructionism that is at once wide-ranging and accessible.	1999	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803989108	Gender, symbolism and organizational cultures	Silvia Gherardi		The symbolic order of gender in organizations - how gender relations are culturally and discursively produced and reproduced, and how they might be 'done' differently, are explored in this book.Silvia Gherardi focuses on the relationship between gender, power and culture in organizations and on the need to come to grips with the pervasive, elusive and ambiguous nature of gender in work settings. She introduces two key metaphors. The first is of the sexual contract, which centres on the sexuality of organizations and 'static' gender difference. The second, of the alchemic wedding, highlights a plurality of cultural models of femaleness and of women/work relationships, and processes of dynamic difference, transformation and transcendence.Gherardi continues her examination of the construction of gender relations in the workplace through a series of rich and illuminating stories which also draw on various symbolic archetypes as powerful forms of cultural expression. The final section of the book looks at possibilities for change, developing in particular a concept of different forms of gender citizenship of organizations.	1995	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803948150	A Practical guide to the evaluation of sexual abuse in the prepubertal child	Angelo P. Giardino		Carefully developed and thoroughly field tested, this volume is a guide to aid practitioners in the identification, evaluation, and documentation of suspected sexual abuse of children. It will be invaluable to a broad range of professionals, including pediatricians, doctors, nurses, health care and child protection workers, clinical social workers, and psychologists.With over 45 medical illustrations, the manual reassures caregiving professionals in their role as health care provider and/or child advocate. It provides a solid reference showing how to proceed with medical and psychological assessment and gives practical guidelines for doing physical and genital examinations, pertinent laboratory studies, and proper documentation.	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761952220	The politics of postmodernity,an introduction to contemporary politics and culture	John R. Gibbins&Bo Reimer		What happens to politics in the postmodern condition? The Politics of Postmodernity is a political tour de force that addresses this key contemporary question.  Politics in postmodernity is carefully contextualized by relating its specific sphere - the polity - to those of the economic, social, technological and cultural. The authors confront globalization and the notion of postmodernity as disorganized capitalism. They analyze the role of the mass media, the changing ways in which politics is used, the role of the state and the progressive potential of politics in postmodern times. Closing with a postscript on the future of the discipline of political science, this book offers a profound yet highly accessible account of how politics is undergoing a shift from the modern to the postmodern.	1999	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761976509	Using peer mediation in classrooms and schools,strategies for teachers, counselors, and administrators	James Gilhooley&Nannette S. Scheuch		Everything you need to initiate a peer mediation program in your school and tips for expanding an existing program can be found in this comprehensive guide.	2000-03-07	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761940029	Research methods for managers	John Gill&Phil Johnson		`With its comprehensive coverage, clear, logical structure and lucid, accessible writing style, this masterful introduction to management research sets a standard others will find hard to emulate. A highly informative 'must buy', I strongly recommend this text as essential reading for all engaged in research in management.' - Peter L Jennings, University of Southampton, School of Management `John Gill & Phil Johnson have written a text which is necessary reading for management students. But it is even more necessary reading for those managers - both of the student and//or practising variety - who in their search for a coherent and hard identity have chosen to see themselves as men and women of action rather than theorisers'-Alex Weich, Westminster Business School `Gill and Johnson do a first class job of interpreting and personalising the mystique of research in business and management. The new edition of their book offers a wealth of detail encompassing all aspects of research in practice [with] real insights into the process of selecting a research approach and the practical, philosophical and methodological implications that ensue. The authors well-grounded experience shows throughout the work injecting a much needed dose of realism. The result is a well-balanced treatment of the crucial issues in management research. As I was reading through the work, I found myself challenging my own research perceptions and approaches. I personally rate it as a real gem. A must for the questioning research student (and the professional researcher)' - Darren Dalcher, Head of Software Forensics Centre, Middlesex University The new and updated Third Edition of this bestselling introductory text:  - Is even more practical and easy to use for students with exercises & an up to date glossary of terms  - Provides new and updated examples of management research in practice - Uses detailed examples drawn from published management research to illustrate issues and methodologies - Provides in-depth suggestions for further reading at the end of each chapter - Provides a sound basis and will continue to assist students at first degree, diploma, MBA or Doctorate level.  The authors address key philosophical matters that are fundamental to any real understanding of the methodological approaches to management research. They challenge the advocacy of some methods over others, pointing out the advantages and disadvantages of different methods according to the kinds of data they afford. Research Methods for Managers enables students to take their first steps in project work, confident that they are on firm ground in their choice of methodological approaches.	2002	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761997580	The double burden of malnutrition in Asia,causes, consequences, and solutions	Stuart R. Gillespie&Lawrence James Haddad		The greatest number of malnourished children in the world reside in Asia. The Double Burden of Malnutrition in Asia is inspired by the massive challenge that this situation currently poses for Asia. It describes the main driving forces behind the groundswell of undernutrition, while shedding light on the emerging double burden of co-existing underweight and overweight, and the linkages between these two different forms of malnutrition.Following detailed analyses of causes and consequences, Gillespie and Haddad provide clear evidence-based options for remedial action in differing contexts, all based on the use of a practical approach to conceptualising risks and opportunities through the lifecycle. Taken together, the evidence and experience presented by the authors constitute a powerful weapon in the battle against malnutrition, and one that is relevant for a wide range of actors and institutions both in Asia and beyond.	2003	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761932956	Reflections and mobilizations,dialogues with movements and voluntary organizations	Ananta Kumar Giri		`There has been an unprecented flourishing of new social movements around the world in recent years. This revival has opened our eyes to wider horizons, and strengthened our confidence in the fact that "another world is possible". Giri's book gives inspiring glimpses of this process' - Jean Dreze, Visiting Professor, Delhi School of Economics  `A book that gives voice to the unsuing heroes of the worldwide strugle for social justice... and which the huge reservoir of creativity that resides in contemporary social movements' - John Clammer, Professor of Comparative Culture, Sophia University, Tokyo  This book describes the visions, experiments, struggles and aspirations of various social movements and voluntary organizations from India and other parts of the world which are striving to achieve tribal development, community development, education, housing, human rights and economic development.  Combining theoretical reflection with fieldwork, the author goes beyond a description of the activities of these movements and organizations to engage in a critical dialogue where participants critique their lives and their organizations. In doing so, a two-way learning process between scholars and activists can be developed.	2005	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803981454	The Transformation of contemporary conservatism	Brian Girvin		Since the electoral successes of several conservative governments in 1979, conservative ideas and politics have been placed at the centre of the political agenda of the liberal democracies for the first time since 1945.  This book studies the experience of a number of representative conservative parties in Europe and the United States. It explains the success of conservatism since the 1970s by examining the political cultures, the characteristics of particular parties or forms of conservatism, and the social bases of conservatism in particular countries.	1988	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803957916	Community organizing,building social capital as a development strategy	Ross J. Gittell&Avis Vidal		Community Organizing provides new insight into an important national challenge how to stimulate the formation of genuinely community-based organizations and effective citizen action in neighborhoods that have not spawned these efforts spontaneously. Since Robert Putnam's identification of the role of social capital in regional governance and economic development, there has been a virtual industry of interest and action created around the implications of his findings for the development of low-income communities. Yet, there remains a paucity of detailed empirical effort testing and refining his ideas. This book attempts to fill this gap. Community Organizing distills lessons from a national demonstration program that employed a novel approach to community organizing consensus organizing. Consensus organizing enhances social capital, building both stronger internal ties and capacity in low-income communities and fostering new relations (bridges) between residents of low-income communities and larger metropolitan area support communities.  Using evaluation research and detailed comparative study of community development activity in three diverse demonstration sites, Ross Gittell and Avis Vidal identify key elements of building social capital, which strongly affect community development: comprehension of community development, credibility of effort and participants, confidence, competence, and constructive critiques of efforts. Other elements are more relevant to program management and implementation and include communication among participants, congruence of program effort, management of inherent contradiction, and adjusting implementation to reflect local context.  This book describes the limits and promise of building social capital and will be of interest to community development students and professionals.	1998-06-10	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803964761	Doing science,innovative curriculum for the life sciences	Neal A. Glasgow		Problem-based, student-centred learning is the key to implementation of the national standards for science education in the United States. Students learn science best by `doing' science, by identifying real-world problems and designing projects that lead to possible solutions.Based on extensive experience in an award-winning US high school science programme, this book provides a step-by-step guide for designing problem-based learning in the life sciences.	1996-08-23	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803964778	Doing science,innovative curriculum for the life sciences	Neal A. Glasgow		Problem-based, student-centred learning is the key to implementation of the national standards for science education in the United States. Students learn science best by `doing' science, by identifying real-world problems and designing projects that lead to possible solutions.Based on extensive experience in an award-winning US high school science programme, this book provides a step-by-step guide for designing problem-based learning in the life sciences.	1996-08-23	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803962736	Quality teaching through professional development	Allan A. Glatthorn&Linda E. Fox		This book is concerned with the conflict in United States schools between principals and teachers over teacher supervision. Many teachers are unhappy, regarding classroom supervision as a meaningless and intrusive ritual where all teachers - regardless of experience and competence - receive the same superficial treatment. The solution advocated by the authors includes a more individualized, less clinical form of supervision which draws upon the best of current research on teaching and team leadership.	1996	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803961111	Thriving on stress for success	Walter H. Gmelch&Wilbert Chan		This book explores the links between stress and performance in schools and helps principals actually thrive on stress for their success. Gmelch and Chan explore ways to generate the proper amounts of stress for optimum stimulation and performance: first to stimulate the principals to become effective and second to control stress in order to achieve success.The first part of the book provides a stress check up assessment and foundation for using stress for success. The second part assists with the problems of rustout and burnout. Self-assessments and coping techniques are provided along with foundations for maintaining peak performance. The book concludes with a compilation of helpful stress resource guide material.	1994	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803952409	Understanding the new politics of abortion	Malcolm L. Goggin		With contributions from leading scholars in abortion politics, this volume presents a new theoretical framework for understanding the conflict over abortion rights. It serves in three ways: as the source of the most up-to-date assessment of the controversy; as a stimulant to debate about the future of abortion policy; and as a tool for understanding abortion as a political issue.	1993	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803952416	Understanding the new politics of abortion	Malcolm L. Goggin		With contributions from leading scholars in abortion politics, this volume presents a new theoretical framework for understanding the conflict over abortion rights. It serves in three ways: as the source of the most up-to-date assessment of the controversy; as a stimulant to debate about the future of abortion policy; and as a tool for understanding abortion as a political issue.	1993	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761953302	Beyond cultural imperialism,globalization, communication and the new international order	Peter Golding&Phil Harris		Moving beyond notions of cultural imperialism, this book furthers our understanding of the implications of global media culture and politics in the 1990s.Leading scholars from a range of fields bring different perspectives to bear on the role of the state, the range of culture beyond the media, the contribution of international organizations, and the potential for resistance and alternatives. They reflect on the `New World International Communications Order' as delineated since the 1970s, and examine its changing nature. Throughout, they connect analysis of the flows and forces which form the world media and communications with the fundamental themes of social science, and illuminate the ways in which underlying questions of inequality, power and control reappear within new media environments.	1997-02-18	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761919407	Analyzing crime patterns,frontiers of practice	Victor Goldsmith		This volume shows how state-of-the-art geographic information systems (GIS), used to display patterns of crime to stimulate effective strategies and decision-making, are revolutionizing urban law enforcement. The contributors present expert information for understanding and successfully employing the latest technologies in this field.	2000	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412903462	Employee representation in non-union firms	Paul Gollan		Organizational Citizenship Behavior provides new insights into the impact of NER on managerial objectives and the employee objective of influencing managerial decisions. It takes on board important developments such as European Union Directives and assesses the effectiveness of NER bargaining, consultation and representation in comparison to that of the unions. The book is underpinned by a review of the existing literature on NER and examination of its current practice using survey data and original case analysis.	2007	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803977280	Comparative mental health policy,from institutional to community care	Simon Goodwin		This book presents a comparative analysis of mental health policy in Western Europe and North America. It also considers how and why differences have developed in the implementation of these policies. Author Simon Goodwin examines the transition from institutional to community-based models of care for people with mental health problems, identifying variations in the inception, pace, and style in which community-based service provision has emerged in different countries. Goodwin also assesses the problems and issues that have arisen as a result of the shift toward more community-based systems of care and treatment and argues that it is a policy made up of conflicting aims and purposes and that this is reflected in its implementation. Comparative Mental Health Policy is an accessible review of mental health services in different countries and will be of interest to students and academics in comparative social policy, mental health, sociology of health, and nursing studies.	1997-09-29	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803967908	Creating a winning game plan,the secondary teacher's playbook	Michael Douglas Gose		This book contains a wealth of strategies for new and experienced teachers. Specific  examples and advice are provided for negotiating the school culture, planning  lessons, teaching strategies, multicultural classrooms, and classroom management  and discipline.	1999-03-30	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781873942826	Teaching Self-Control in the Classroom,A Cognitive Behavioural Approach	Patricia Gourley		Learning about the relationship between thoughts and behaviour is stimulating and enjoyable. These seven stories teach children to:  " reflect on behaviour and consequences " learn to control impulsivity stop and think " manage feelings and practise positive self-talk.  The publication contains all the necessary teaching materials, lesson notes and copiable resources needed to work on self-control techniques and problem-solving strategies in the primary classroom.  This resource provides teachers with a new and different approach to the teaching of responsible behaviour and decision-making. No prior knowledge of cognitive behaviour theory is necessary.	1999-01	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780761941422	Cognitive behavioural therapy in mental health care	Alec Grant&Ronan Mulhern&Jem Mills&Nigel Short		Instructors: Please click here to request a review copy of this title for adoption consideration.Desk copies are available by calling 1-800-818-7243.`As a lifelong disseminator of CBT I can not remember such a transformational book. I read it like a novel, cover to cover in 24 hours' - Amanda Cole, Consultant Cognitive Behavioural Psychotherapist  `This book is unique in presenting cognitive behaviour therapy in an accessible, contextualised way for mental health practitioners working in the NHS today. The authors have a great deal of experience of practising and teaching CBT and this richness is revealed in the many case examples throughout the text' - Stirling Moorey, Head of Psychotherapy South London and Maudsley Trust  `This is a wonderful text - fresh, contemporary and practical, as well as subtly subversive! It manages to convey the essence of cognitive therapy in a clear, easy-to-read manner, while drawing the reader to re-consider some of the more questionable assumptions of mainstream approaches' - James Bennett-Levy, Oxford Cognitive Therapy Centre  `At last, a text book about cognitive approaches to mental health that can be understood without the use of a dictionary or a scientific calculator. This book manages to bring to life both the theory of technique and the reality of practice. It is a "must have" book for anyone working in mental health'- Ron Coleman, Author, Trainer and Consultant, Fife, Scotland  Cognitive Behaviour Therapy (CBT) is becoming increasingly central to evidence-based mental health care and to the professional development of many mental health workers. Written to meet the needs of those acquiring knowledge and skills in this area, Cognitive Behaviour Therapy in Mental Health Care outlines the core principles involved in:  } building the therapeutic alliance } case formulation } and assessment and  } interventions   The authors emphasize the collaborative nature of CBT and its effectiveness in helping clients achieve both short-term goals, as well as more adaptive ways of thinking about themselves, others and the world over the longer term. Chapters cover the use of CBT in different settings and address a range of problems from personality disorders, depression and anxiety to the psychological problems associated with physical illness.   With case examples woven throughout, Cognitive Behavioural Therapy in Mental Health Care is an ideal text for use in training and a useful source of reference for qualified practitioners working in a variety of mental health settings.	2004-08-30	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803976290	Metaphor and organizations	David Grant&Cliff Oswick		Metaphors are, according to Gareth Morgan 'a way of thinking and a way of seeing'. The use of metaphor underpins the expectations, behaviour and strategies governing all aspects of organizational life. Written by a team of internationally renowned scholars, this collection of critical essays analyzes the role of metaphor in the theory of organizations. The book extends existing debates concerning metaphor and the study of organizations, and also generates new concepts and theories in the field. The introduction shows how metaphors work and familiarizes the reader with key areas of debate concerning their use. Part One considers the role of metaphor in creating new theories of organization and in reinterpreting existing theories. Parts Two and Three go beyond the theoretical context, to examine the use of metaphor in our organizational experience. Part Two explores metaphor in organizational discourse and language, showing how the construction of different metaphors can provide powerful tools with which to manage organizations. Part Three investigates the relevance of metaphors in real organizational situations and how they influence attitudes and behaviour. Finally, Part Four offers an agenda for the function of metaphors in organizational research and suggests new directions that this research might take.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761948780	Doing research in the real world	David Edward Gray		Doing Research in the Real World provides the clearest and most accessible introduction to research strategies and techniques.  David Gray equips readers with the skills necessary to design and implement their own research project. The book covers all the essential aspects of actually doing research, providing coverage of both quantitative and qualitative methods, and dealing with all the main elements of the research process and the design of appropriate research tools.   Practically focused throughout, Doing Research in the Real World encourages the reader to develop an awareness of the real nature of research, and the means by which data can be collected, validated and interpreted.  The book will help the reader to: - select appropriate projects for research whilst identifying the possibilities and limitations within their own working environment for conducting a research project - decide on the most effective research design strategies  - select and use appropriate data and literature sources - select appropriate research methods  - choose and implement methods of data collection - analyze and present data for the maximum impact - think critically about the nature and values of the research agenda   Written in a lively and engaging manner, the book includes a number of student activities and a variety of work related case studies.   Doing Research in the Real World is an invaluable resource for students and researchers completing work-related research projects across the social sciences, and is an invaluable tool for those undertaking research in the workplace.	2004-05-25	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761948797	Doing research in the real world	David Edward Gray		Doing Research in the Real World provides the clearest and most accessible introduction to research strategies and techniques.  David Gray equips readers with the skills necessary to design and implement their own research project. The book covers all the essential aspects of actually doing research, providing coverage of both quantitative and qualitative methods, and dealing with all the main elements of the research process and the design of appropriate research tools.   Practically focused throughout, Doing Research in the Real World encourages the reader to develop an awareness of the real nature of research, and the means by which data can be collected, validated and interpreted.  The book will help the reader to: - select appropriate projects for research whilst identifying the possibilities and limitations within their own working environment for conducting a research project - decide on the most effective research design strategies  - select and use appropriate data and literature sources - select appropriate research methods  - choose and implement methods of data collection - analyze and present data for the maximum impact - think critically about the nature and values of the research agenda   Written in a lively and engaging manner, the book includes a number of student activities and a variety of work related case studies.   Doing Research in the Real World is an invaluable resource for students and researchers completing work-related research projects across the social sciences, and is an invaluable tool for those undertaking research in the workplace.	2004-05-25	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781853960512	Mega-merger mayhem,takeover strategies, battles and controls	S. J. Gray&Michael C. McDermott		In Mega-Merger Mayhem, Sidney Gray and Michael McDermott review the recent merger boom in the United Kingdom from February 1985 to June 1988, highlighting the key events and discussing the major issues. They identify the strengths and weaknesses of the Government's merger policy in action, and its attitudes towards competition. They also examine the conduct of the combatants and their advisors in these battles. Finally they assess the policy implications of recent developments, both for the UK and the EC, and propose various changes.  Sidney Gray and Michael McDermott describe the drama of the takeover battles: the tension, the surprise, the sudden attack, the way first one company gains the advantage and then the other, the final triumph of the victor and the humiliation of the vanquished.  The seven battles are chosen for their interest and reflect important sectors of UK and world business.	1989-05-28	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803968943	Assessing and training secondary school administrators,a practical workbook for selecting candidates and developing their skills after they're on board	G. Steven Griggs		Covering a variety of legal, moral, ethical, financial and public relations issues, this book can be used to evaluate prospective secondary school administrators train newly appointed administrators, or explore self-evaluation and alternative solutions for common situations faced by practicing administrators.	1999-09-16	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761908913	Doing ethnographic research,fieldwork settings	Scott Grills		There is nothing quite so exciting and daunting as taking your first steps into the field as an ethnographic researcher. This collection of essays features the contributions of a wide range of researchers who consider the key research problems in their given field site and how they were managed. The selections give a novice researcher a sense of the problems, uncertainties, and apprehensions that are part of the research act, as well as the benefit of the experiences that these researchers share in dealing with those issues. Editor Scott Grills presents a collection that takes the reader through the natural history of the research act from establishing oneself in the fieldwork setting to presentation and representation issues. Doing Ethnographic Research is ideally suited for use in a research methods class. As an "ethnography of ethnography," it provides a behind-the-scenes glimpse into fieldwork and simultaneously shows students how research done in substantive areas quite distant from their own can be powerfully relevant and revealing.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803970120	Constructing the self in a mediated world	Debra Grodin&Thomas R. Lindlof		In today's media-saturated world, identities are no longer built solely within the close-knit communities of family, neighborhood, school, and work. Today media are part of our world and therefore play an important role in the formulations of our identities or constructions of self. In a truly postmodern mode, Constructing the Self in a Mediated World not only brings together the usually segregated areas of interpersonal and mass communication but also incorporates works from scholars in sociology, psychology, and women's studies as well. Each essay examines our understanding of self in a different context of mediated culture within a specific framework of interpretive theories such as critical theory, social constructionist theory, and feminism. This volume provides insights into issues of self and identity in contemporary mediated culture. Designed for advanced students and experienced researchers in communication (both media and interpersonal), sociology, psychology, and women's studies. Constructing the Self in a Mediated World raises important questions and contributes greatly to its field.	1996-01-18	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761906858	Measuring community indicators,a systems approach to drug and alcohol problems	Paul J. Gruenewald		Drug and alcohol abuse monitoring and prevention has been pushed from the national to the local and community level. How do communities go about measuring the effectiveness of their drug and alcohol abuse programs? Aimed at providing communities and researchers with the needed analytic and practical tools for assessing their programs, Measuring Community Indicators begins with a presentation of how to collect community indicator data. The authors argue that while highly aggregated national data perform a number of important research and policy functions, such data are distinct from community indicator data and are of questionable use to local policy-oriented officials. They present a theoretical perspective--developed from community systems theory--as a basis for the practical strategies outlined in the book. They then cover such topics as different community indicators, the role of community surveys in filling the gaps in available "official statistics," and specific techniques for the primary collection of community indicator data (such as geographical mapping, systems of community data acquisition, and community contact maintenance). Researchers and evaluators of substance abuse and substance abuse programs will find this book provides them with the interdisciplinary information necessary to conceptualize and measure community drug and alcohol problems.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761936633	Divided we stand,India in a time of coalitions	Paranjoy Guha Thakurta&Shankar Raghuraman		This topical and absorbing book, written by two eminent journalists, explains why India has entered a new era of coalition politics. It analyses the consequences and implications of this relatively recent phenomenon. India has come a long way from the time since the Congress dominated the country's polity. The authors argue that the multi-party structure of government, or a coalition government, is neither temporary nor an aberration. Coalitions are here to stay, at least in the foreseeable future. The authors dismiss the view that India's polity is essentially bipolar, that is, led by either of the two largest political parties - the Congress or the Bharatiya Janata Party. They do not accede to the contention that other political parties have no option but to align themselves with either the Congress or the Bharatiya Janata Party. Continuing the analysis begun in their earlier work, India in a Time of Coalitions: Divided we Stand (Sage, 2004) both authors skilfully piece together the complex jigsaw of Indian politics. The authors point to the fragmentation of Indian polity with the rise of caste-based and regional parties and the formation of coalitions at the federal as well as provincial levels. This, they say, should not be perceived as a negative feature but as a positive influence on the working of the country's democratic structures. The authors take the view that coalition governments are in fact better equipped to deal with the tensions of India's deeply divided and highly hierarchical society. In comparison, governments dominated by single parties tend to both centralize and homogenize.  Among the issues the book analyzes are " The impact of the April-May 2004 general elections that saw the dramatic decline of the National Democratic Alliance led by the BJP and its replacement by a government formed by the United Progressive Alliance coalition led by the Congress with outside support from four left parties " A gradual revival in the fortunes of the Congress after the party had witnessed its traditional supporters - including the minorities and the disadvantaged groups - deserting it in large numbers  " The sudden rise and fall of the BJP from the time it was almost wiped out in 1984, the party's faction-ridden character and its inability to quickly come to terms with its electoral defeat in 2004 " The growing importance and the changing tactics of the left parties, their internal differences and mainstreaming and their influence on the country's economic policies " The crucial question of whether coalitions can provide stable governments and under what circumstances " The possibility of alternate political formations - led neither by the Congress nor the BJP - coming to power at the centre " The extent to which political coalitions have led to better governance, brought about a greater degree of federalism and reduced the incidence of corruption " The manner in which successive governments have handled the new politics of economic liberalization and globalization together with the crucial issue of growth with equity Challenging many commonly held views regarding India's political processes, this fascinating book will delight anyone interested in Indian politics at the beginning of the 21st century.	2007	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761913351	Delinquent violent youth,theory and interventions	Thomas P. Gullotta&Gerald R. Adams&Raymond Montemayor		This interdisciplinary volume provides a wide-ranging overview of the causes of criminal behaviour in children and adolescents.Following a literary and historical introduction, the contributors to this volume explore the theory and social policy that have shaped society's responses to young people in trouble. They then examine a number of key current issues, including: how families, peers, schools and the community influence delinquent behaviour; the role of substance abuse; the influence of television on violent behaviour; the nature and treatment of violent behaviour in adolescents; youth gangs; and effective community-based approaches for treating juvenile offenders.	1998	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803961685	High stakes performance assessment,perspectives on Kentucky's educational reform	Thomas R. Guskey		The implementation of a 'high stakes', performace-based assessment system has resulted in financial rewards being granted to those schools demonstrating improved results, while sanctions have been imposed on schools whose academic performance is poor. Contributors to this book examine the complex issues associated with this system in the state of Kentucky and offer diverse opinion on the topic.	1994-03-28	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803978225	The politics of world communication,a human rights perspective	Cees J. Hamelink		Communication plays a central part in the increasing global interconnectedness of contemporary societies, nations and economies. In this book Cees J Hamelink examines the political processes and decisions which determine the global communication environment. Mass communication, telecommunication, data traffic, intellectual property and communication technology have all been regulated by agreements within the international community. Examining negotiation processes and their outcomes, the author offers an analysis of the global politics of communication and its implications for specific nations, areas and communities. Underlying the analysis is a fundamental concern with communication as an issue of human rights which rais	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761908104	Afrocentric visions,studies in culture and communication	Janice D. Hamlet		Afrocentricity-the placement of African values and ideals at the center of the discussion surrounding African culture, discourse, and behavior-is an important framework that has emerged over the past decade. In this timely volume, editor Janice D. Hamlet has chosen essays that illuminate various aspects of African American culture, refracted through the lens of Afrocentric thought. In Part I, the basics of Afrocentric ideology and methodology are examined. Part II focuses on Afrocentric approaches to the dynamics of communication. The Afrocentric influence on the black aesthetic is covered in Part III, with an examination of language, literature, oral tradition, movies, and television. Part IV provides a glimpse into the future of Afrocentric visions.	1998-09-22	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803988873	Counselling people on prescribed drugs	Diane Hammersley		`This book is useful and interesting... counsellors will enhance their knowledge and skills in working with people taking prescribed medicine' - Drug and Alcohol Review`Hammersley explores the uses and limitations of drug therapy for patients suffering from depression, anxiety and related disorders... Although many therapists welcome psychopharmacology for their clients, there are still many who feel that drug treatment is a stop-gap measure at best. This book provides an examination of the issue and offers some good advice about helping clients withdraw from drugs and cope with their realities drug-free' - Contemporary PsychologyThis practical guide is for practitioners working with clients taking prescribed drugs. Describing the uses and limitations of psychotropic drugs and their effect on the counselling process, the author shows how clients' underlying and often deep-seated problems cannot really be solved until they are drug-free and have recovered from their drug use.Providing a sound theoretical base and factual information backed up by case examples, Diane Hammersley lays down guidelines for assessment, drug withdrawal and the appropriate counselling approaches to consider while clients are still taking drugs or are withdrawing from drug use. She also explores more complex problems - such as overdosing, psychotic episodes and antisocial behaviour - and suggests when and how to counsel and when to refer on.	1995-04-27	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803952034	Answers to questions most frequently asked about organization development	Philip G. Hanson (Ph.D.)&Philip G. Hanson&Bernard Lubin		This concise overview demystifies the field of organizational development and is arranged in a convenient question and answer format within subject areas. The sequence of topics guides the reader from general statements, basic concepts and values to more specific questions concerning the organization and the manager. A list of suggested reading and training programmes is offered in the last section of the book.	1995-08-03	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761905905	Studying aging and social change,conceptual and methodological issues	Melissa A. Hardy		What if the world population consisted of a single generation that lived forever? Or what if each successive generation came into being all at once and then perished before the next generation came into existence? How would the absence of many different generations sharing pieces of the same time-line alter how we think about the linked processes of aging and social change? In this book, editor Melissa Hardy presents a collection of strategies for conceptualizing and analyzing the connections between intra-vidual and societal change. Studying Aging and Social Change questions the boundaries between self and society and change and stability. The book includes classic treatments on generations and cohorts by Karl Mannheim and Norman Ryder and presents a new theoretical contribution that explores the meaning of aging as a social process. Each of the six new essays develops a central theoretical concept, linking that concept to issues of research design and analysis. By reexamining the assumptions that underlie our approaches to the study of change, this volume provides key insights into how we can understand fundamental social processes such as human development and socialization, the formation of public opinion and political identity, and the shaping of collective action and group behavior. This enlightening volume will be a valuable resource for academics and students in the fields of social work, gerontology, sociology, and family studies.	1997-08-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803959309	Choosing correctional options that work,defining the demand and evaluating the supply	Alan T. Harland		This landmark volume responds to the persistent demands from criminal justice professionals, policy advisers and the general public for `correctional options that work'.   The contributors: define the options; seek to identify the varied concepts and hidden agendas underneath the simple phrase `what works?'; select three key areas in which to review relevant theory and empirical evidence - risk//needs assessment techniques; intervention//sanctioning options; programme implementation approaches; promote a dialogue amongst the key players which will prepare them for proactive decision-making on when and for whom alternatives to prison, particularly in the community, are appropriate rather than force them into panic dec	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803959316	Choosing correctional options that work,defining the demand and evaluating the supply	Alan T. Harland		This landmark volume responds to the persistent demands from criminal justice professionals, policy advisers and the general public for `correctional options that work'. The contributors: define the options; seek to identify the varied concepts and hidden agendas underneath the simple phrase `what works?'; select three key areas in which to review relevant theory and empirical evidence - risk//needs assessment techniques; intervention//sanctioning options; programme implementation approaches; promote a dialogue amongst the key players which will prepare them for proactive decision-making on when and for whom alternatives to prison, particularly in the community, are appropriate rather than force them into panic dec	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761908470	Workforce development networks,community-based organizations and regional alliances	Bennett Harrison&Marcus S. Weiss		This book explores how labour markets are changing - jobs are being created but they pay less and job security is declining, as is the payoff for experience and seniority. The authors discuss training, private-public partnerships, job searching and community development corporations (CDCs) and community-based organizations (CBOs) as social agents. They also take the reader through numerous case studies, using examples from across the United States. They conclude with their recommendations for better design, promotion and evaluation of community-based workforce development networks.	1998-01-21	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803966857	Becoming a Star Teacher,Practical Strategies and Inspiration for K-6 Teachers	Patricia M. Hart&James B. Rowley		Empower your new teachers and give them the tools they need to succeed! The mentoring package audio kit comes with a set of eight 45-minute audiotapes and an 80-page workbook that teachers can use individually or in staff development workshops. They'll learn how to polish their skills using proven strategies on discipline, curriculum development, counseling, evaluation, diversity, and much more. The workbook can also be purchased separately.	1997-09-09	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803961906	New voices in the field,the work lives of first-year assistant principals	Gary N. Hartzell&Richard C. Williams&Kathleen T. Nelson		Go inside the Assistant Principal role through the experiences of ninety practitioners.	1995-04-25	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803982895	Perestroika, Soviet domestic and foreign policies	Tsuyoshi Hasegawa&Alex Pravda		Perestroika is the first to bring together European and Japanese specialists on the USSR to examine the revolutionary changes taking place in Soviet domestic and foreign policy. It focuses on assessing the roots, scope, depth and dynamics of change. The detailed analysis of foreign and domestic policy change is set against an examination of the historical context of perestroika and the headway made towards civil society and political democracy. It will offer the reader with a uniquely rich set of insights on the remarkable changes perestroika has brought to the USSR	1990-04-04	Royal Institute of International Affairs						ZZZ000000
9780761954262	Cognitive science and folk psychology,the right frame of mind	W. F. G. Haselager		Folk psychology, our everyday talk of beliefs, desires, and mental events, has long been compared with the technical language of cognitive science. Does folk psychology provide a correct account of the mental causes of our behavior? Or must our everyday terms ultimately be replaced by a language developed from computational models and neurobiology? Such questions, which penetrate the heart of philosophy and psychology, are addressed in this broad-ranging and accessible book. Cognitive Science and Folk Psychology overviews the key literature in the field including the seminal work of Fodor and Churchland before exploring the classic frame problem to assess the future prospects of cognitive science. The scope of the frame problem touching on debates around connectionism, non-demonstrative reasoning, representationalism, and the language of thought, questions the very possibility of a truly artificial intelligence. Cognitive Science and Fold Psychology offers an invaluable survey of some of the most exciting debates in the field today. It will be essential reading for students and academics in cognitive science, cognitive psychology, artificial intelligence, and philosophy.	1997-08-18	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761953913	Organization-representation,work and organization in popular culture	John Hassard&Ruth Holliday		The representation of organizations and working life in the popular media signifies, but also helps shape, contemporary practice and institutions. Organization-Representation unravels the complex social relationship between organization and its representation, offering new insights into the interaction between the popular images we create and receive, and the power relations that govern society, working life and culture. Representations in Hollywood movies, ethnographic and documentary films, children's literature and the popular and `quality' press replicate the power structures they supposedly describe and consequently help shape contemporary realities. This volume offers rich insights into the relations between cu	1998-06-18	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761901174	Generative fathering,beyond deficit perspectives	Alan J. Hawkins&David Curtis Dollahite		Much of contemporary scholarship on fathers comes from a deficit model, focusing on men's inadequacies as parents. This edited volume assembles a group of prominent scholars who go beyond a deficit model of fatherhood to what the editors call a generative fathering perspective. The generative fathering approach, inspired by the developmental theories of Erik Erikson and building on the pioneering research of John Snary, sees the work fathers do for their children in terms of caring for and contributing to the life of the next generation. The editors describe generative fathering, placing it in contrast to the role-inadequacy perspective of fatherhood. Contributors then elaborate on generative fathering in terms of gender, ethnicity, and historical perspectives and present research that helps us understand generative fathering in challenging life circumstances, such as special-needs children, teenage fathering, and divorce and remarriage. Applications for the generative fathering perspective are presented in terms of family life education, clinical work, and scholarly discourse. The editors conclude the volume with a chapter on ways to teach about generative fathering in college courses. Supported by both qualitative and quantitative research, this book goes beyond the frequent identification of fathers as primarily absent, abusive, deadbeat, deficient, or unnecessary, and helps us to understand fathers as men working to build caring bridges across generations.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803957596	Learning and memory of knowledge and skills,durability and specificity	Alice F. Healy&Lyle Eugene Bourne		Why do people forget some skills faster than others? What kind of training is most effective at getting people to retain new skills over a longer period of time?Cognitive psychologists address these questions in this volume by analyzing the results of experiments which used a wide variety of perceptual, cognitive and motoric training tasks. Studies reported on include: the Stroop effect; mental calculation; vocabulary retention; contextual interference effects; autobiographical memory; target detection; and specificity and transfer in choice reaction time tasks. Each chapter explores the extent to which reinstatement of training procedures during retention and transfer tests accounts for both durability and specificity of	1995	Sage Publicatins						ZZZ000000
9780803982314	The Sexuality of organization	Jeff Hearn		This exciting, critical text explores the pervasiveness of sexuality in organizations, and the interrelations of sexuality and power in the ongoing production and reproduction of organizational life.Clearly and accessibly, the authors show various ways in which the very processes of organization reflect power relations suffused with dominant forms of sexuality. Specific subjects addressed include sexuality and the labour process, sexual harassment, men's sexuality, lesbians in organizations, and the experiences of women managers and secretaries.	1989	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803980594	Global restructuring and territorial development	Jeffrey Henderson&Jeffrey William Henderson&Manuel Castells		The essays in this book provide the elements for a new theory of spatial development to explain the new socio-territorial reality produced by global restructuring in the 1970s and 1980s.  The contributors all account for the contemporary territorial units by focusing on global economic dynamics and the history of particular places. The book looks at restructuring in the automobile and electronics industries; the significance of migrant labour and the informal economy; the consequences of female proletarianization in Southeast Asia; the implications for regional development of the incorporation of Mexico and Malaysia in the world economy; the internationalization of commercial capital and the development of financial centres;	1987	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803980600	Global restructuring and territorial development	Jeffrey William Henderson&Manuel Castells		The essays in this book provide the elements for a new theory of spatial development to explain the new socio-territorial reality produced by global restructuring in the 1970s and 1980s.The contributors all account for the contemporary territorial units by focusing on global economic dynamics and the history of particular places. The book looks at restructuring in the automobile and electronics industries; the significance of migrant labour and the informal economy; the consequences of female proletarianization in Southeast Asia; the implications for regional development of the incorporation of Mexico and Malaysia in the world economy; the internationalization of commercial capital and the development of financial centres;	1987	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803939837	Pediatric and adolescent AIDS,research findings from the social sciences	Scott W. Henggeler&Gary B. Melton&James R. Rodrigue		The response to children with AIDS is often misguided and irrational. Consequently, infected infants and children must suffer not only the deadly effects of the disease, but ostracism, fear, neglect and stretched medical resources as well. Responding to the high demand for information on pediatric and adolescent AIDS, this volume provides a concise, integrated, and up-to-date review of social science research, clinical work, and theory. Initial chapters provide a necessary understanding of the medical and epidemiological aspects of the disease. Subsequent chapters on AIDS knowledge and attitudes, adolescent sexual behavior, and adolescent intravenous drug use illustrate why adolescents may represent the next wave of the epidemic. Treatment and prevention approaches are discussed, and the many complex ethical and legal issues surrounding clinical and research aspects of pediatric and adolescent AIDS are delineated. Finally, research priorities for the early 1990s are suggested. Well written and researched, Pediatric and Adolescent AIDS is the first review of social science research that pertains specifically to pediatric AIDS. Graduate students, researchers, and professionals in the fields of psychiatry, medicine, nursing, social work, education, and law will find this a valuable resource. "The impact of AIDS and HIV on the adolescent and pediatric age groups is effectively presented in this well-written book. Differences in the clinical features of children with AIDS as compared to adults is documented, and attitudes, knowledge, and behavior of this age group are presented. . . .The book provides a wealth of information regarding the disease and a lengthy and valuable reference list. The data presented are alarming, but informative and interesting. A valuable asset to any library, public or personal." --Choice "The book has much to recommend it. The strengths and weaknesses of attitutde and knowledge survey methods among adolescents are well presented. American legal casework regarding the schooling of HIV infected children adds a disturbing and important dimension to the discussion." --Nursing Times "Scott Henggeler, Gary Melton, and James Rodrigue have drawn upon their expetise in behavior problems of adolescence, ethics and law, and prevention to create a thorough review of the multidisciplinary literature on pediatric and adolescent HIV infection which has developed over the past decade. The chapters on adolescent sexual behavior and injecting drug use are particularly well written and insightful. . . . Their book provides a framework for research in these underserved and understudied populations, and highlights the methodological shortcomings of the poorly designed instruments and studies which have characterized early literature. . . . It is unusual to find a book that so adequately addresses the needs of adolescents for HIV and AIDS prevention. . . . Their recommendations for increasing our understanding of adolescent sexuality and injecting drug abuse are of great importance and should not be overlooked." --Journal of Pediatric Psychology "The tone of the book is uniformly sensitive and compassionate. It is written in such a clear way as to make easy reading. . . . For the reader who seeks greater depth of information the text is referenced richly from the current research literature. . . . This book is a fine introduction to the issues of pediatric and adolescent AIDS and should prove a valuable and challenging read for all concerned with child welfare services, student and practitioner alike." --Health and Social Care	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803975842	Constitutive criminology,beyond postmodernism	Stuart Henry&Dragan Milovanovic		Constitutive Criminology offers an affirmative, holistic approach to the study of crime. Taking as its starting point that individuals not only shape the world but are shaped by it, this book argues that the behaviours of those who offend and victimize others cannot be understood in isolation from the society of which they are a part.Instead of setting out to identify factors that cause offending, constitutive criminology examines the co-production of crime by human subjects and by the social and organizational structures that humans develop. The implications are, first, that crime must be deconstructed as a recurrent discursive process and, secondly, that conscious attempts must be made at reconstruction with a view to preventing recurrence. In constrast with the sceptical versions of postmodernism that pervade the social sciences and humanities Stuart Henry and Dragan Milovanovic focus on reconstruction and redirection. Drawing together disparate perspectives,they analyze a number of key themes, including: human nature and behaviour; society and social order; the role of the law; the definitions of crime; crime causation; and justice policy and practice.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803975859	Constitutive criminology,beyond postmodernism	Stuart Henry&Dragan Milovanovic		Constitutive Criminology offers an affirmative, holistic approach to the study of crime. Taking as its starting point that individuals not only shape the world but are shaped by it, this book argues that the behaviours of those who offend and victimize others cannot be understood in isolation from the society of which they are a part.Instead of setting out to identify factors that cause offending, constitutive criminology examines the co-production of crime by human subjects and by the social and organizational structures that humans develop. The implications are, first, that crime must be deconstructed as a recurrent discursive process and, secondly, that conscious attempts must be made at reconstruction with a view to preventing recurrence. In constrast with the sceptical versions of postmodernism that pervade the social sciences and humanities Stuart Henry and Dragan Milovanovic focus on reconstruction and redirection. Drawing together disparate perspectives,they analyze a number of key themes, including: human nature and behaviour; society and social order; the role of the law; the definitions of crime; crime causation; and justice policy and practice.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803961616	Designing your own career,a job-hunting guide for administrators (and would-be administrators)	Jerry John Herman		Drawing on his own experience in the field, the author provides a step-by-step guide for those seeking employment opportunities within educational administration. Incorporating examples of successful curriculum vitaes, application forms and contracts, the book describes strategies which include: preparing references; finding potential positions; applying for the post; and attending the interview. Herman also outlines how to develop and maintain a professional network to facilitate a further career move.	1994-09-26	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803960961	Making change happen,practical planning for school leaders	Jerry John Herman&Janice L. Herman		This is a book about change, leaders and a wide variety of practical planning tools designed to assist educational leaders in their responsibility to develop and maintain successful schools. It is designed to be used as a day-to-day reference book for those who are responsible for the direct change that improves the operations and output of their schools. The aim of this book is to help leaders become more knowledgeable and proactive, thus ensuring that all the changes will move in positive directions towards effective schools.	1994	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803970366	Studying elites using qualitative methods	Rosanna Hertz&Jonathan B. Imber		Few social researchers study elites because elites, by their nature, are very difficult to access. The contributors to this volume provide valuable insights on how researchers can successfully penetrate elite settings. As the authors reflect on their experiences, they provide constructive advice as well as cautionary tales about how they learned to maneuver and become accepted in a world that is often closed to them. This book's coverage includes three broad research domains: business elites, professional elites, and community and political elites. Although the studies focus on qualitative methodology, even researchers who emphasize more quantitative methods will benefit from this volume's thoughtful observations on how researchers gather data, construct interview strategies, write about their subjects, and experience the research process. A wide range of researchers in organizational studies, sociology, political science, and many other fields will find this volume to be an important guide to the many subtle and elusive features of conducting successful research with these groups.	1995-08-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803961227	TQE, technology, and teaching	Eugene R. Hertzke&Warren E. Olson		This practical book shows how new technology, along with the application of TQE, holds promise for creating new ways of educating. The authors provide: guidelines for determining how to match specific systems to specific needs; strategies for overcoming resistance to change; and concrete advice about both the methods that have proved to be successful and the potential pitfalls.	1994-04-08	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761928263	The practice of qualitative research	Sharlene Nagy Hesse-Biber&Patricia Leavy		This textbook presents an engaging introduction to the theory and methods of qualitative research in the social sciences. The authors employ a "holistic" approach to research by tightly linking research questions with the appropriate set of qualitative methods. They cover all the key mainstream qualitative methods, as well as a number of more unconventional ones such as oral history, visual and unobtrusive methods, and present an overview of mixed-methods approaches. As part of their discussion of the ethical issues underpinning all social research, the authors raise important issues concerning the problems and prospects novice researchers confront in researching human subjects.	2006	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761914235	Leading organizations,perspectives for a new era	Gill Robinson Hickman		This volume provides a framework for examining and integrating issues pertaining to organizational leadership and helps prepare the student and professional for leading and participating in these new-era organizations. This volume is divided into eight parts with an overview on leadership and organizational issues for each part.	1998	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803963832	Speak softly & carry your own gym key,a female high school principal's guide to survival	Anna T. Hicks&Anna Hicks McFadden		Women are currently being offered more leadership opportunities in educational administration. Writing from her own experience as a high school principal in the United States, Anna T Hicks explores a range of gender and equity issues. Her experiences and insights, though personal, have universal relevance.	1996-01-23	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803946095	The panel study of income dynamics,a user's guide	Martha S. Hill		Income, employment, family composition, health and retirement - are all topics on which the Panel Study of Income Dynamics (PSID) has annually gathered information from more than 4,800 US households. Hill sets out to make this wealth of data more accessible to researchers by reviewing key analysis issues and identifying key variables for the user. Several detailed analysis examples show how to make use of the PSID to estimate earnings regressions, changes in women's income following divorce and the correlation between parents' income and a child's adult income, as well as to create a longitudinal poverty measure.	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803961371	Women as educational leaders,opening windows, pushing ceilings	Marie Somers Hill&Joyce C. Ragland		The face of educational leadership is now changing significantly as more women and people of diverse ethnic backgrounds are moving into administrative roles traditionally held by white men. Using interviews with women who have achieved success in such positions, Women as Educational Leaders describes the contributions and practice of female school leaders, while indicating the strategies each has employed to overcome various obstacles faced en route. The book also contains useful advice for aspiring female school leaders.	1995	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803955226	City hall goes abroad,the foreign policy of local politics	Heidi H. Hobbs		During the 1980s, United States cities came of age as forces to be reckoned with in US foreign policy. This scholarly, yet readable, analysis carefully explores the roots and influence of municipal activism, surveying particular organizing issues and developing an `active city' profile by examining particular cases.	1994-03-23	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761958772	Patients, power & politics,from patients to citizens	Christine Hogg		`The author presents a plethora of infomation on users as individuals, their communities, research, healthcare markets and health service myths - old and new. It's a cool academic appraisal of where the power lies and how more might be shared with the patient' - Health Service Journal  `Anything that helps us to understand the complexities of healthcare provision and what issues are important to users is therefore helpful. I welcome Christine Hogg's excellent summary of the issues raised by users about healthcare services. It clearly informs readers of the debates that need to take place and of the issues that healthcare practitioners should address in order to better serve their users.... So read the book to gain a better understanding of some of the issues that users feel strongly about' - British Medical Journal  Making an original contribution to debates on health policy, this accessible and engaging book critically examines the future of health care and public health policy from the perspective of users and citizens. Consumerism, partnerships with patients and user involvement are seen as key to future health care and healthy public policies.  The book outlines how individuals as patients, healthy people and research subjects relate to health services and how the public, as citizens, influence health care and public policies at local, national and international levels.	1999-06-22	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803982970	Assessing child and adolescent disorders,a practice manual	Masud Hoghughi		This volume addresses the question of assessment (before, during and after treatment), an all-important ingredient in helping children and adolescents with problems. It incorporates the essence of the author's influential earlier work Assessing Problem Children, while taking full account of the significant changes, both in practice and philosophy, that have occurred in the interim. Hoghughi provides a comprehensive practice manual for those working in all relevant settings: health, education, the criminal justice system and social services. Uniquely, his approach encompasses the full range of child and adolescent problems - physical and educational, home and family, social skills, anti-social and psychological disord	1992	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803977587	Working with sexually abusive adolescents	Masud Hoghughi&Surya R. Bhate&Finlay Graham		This book presents a clear and comprehensive overview of the key factors involved in working with adolescent sex offenders.With an emphasis throughout on practical guidance, leading practitioners address a number of important questions: Who are sexually abusive adolescents and what do they do? What are the current theories of adolescent sexual abusiveness? How can we address issues of risk estimation and management? What are the assumptions behind many aspects of assessment and treatment?	1997-12-22	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803973442	Do campaigns matter?	Thomas M. Holbrook		A thorough examination of the impact of campaign politics on presidential elections in the United States is presented in this book. Using actual election results and empirical evidence, the author also incorporates data on additional factors such as media coverage, the impact of nominating conventions on public opinion, presidential debates, and other events such as staff shake-ups, endorsements and scandals. In so doing, Holbrook develops a model for testing campaigns and proves how campaigns play a key role in shaping public opinion and, ultimately, influencing outcomes.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761914204	Contemporary perspectives on serial murder	Ronald M. Holmes&Stephen T. Holmes		Labeled as the crime of the 1990s, serial murder is predicted to remain the crime of the first decades of the new millennium. This book brings together the perspectives of acknowledged experts in the field along with those of emerging authorities on serial murder. The chapters offer a unique look at these crimes from a variety of viewpoints and experiences. Accessibly written, this compelling volume includes information on minorities and serial killing, as well the manner in which serial killers are traced and tracked.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761961796	Geography, history and concepts,a student's guide	Arild Holt-Jensen		Totally revised and updated, the Third Edition of this bestselling textbook is the definitive introduction to the history, philosophy and methodology of human geography. The book is organized into five sections: an historical overview of the discipline and an explanation of its organization; an examination of geography from Antiquity to the early modern period; an analysis of paradigm shifts and the quantitative revolution; discussions of postivism, empiricism, structuration theory, realism and postmodernism; and finally an introduction to core themes and concepts in current geographical thought including space, place and feminism.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761902409	Government at work,best practices and model programs	Marc Holzer&Kathe Callahan		This book presents persuasive arguments in support of public service and those who  work within it. Clearly, some services should come under government control: public safety, highways, armed and emergency service, water, sewage, parks, schools. Others, however, are operating in answer to problems that society fails to solve. The public sector requires complex problem-solving processes - never simple solutions - and, despite the negative image imprinted on the public consciousness, Government at Work shows how so-called bureaucrats do a difficult job well.   Marc Holzer and Kathe Callahan compile evidence that creativity, productivity and  excellence are not strangers to government programmes. The publ	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803966536	Intensive scheduling,restructuring America's secondary schools through time management	David S. Hottenstein		Intensive scheduling or block scheduling has become a controversial educational reform initiative in the United States. This book centres on the difficult questions that surface about intensive scheduling and addresses important concerns and common successes. Unlike other books that cover this topic from a theoretical standpoint, the book provides a blueprint from a practitioner's perspective.	1998-01-21	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803964860	Creating nongraded K-3 classrooms,teachers' stories and lessons learned	Ric A. Hovda&Diane Wells Kyle&Ellen McIntyre		Many schools in the United States are considering moving from traditional, skill-based instruction to child-centred instruction in nongraded, primary classrooms. This book describes nongraded, primary programmes that illustrate developmentally appropriate practices for teaching young children. Seven critical attributes to these programmes are examined including multiage//multiability grouping, professional teamwork, positive parental involvement and authentic assessment.	1996	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803965409	The road to open and healthy schools,a handbook for change	Wayne K. Hoy&Clemens John Tarter		This fieldbook provides comprehensive information for principals and teachers in elementary and middle schools to administer, score and interpret climate measures as they engage in organizational and professional development.  The authors present instruments to measure the climate of schools, a brief review of the conceptual underpinnings of each tool, scoring procedures, contemporary norms for climate assessment and strategies for change.	1997	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803970915	Longitudinal field research methods,studying processes of organizational change	George P. Huber&Andrew H. Van de Ven		Published in cooperation with the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences and its journal Organization Science How do organizations change, develop, grow, or terminate over time? In this volume, editors George P. Huber and Andrew H. Van de Ven focus on longitudinal field research methods for studying organizational change--methods that are fundamental to understanding the dynamics of organizational life and to developing and testing theories of organizational adaptation, change, innovation, and redesign. The chapters focus on the design and conduct of longitudinal research in the field and deal with methods to analyze and interpret process patterns in longitudinal data. The authors, all renowned organizational researchers, emphasize a wide range of methodological issues involved in longitudinal field research, including ethnographic methods, longitudinal and comparative case studies, event history analysis, and real-time tracking of events. They also address various procedures that can be used to tabulate, code, and interpret both quantitative and qualitative data collected in the field. For any scholar or researcher in organization studies, Longitudinal Field Research Methods is an essential resource.	1995	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781412946872	Tourism and Hospitality Marketing,A Global Perspective	Simon Hudson		This textbook gives in depth and comprehensive coverage of key marketing principles applied to tourism and hospitality. Over 70 global case studies and vignettes colorfully illustrate how these concepts work in practice and demonstrate the diverse range of tourism and hospitality products on offer. Readers are also introduced to contemporary marketing issues such as internet marketing and branded entertainment. Tourism and Hospitality Marketing is accompanied by a website that offers lecturers answers to the discussion questions and exercises in the book, case study questions, a test bank, power point slides, and a list of additional teaching resources.	2008	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761956563	Time-Limited Therapy in a General Practice Setting,How to Help Within Six Sessions	Glyn Hudson-Allez		`[An] excellent book... an important source of learning, bringing clarity and insight into often isolated areas' - Counselling in Medical Settings (CMS) Journal`Glyn Hudson-Allez's book is very well researched and clearly written... time-limited therapy is an effective and professional means of offering practical help and the book is highly recommended reading for all counsellors wishing to work in this way' - Family PracticeAs general practitioners are increasingly capping provision of counselling sessions, time-limited therapy skills are becoming ever-more important to counsellors working alongside GPs. Time-limited therapy provides a specific set of skills which enable counsellors to cope successfully with the large number and wide range of referrals they can receive in primary care settings.This book covers both difficulties commonly presented in primary care, such as anxiety, stress, bereavement and depression, and problems not usually considered appropriate for working within a time-limited framework - such as eating disorders, medical complaints and abuse: the author shows that clients with such problems can also be helped effectively.Integrating counselling skills with psychological knowledge, Glyn Hudson-Allez outlines the psychological and physical aspects of each problem and provides concise guidelines, with illustrative case studies, on how time-limited therapy can be used efficiently in each case. She also discusses the administration and evaluation of a counselling service within primary care.	1998-03-10	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761994497	Electronic communication convergence,policy challenges in Asia	Mark Alan Hukill&Ryota Ono&Chandrasekhar Vallath		This collection of original essay's examines the conceptual and practical challenges to electronic communication convergence policy in Asia by focussing on technology, industry and regulation in eight Asian countries.	2000-07-10	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803951167	Interpersonal communication in older adulthood,interdisciplinary theory and research	Mary Lee Hummert&John M. Wiemann&Jon F. Nussbaum		"This book is particularly relevant now as the baby-boomer generation is aging and a greater proportion of the world's population is growing older. Interpersonal communication is clearly the most critical process for promoting social integration and adaptation of older adults within society. Yet understanding of the complex dynamics of interpersonal communication with the elderly is severely limited and the aged are often stigmatized, stereotyped, and isolated. This book will help clarify the role of communication in effective social integration and adaptation of the aged by providing comprehensive and in-depth analyses of relevant research and theory. The book integrates information on the most important issues and contexts influencing interpersonal communication and aging and the individual chapters are written by an excellent group of authors who have demonstrated expertise on their topics. The book is well organized, clearly written, and comprehensive. The major topics are logically organized and compelling. I highly recommend this book!" --Gary L. Kreps, Northern Illinois University "Aging obviously occurs at many levels, with biological, psychological, and social systems showing multidirectional and interdependent changes. What is less obvious is how these factors affect communication in later life. This volume represents a strong contribution toward solving this problem by bringing together a group of prominent scholars with diverse perspectives on language, communication, and aging." --Elizabeth A. I. Stine, University of New Hampshire "The Hummert, Wiemann, and Nussbaum book brings together a strong theoretical base with the presentation of new data. The chapters go well beyond the typical literature reviews usually found in edited volumes. The contributors provide sophisticated presentations of a variety of socially significant and unique topics, including the communicative impact of physical and cognitive changes sometimes associated with aging, patronization, verbosity, frailty, conversational skills, proper names, and the presentation of self. Some of the chapters are strongly quantitative while others are more interpretive. After building a strong rationale for the volume, the editors go on to put together a series of well-written chapters that provide a much needed emphasis on the social construction of relationships through communication. The book should prompt much new research and advance our understanding of interpersonal communication and the aging process significantly." --Teresa Thompson, University of Dayton "The rich diversity of theoretical and methodological perspectives highlighted within the various chapters is an impressive feature of this edited collection. These essays add conceptual breadth and depth to our understanding of interpersonal communication and the process of aging." --Mary Anne Fitzpatrick, Department of Communication Arts, University of Wisconsin "This book is a valuable addition to the gerontological literature. Written from the perspective of the communication researcher, it brings together existing literature and offers new insights to gerontologists working in many social science disciplines. I recommend Interpersonal Communication in Older Adulthood as a resource to any scholars interested in older adults." --Victor G. Cicirelli, Professor of Developmental and Aging Psychology, Purdue University "This book is very timely. Communication is offering a new wave of aging research, and interpersonal processes in communication are where our experiences and our personal theories of aging are grounded. This book brings together many of the researchers who are breaking new ground in communication and aging. It offers a valuable overview of where we have gone in aging theory communicatively, and where we need to go. Interpersonal Communication in Older Adulthood demonstrates the rich diversity of methods and traditions of communication research that are beginning to illuminate gerontology." --Nikolas Coupland, University of Wales, Cardiff By highlighting the commonalities across a range of disciplines, Interpersonal Communication in Older Adulthood provides a unique and broad-based perspective on communication and aging. This integrative approach brings together the best of the current research and theory from communication, cognitive psychology, psycholinguistics, and medical sociology. The underlying framework of the book centers around three topics--cognition, language, and relationships--exploring the individual areas as well as the ways they intersect. In addition, this volume brings to light the implications of the elderly population's individual differences as they affect communication, and illustrates the positive as well as the negative effects of the aging process on language production, relational satisfaction, and other communication-related variables. This major reference source, Interpersonal Communication in Older Adulthood, is essential reading for anyone concerned with the issues of aging and communication.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803946552	Power and the police chief,an institutional and organizational analysis	Raymond George Hunt&John M. Magenau		This book discusses the role of American police chiefs in contemporary urban settings, using institutional theory as a framework for analysis. From this perspective, the authors review long-term tendencies toward the rationalist modernization of American police agencies. Ongoing 'professionalization', unionization and bureaucratization of police work are major themes in the transformations occurring in the modern role of a police chief. The internal and external conflicts and power struggles of police organization are highlighted and the authors argue that the fundamental definition of police work is the root of this conflict. It is necessary for policing paradigms to move away from rule-based, law-enforcement models towards service alterna	1993-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178292182	The Coaching Manager : Developing Top Talent In Business	Hunt		The ultimate coaching goals as explained in this lucid book are: To promote employee development through learning.To build organizational capacity through sharing learning with others.To build better relationships and more effective communication.To promote employee retention.	2002-09-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761903604	The ethical use of touch in psychotherapy	Mic Hunter&Jim Struve		Is the bias against touch in psychotherapy justified? Is ethical touch an oxymoron? Can the recovery process be complete without healing touch? Mental health professionals are entrusted with the awesome responsibility of providing appropriate treatment for clients in a safe environment that nurtures trust, a necessary ingredient for optimum movement through the therapeutic process. Though treatment approaches vary, most modalities are verbally based and, in theory, exclude physical contact. Fearing that any form of touch would likely lead to sexual feelings or interaction, clinicians tend to shy away from the topic. In this book, however, Mic Hunter and Jim Struve skilfully demonstrate that touch - a most basic human need - is intrinsic to	1998	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761952008	The multivariate social scientist,introductory statistics using generalized linear models	Graeme D. Hutcheson&Graeme Hutcheson&Nick Sofroniou		Starting from simple hypothesis testing and then moving towards model-building, this valuable book takes readers through the basics of multivariate analysis including: which tests to use on which data; how to run analyses in SPSS for Windows and GLIM4; how to interpret results; and how to report and present the reports appropriately.  Using a unified conceptual framework (based around the Generalized Linear Model) the authors explain the commonalities and relationships between methods that include both the analysis of categorical and continuous data.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803974982	Creating collaborative advantage	Chris Huxham		Inter-organizational collaboration is becoming increasingly significant as a means of achieving organizational objectives in turbulent environments. Yet it is not an easy process to implement successfully. Drawing on the work of authors with a high level of relevant experience, this volume provides a thought-provoking and accessible introduction to the theory and practice of 'creating collaborative advantage'.The first part of the book develops a framework of key dimensions for understanding collaboration. Different perspectives highlight the diversity of rationales and contexts involved, and the range of elements which need to be considered and addressed when embarking on collaborative endeavours.The second section focuses in more detail on collaboration in practice. It examines the problems that can occur when different 'stakeholders', who frequently hold different aims, cultures, procedures, professional languages and power resources, work across organizational boundaries. The last section addresses specifically the processes of acting as a facilitator to collaborative groups. It discusses how and why a third party facilitator role can be helpful, and explores the various processes and techniques that can be used.	1996	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761906124	Reconstructing city politics,alternative economic development and urban regimes	David L. Imbroscio		Almost two decades of research in U.S. city politics has produced a compelling empirical account of the nature of urban governance revolving around the alliance of business interests and local public officials. In Reconstructing City Politics, author David L. Imbroscio urges that urban political economy must now move forward beyond the question of "what is?" to a consideration of "what might be?" He systematically poses the possibilities for reconstructing the nature of contemporary city politics, while integrating a wealth of innovative urban analysis. To bring about this reconstruction, Imbroscio explores three comprehensive alternative urban economic development strategies--entrepreneurial mercantilism, community based economic development, and municipal enterprise. He considers whether these three strategies are likely to be effective for bringing about urban economic vitality and whether it is feasible for cities to pursue these efforts in the current political economic context. By addressing these questions, Imbroscio is able to reach conclusions about the possibilities for a successful and sustainable reconstruction of U.S. city politics. This important volume will be vital for professionals and and researchers in urban planning, urban studies, urban and regional economics, as well as urban politics.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761962267	British urban policy,an evaluation of the urban development corporations	Robert Imrie&Huw Thomas		This updated edition of British Urban Policy  provides a comprehensive account of the policies, programmes, and effects of one of the most controversial urban policy programmes ever brought to bear upon British cities. The authors place the policies and practices of the urban development corporations (UDCs) in the wider sociopolitical context of evolving urban policy; present case studies of eight UDCs; and explore the legacies of the UDCs and the evolving framework for urban policy into the millennium.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803954762	Drug control and the courts	James A. Inciardi&Duane C. McBride&James E. Rivers		Illegal drug use in the United States is increasing among criminal offenders at an alarming rate. As communities struggle to cope due to a lack of effective drug control programmes, some urban studies have suggested that the offender population is virtually filled by cocaine users - a drug which has been linked with violent behaviour.Drug Control and the Courts is a welcome contribution to this crucial issue. The authors skillfully examine the history, development and current status of drug control programmes as they have impacted on the criminal justice system. They examine current trends - such as a growing awareness that incarceration alone has proved to be an inadequate solution - which suggest a strong need to	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803954779	Drug control and the courts	James A. Inciardi&Duane C. McBride&James E. Rivers		Offering a unique perspective, Drug Control and the Courts skillfully examines the history, development, and current status of drug control programs and the criminal justice system. This cutting-edge volume identifies notable trends - such as the growing need for HIV and AIDS screening among offenders and the documented success of compulsory and coerced drug treatment programs - that can strongly influence criminal justice procedures for dealing with drug-involved offenders. Authors James A. Inciardi, Duane C. McBride, and James E. Rivers critically examine successful programs and push for expanding the coordinated efforts of the courts and drug abuse treatment services. Featuring the combined expertise of the authors, the analysis in Drug Control and the Courts will be of interest to students in criminology, criminal justice, and sociology as well as researchers, practitioners, academics, and policymakers.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412910798	On the Same Side,133 Stories to Help Resolve Conflict	Francisco Ingouville		This captivating resource is for anyone who is interested in learning more about using negotiation and mediation to settle conflicts positively and effectively. Francisco's engaging and amusing book of memories, anecdotes and examples draws on his own experience to illustrate the vast array of human conflict and solutions. The stories can be used to:  Generate discussion Stimulate thinking in assemblies Enrich mediation training Support win/win positions Help those in conflict find solutions On the Same Side: 133 Stories to Help Resolve Conflict presents many different meanings and complex ideas embedded in insightful, light-hearted and fascinating narratives. This is a book that you'll come back to time after time.	2005-05-19	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780761903819	The African American student's guide to surviving graduate school	Alicia Isaac		What does it take to get into and through graduate school? What special challenges, opportunities, and issues face an African American graduate student? The African American Student's Guide to Surviving Graduate School offers a practical roadmap to help African American students get the most out of their graduate school experience. The book covers a number of issues, including creating a program of study, financial aid, and the dissertation process. Author Alicia Isaac thoroughly covers the entire graduate process, offering case studies, anecdotes, words of wisdom from prominent African Americans, checklists, and self-assessment scales to provide a useful guide for students involved in or considering graduate study.	1998-05-27	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803988699	Christine Delphy	Stevi Jackson		Christine Delphy is a major architect of materialist feminism - a radical feminist perspective which she developed in the context of the French women's movement in the late 1960s and early 1970s. She has always been a controversial figure and continues to make original and challenging contributions to current feminist debates.In this lucid introduction to Delphy's work, Stevi Jackson explains Delphy's views on patriarchal exploitation, class, gender, and the institutionalization of feminism. She also recounts the key events in Delphy's life as a feminist activist, setting her works within their social and political context. In addition to providing a clear synthesis of Delphy's work, the book makes a significant contributi	1996	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803956971	Gender inequality at work	Jerry A. Jacobs		This book addresses many of the dimensions of gender inequality at work, looking at a number of important topics including: pay equity; the impact of feminization on certain professions; and barriers to women's advancement in corporate hierarchies. These empirical studies include original surveys, secondary analyses of large data sets, historical studies, and ethnographic accounts. The importance of personal, family and structural factors in the gendering of the workplace are also considered.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412902151	Psychodynamic Counselling in Action	Michael Jacobs		Instructors: Please click here to request a review copy of this title for adoption consideration.Desk copies are available by calling 1-800-818-7243.`One of the most reliable (and readable) guides to what is involved in counselling that stems from the various psychoanalytic traditions. Jacobs' well-organized and comprehensive summaries of the main theories and his illustrations of psychodynamic counselling drawn from his own work will inspire students and trainees on counselling and therapy courses. They will also interest (and create envy) in more experienced readers' - Professor Andrew Samuels, Centre for Psychoanalytic Studies, University of Essex   Psychodynamic Counselling in Action is widely regarded as the most accessible introduction to the psychodynamic approach, making it ideal for readers who are new to the subject.   In this Third Edition of his bestselling book, Michael Jacobs describes the psychodynamic counselling process from initial meeting right through to the end of the relationship. He sets out the main theory and principles involved in psychodynamic work and - through two case studies - a man and a woman - shows how these can be applied creatively and effectively within the process. In updating the book, he has also extended his discussion of defences and the therapeutic relationship.  Psychodynamic Counselling in Action has been instrumental in training many thousands of counsellors. Now in its Third Edition, it continues to be the essential text for a wide range of courses.	2004-09-23	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781412967099	Teaching the Female Brain,How Girls Learn Math and Science	Abigail Norfleet James		Discover how girls' sensory, physical, cognitive, and emotional characteristics affect performance and how you can tailor instruction to promote girls' learning in math, science, and other areas.	2009-06	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803964518	Finding corporate resources,maximizing school/business partnerships	Gayle Jasso		Practical and user-friendly, this volume offers guidance to schools and school districts regarding 12 kinds of resources (including money) that corporations and local businesses can make available to the community in the United States. The author discusses the pros and cons of acquiring and using each resource, and explains how to forge lasting working relationships with the corporations to foster future contributions.	1996-03-28	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803963870	Special events from A to Z,the complete educator's handbook	Gayle Jasso		A step-by-step guide to planning and implementing a school special event is provided in this book. Gayle Jasso incorporates a comprehensive checklist which can be adapted to fit any type of event including award ceremonies, fundraising events and retirement gatherings. The book addresses areas such as cost management, planning and coordination.	1996-05-30	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803979789	Core sociological dichotomies	Chris Jenks		In this sociology text the contributors provide an introduction to the subject without over-simplifying or `writing-down' to their audience. The book aims to furnish undergraduates with the knowledge that will help them to understand and practice sociology and also to develop a self-perpetuating sociological imagination to enable them to think through new issues and new problems.It consists of a series of specially commissioned chapters around binary or dichotomous themes. Although many sociologists are critical of dichotomous models of sociological theory and research, the device crops up again and again in the history and practice of the subject. Jenks and his colleagues use the dichotomies to situate students in current sociological arguments and topical debates. For example, by examining contradictory pairs of concepts like structure/agency, local/global, continuity/change, students are introduced to alternative explanations for aspects of human conduct over a whole series of issues.	1998-08-24	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761993384	Decentralization and local politics	Shree Nagesh Jha&Prakash Chand Mathur		This volume contains thirteen seminal essays which focus on the dialectic between the policies and institutions of decentralization and local politics in India. Evocative of tensions between matters of local autonomy and the demands of development, the volume urges a concern for an understanding of the complex nature of decentralization, particularly in view of the enormous diversity of Indian society.	1999-04-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178296845	The twilight of the nation state,globalisation, chaos, and war	Prem Shankar Jha		This groundbreaking book offers an in-depth historical perspective on the rise of capitalism, written by one of the leading scholars of the Global South./-//-/Arguing that globalisation is generally poorly understood, Jha offers a new synthesis of political and economic theory that sheds light on the consequences of rapid industrialisation worldwide. Writing from outside the usual Western perspective, the book challenges many of the usual preconceptions about the impact of globalisation.	2006-06-01	Vistaar Publications						ZZZ000000
9780826463807	Personal Development in Counsellor Training	Hazel Johns		Personal development is a core element in counsellor training. This book is an essential guide to personal development and includes discussion about self-knowledge and its implications for different modes of counselling. It provides a clear analysis of techniques for promoting self-development and an examination of the specific gains to trainee counsellors of well-managed personal development work. The theoretical premises are supported with accounts of personal experience.  The invaluable insights contained in this unique book are relevant to counsellors, trainers, supervisors, psychotherapy trainers and trainees, and students of counsellor training courses.	2003-08-23	Sage Publications Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781873942673	Crucial Skills,An Anger Management and Problem Solving Teaching Programme for High School Students	Penny Johnson&Tina Rae		This programme is aimed at students (aged 11 to 16) with challenging and angry behaviours leading to disaffection and disciplinary problems. The handbook includes teacher notes, lesson plans and photocopiable resources.  The 10 lessons and follow up work empower students to:  " reflect on behaviour and consequences " recognise and understand feelings " develop strategies to control angry outbursts " respond to conflict without anger " resolve relationship difficulties.  The programme promotes self-belief in students that they can effect change in their behaviour and achieve a positive outcome to reduce the risk of exclusion.	1999-01	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781873942246	Is it fair?,learning about equal opportunities : key stage 2 & 3	Sarah Johnston		HIGHLY COMMENDED TES/NASEN TEACHING AND LEARNING AWARD   This pack encourages young people to explore the subject of equal opportunities, considering issues such as prejudice, stereotyping, discrimination and racism.  There is a strong story line about a space creature called Gorm who travels around the galaxy and finds that being different can be very difficult.   There are five sections:  " being the same " being different " good and bad things about being the same and different " being treated differently " being treated fairly.  Being different should be celebrated. We hope this pack will help in this process!	2002-01-01	Lucky Duck						ZZZ000000
9780803967649	Let me learn	Christine A. Johnston		Apply the latest research about learning styles, brain science, and multiple intelligences in your classroom to reach every student.	1998-09-11	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803956773	CyberSociety,computer-mediated communication and community	Steve Jones		The culture of computer and network- mediated communication is growing both in size and sophistication. Cyberspace is the new frontier where new worlds, meanings and values are developed. CyberSociety focuses on the construction, maintenance and mediation of community in electronic networks and computer-mediated communication. Leading scholars representing the range of disciplines involved in the study of cyberculture lay out the definitions, boundaries and approaches to the field, as they focus on the social relations that computer-mediated communication engenders.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853960710	Population geography	Huw Roland Jones		The Second Edition of this popular and widely acclaimed undergraduate text has been completely rewritten and extended to incorporate the most modern perspectives. Within population geography, there has been increasing concentration on population dynamics, and this text caters specifically for this exciting emphasis. It concentrates on evolving patterns of fertility, mortality and migration, the spatial and temporal processes that fashion them, and the resultant problems and remedial policies. A major theme is the spatial expression of cause-and-effect links between demographic change and the socioeconomic transformation of societies. A particular strength is the very wide range of case studies drawn from all parts of the developed and less developed world.	1990-06-01	Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780761960218	The new politics of welfare,social justice in a global context	Bill Jordan		This critical and highly topical introduction to the current debates and politics surrounding welfare reform in the United Kingdom and the United States explains the origins and main tenets of the new Blair-Clinton orthodoxy.   Central to the book is an examination of this orthodoxy's appeal to the concept of social justice. Bill Jordan demonstrates how values derived from the family and voluntary associations are in danger of running counter to the more fundamental principles of liberal democracy and the requirements of transnational economic exchange. He links the new politics of welfare to liberal and communitarian theories of citizenship and social justice, and assesses the broader prospects for European social policy in	1998	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761998402	Industrial relations,towards a theory of negotiated connectedness	Jerome Joseph		This book examines industrial relations in a liberalizing, deregulated and global environment through the prism of connectedness. The author reinterprets industrial relations and offers connectedness as an alternative definition to the more conventional understanding of industrial relations. By doing so he makes us realize that connectedness has always been a part of industrial relations though buried and forgotten under the issues of labour market structures, trade unions, labour law and employment trends. This futuristic book calls for radically rethinking industrial relations from a perspective which is independent of any single stakeholder worldview.	2004-02-01	Response Books, a division of Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761932611	E-finance,log in to the future!	Vasant C. Joshi		Information technologies especially the internet have truly changed the way we think and do business.   Financial institutions across the world are discovering the gamut of financial services they can offer over the Internet. Connectivity, speed and convenience are the buzzwords that have pushed e-finance to become a part of our every day lives.   This interesting book traces the detail of penetration of e-finance and its use in business. It shows the potential to improve the quality and scope of financial services and expands the opportunities for trading risks. E-finance can also widen the access to financial services for a much greater set of retail and commercial clients by offering more cost effective services.  It will be of great interest to professionals and students in banking and financial services.	2004-07-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803971066	Interpreting Experience,The Narrative Study of Lives	Ruthellen Josselson&Amia Lieblich		The focus of this book is on the role of narrative analysis in the social sciences and in increasing our understanding of human lives and experiences. Contributors address such questions as: Should in-depth interviews become occasions in which to ask for life stories so as to enhance a study of social phenomena? Can a richer approach to psychological understanding be reached by studying how experience, conscious and unconscious, is organized, interpreted and reshaped throughout the life cycle? How can biographical work be used to shed light on the social construction of individual lives?In addition, the book covers the use of narrative analysis in career biography, in examining turning points in people's lives, in the effe	1995-03-24	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178290751	Bangladeshi Women Workers And Labour Market Decisions : The Power To Choose	Naila Kabeer		In this path-breaking study social economist Naila Kabeer examines the lives of Bangladeshi garment workers to shed light on the question of what constitutes `fair` competition in international trade. In Bangladesh women have entered factories to take their place as a prominent, first-generation, industrial labour force. In Britain, on the other hand, Bangladeshi women are largely concentrated in home-based piecework for the garment industry. This book draws on testimonies from both groups concerning their experiences at work and the impact these have on their lives generally to explain such paradoxes.	2001-10-30	Vistaar Publ.						ZZZ000000
9780803958159	Organizations in America,analyzing their structures and human resource practices	Arne L. Kalleberg&National Organizations Study (Research project)		pt. 1. The National Organizations Study. Organizational properties and practices / Arne L. Kalleberg ... [et al.] -- Design of the National Organizations Study / Joe L. Spaeth and Diane P. O'Rourke -- American organizations and their environments / Peter V. Marsden, Cynthia R. Cook, and David Knoke -- pt. 2. Organizational structures. Bureaucratic structures for coordination and control / Peter V. Marsden, Cynthia R. Cook, and Arne L. Kalleberg -- Formalizing the employment relation / Arne L. Kalleberg ... [et al.] -- Human resource management and organizational performance / Arne L. Kalleberg and James W. Moody -- pt. 3. Organizations' human resource practices. The staffing process / Peter V. Marsden -- Job training in U.S. organizations / David Knoke and Arne L. Kalleberg -- Training, unions, and internal labor markets / David Knoke and Yoshito Ishio -- Organizational differences in earnings ; The structure of organizational earnings inequality / Arne L. Kalleberg and Mark E. Van Buren -- Cui bono? Employee benefit packages / David Knoke -- pt. 4. Organizations and the changing workforce. Contingent employment in organizations / Arne L. Kalleberg and Kathryn Schmidt -- Organizational patterns of gender segregation / Donald Tomaskovic-Devey, Arne L. Kalleberg, and Peter V. Marsden -- Gender differences and organizational commitment / Peter V. Marsden, Arne L. Kalleberg, and Cynthia R. Cook / Conclusions and prospectives / Arne L. Kalleberg ... [et al.]	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788170365716	100 Methods For Total Quality Management	Gopal K Kanji		Written in a straightforward, no-nonsense style, the book is a ready reference to the most frequently used TQM methods. Each method gets a brief outline, some dos and don'ts and an example or two. . . . This book makes for strictly practical reading. - BUSINESS INDIA	1996	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761993315	Making information technology work	Shivraj Kanungo		Making Information Technology Work examines the application of IT in Indian organizations and provides a guide to its effective employment.  Shivraj Kanungo outlines the factors which either inhibit or facilitate the use of IT in India. Case studies illustrate the organizational forces which operate at various managerial levels.  This practical book works towards a model for IT use in Indian organizations, with the emphasis firmly on investing in people.	1999-07-22	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803992931	Asian perspectives on psychology	Henry S. R. Kao&Durganand Sinha		Focusing on what makes psychology in Asia distinct from that in the West, the contributors to Asian Perspectives on Psychology present perspectives and approaches to psychological knowledge as practiced in Asian countries. The original essays cover socialization and development, cognition and emotion, social behavior and personality, and indigenous approaches to health by experts from different countries. The contributors make the case that Asian psychologists, as distinct from their Western colleagues, take into account the spiritual and transcendental, are more practically oriented, and show a greater concern for larger societal and personal issues. This volume demonstrates how Asian psychological traditions can provide fresh perspectives to enrich the field and argues for a greater complementarity between Western and Eastern approaches. For those schooled in Western psychological approaches, Asian Perspectives on Psychology offers a new take on the field of psychology that will stimulate discussion. Students as well as academics and researchers in cross-cultural psychology, multicultural counseling and psychology, cultural anthropology, and research methods will want to consider the information offered in this volume.	1997-01-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761932567	9 Brand Shaastras,Nine Successful Brand Strategies to Build Winning Brands	Jagdeep Kapoor		Continuing from Jagdeep Kapoor's two earlier books, 9 Brand Shaastras is concerned with the strategy and principles of brand-building.   The book discusses branding from the basics, or what the author defines as the 'need' or 'brand category growth' for a brand, through to the 'brand profit growth strategy' which is the final destination. Each stage is analyzed in detail and peppered with examples and real-life marketing situations to give an effective understanding of brands and brand-building.	2004	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761936114	Learning from Children What to Teach Them	Malavika Kapur		This enriching book explores quality education at the grassroots level for disadvantaged children. It evolves and evaluates strategies for the promotion of the overall development of children in the motor, cognitive, language, emotional, social and moral domains. The methods used revolve around children, with a larger purpose of shaping young minds as opposed to solely enhancing academic skills. The essence of the book lies in what adults can learn from children while teaching them.Though the book stems from case studies of schools in rural Karnataka, it has implications for effectively providing quality education to children across the nation. It quantitatively evaluates the process of intervention that consists of 20-25 hours of group work with the school children and qualitatively describes the outcome in terms of promotion of psycho-social development.	2007	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761993452	Rural credit and self-help groups,micro-finance needs and concepts in India	K. G. Karmakar		The various factors which have been instrumental in weakening rural credit agencies are examined in this book. The disappointing performance of the rural credit system has led to the emergence of alternative and innovative efforts known as self-help groups, and examples of these initiatives are examined in this book.	1999-08-21	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761909514	Treatment strategies for abused adolescents,from victim to survivor	Cheryl L. Karp&Traci L. Butler&Sage C. Bergstrom		Therapists can find helping adolescents who have suffered from early physical, sexual and//or emotional trauma to move through trauma resolution to emerge as healthy survivors a frustrating task, because of a scarcity of reference material available for this age group. This volume - together with the accompanying Activity Manual - has been written to fill this gap. The volume provides a practical and accessible package of theory and hands-on activities, specifically designed for use by practitioners in either individual or group settings. The authors highlight their four-phase approach of recovery: building the therapeutic relationship; processing the abuse; repairing the sense of self; and becoming more `future orie	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803970618	Reframing international development,globalism, postmodernity, and difference	Nelson W. Keith		Attempts to theorize contemporary globalization rarely stray beyond variations on old themes of superordination versus subordination. Yet there are many "new definers" of our present global reality - depletion of strategic resources, degradation of our environment, counter-offensives against modernist patterns of thought and action - which suggest that a new framework of global relations is needed. Nelson W. Keith, in his striking new volume, challenges the presumptions upon which western notions of the world have rested and sounds a call to forge a world order more sensitive to all of its representative voices. Reframing International Development will be of great interest to scholars and students interested in globalization issues, irrespective of their disciplines.	1997-09-25	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803970625	Reframing international development,globalism, postmodernity, and difference	Nelson W. Keith		Attempts to theorize contemporary globalization rarely stray beyond variations on old themes of superordination versus subordination. Yet there are many "new definers" of our present global reality - depletion of strategic resources, degradation of our environment, counter-offensives against modernist patterns of thought and action - which suggest that a new framework of global relations is needed. Nelson W. Keith, in his striking new volume, challenges the presumptions upon which western notions of the world have rested and sounds a call to forge a world order more sensitive to all of its representative voices. Reframing International Development will be of great interest to scholars and students interested in globalization issues, irrespective of their disciplines.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803977600	Computer-aided qualitative data analysis,theory, methods and practice	Udo Kelle&Gerald Prein&Katherine Bird		With recent significant advances having been made in computer-aided methods to support qualitative data analysis, a whole new range of methodological questions arises: Will the software employed `take over' the analysis? Can computers be used to improve reliability and validity? Can computers make the research process more transparent and ensure a more systematic analysis?This book examines the central methodological and theoretical issues involved in using computers in qualitative research. International experts in the field discuss various strategies for computer-assisted qualitative analysis, outlining strategies for building theories by employing networks of categories and means of evaluating hypotheses generated from	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853962059	Education and democracy,principles and practices	Albert Victor Kelly		The main premises of this book are that democracy is a moral rather than merely a political system; that it provides a set of moral principles which should be adhered to in all social planning; and that much current social policy worldwide ignores those moral imperatives and thus places democracy itself at risk.	1995	P. Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803930469	On time and method	Janice R. Kelly&Joseph Edward McGrath		On Time and Method is a systematic, detailed treatment of how temporal factors enter research methodology, how they can affect the outcomes and interpretations of those studies, and how attention to them can strengthen research practice. The authors discuss temporal factors inherent in causal inference and the assumptions researchers make about them, temporal factors involved in choosing and constructing research strategies and research designs, and finally temporal factors in measurement and manipulation of variables. Extended examples on how such factors can operate in actual research programmes are provided.	1988	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803942165	The gendered economy,work, careers, and success	Rita Mae Kelly		The Gendered Economy provides a readable and comprehensive approach to understanding the leverage points for removing barriers in the labour market facing women. It provides new material on the gendered nature of the economy, behavioural styles and career strategies. It presents alternative frameworks for balancing the scales of justice so that women have an improved opportunity to gain career success in the labour force.	1991	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803981188	Coping with the economic crisis,alternative responses to economic recession in advanced industrial societies	Hans Keman&Heikki Paloheimo&Paul Whiteley&European Consortium for Political Research		The magnitude, causes and consequences of the current economic crisis, and the responses of governments in different industrial countries are explored in this comparative analysis. The options available to government and the existing constraints of policy-making are examined in the context of crisis management and economic policy formation. The first part of the book focuses on the relationship between the policy process and institutional structures. The second part looks at the implementation and outcomes of policy strategies designed to cope with the crisis.	1987	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803981195	Coping with the economic crisis,alternative responses to economic recession in advanced industrial societies	Hans Keman&Heikki Paloheimo&Paul Whiteley&European Consortium for Political Research		The magnitude, causes and consequences of the current economic crisis, and the responses of governments in different industrial countries are explored in this comparative analysis. The options available to government and the existing constraints of policy-making are examined in the context of crisis management and economic policy formation. The first part of the book focuses on the relationship between the policy process and institutional structures. The second part looks at the implementation and outcomes of policy strategies designed to cope with the crisis.	1987	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803971608	In search of national economic success,balancing competition and cooperation	Lane Kenworthy		Using detailed case studies with statistical analysis In Search of Economic Success assesses comparatively the `market liberal' belief in free markets, limited government and the trade-off between economic efficiency and social justice. Kenworthy argues that the key to economic success lies in combining competition with cooperation. Among advanced industrialized nations, the countries achieving the best economic performance results over the past three decades have been the most committed to combining competition and cooperation. Those faring worst rely predominantly on atomistic, individualistic competition. In the end, the comparative record strongly supports a focus on cooperation-inducing institutions.	1995	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803979628	Local commons and global interdependence,heterogeneity and cooperation in two domains	Robert Owen Keohane&Elinor Ostrom&Harvard University. Center for International Affairs		This volume offers a synthesis of what is known about very large and very small common-pool resources. Individuals using commons at the global or local level may find themselves in a similar situation. At an international level, states cannot appeal to authoritative hierarchies to enforce agreements they make to cooperate with one another. In some small-scale settings, participants may be just as helpless in calling on distant public officials to monitor and enforce their agreements. Scholars have independently discovered self-organizing regimes which rely on implicit or explicit principles, norms, rules and procedures rather than the command and control of a central authority.The contributors discuss the possibilities and	1995-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803945906	The Present and future of prevention,in honor of George W. Albee	George W. Albee&Marc Kessler&Stephen E. Goldston&Justin M. Joffe		This volume reflects the current state of preventive psychology with contributions by those active in stress and mental ill-health prevention research and implementation.The essays report continuing international efforts and discuss the history of prevention and changes in thinking that have occurred over the years. Among the topics explored are the concept of the chronically mentally ill, stressful life event theory, stress in urban school children and the prevention of cardiovascular disease. The volume is designed to honour George Albee, a pioneer in preventive psychology.	1992-05-12	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761933045	Politics of identity,ethnic nationalism and the state in Pakistan	Adeel Khan		`Excellent and compelling' - Partha Chatterjee, University of Columbia  `A provocative, passionate and stimulating new interpretation of ethnic nationalism' - Dipesh Chakrabarty, University of Chicago  `A significant study that informs us of the politics and group interests in one of the most volatile regions of the world' - Stephen Castles, Oxford University  `Very interesting intellectual and political ideas - refreshing' - Gyan Pandey, Johns Hopkins University  `An informed and lucid work that demystifies the politics of nationalism' - Howard Brasted, University of New England  A major challenge Pakistan has been confronted with since it came into existence is the self-assertion of various ethnic groups, which have actively contested the legitimacy of the state structure. However, despite the seriousness of this ethnic challenge, there exists no detailed study of these movements, Politics of Identity fills this vacuum.  Ethnic nationalism, the author argues, is a political issue and is essentially a struggle for power between dominant and non-dominant groups. Highlighting the role the state plays in the lives of individuals, the book:  - studies both the pre-colonial and colonial state system in India and the changes it effected until India's independence and the creation of Pakistan;  - assesses the state in Pakistan and explains its role in giving rise to ethnic discontent;  - studies four ethnic movements - Pukhtun, Baloch, Sindhi and Mohajir - demonstrating how their proximity to or distance from state power have influenced their politics.	2005	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761935919	States of the Indian Economy,Towards a Larger Constituency for Second Generation Economic Reforms	Amir Ullah Khan&Harsh Vivek		The phenomenal rise of India in the global economy has been attributed to a whole host of factors, the major ones being the focus on economic reforms and the demographic dividend that India currently enjoys due to its demographic transition. The large pool of human capital - a young, talented and well-educated workforce - is one of the major drivers of economic growth in the country. Rapid strides in knowledge-based industries, especially information technology, biotechnology and pharmaceuticals; rejuvenation of the manufacturing sector, revolution in the agriculture sector; and, resurgence in exports have made India one of the fastest growing economies in the world. A market-oriented approach to development, opening up of the economy and the growing economies of scale and scope for Indian enterprises, access to 'modern' technology - especially information technology - and growth in entrepreneurship have made India a sought-after destination for foreign investment.  The authors argue that this situation is a result of the implementation of a set of first generation economic reforms, initiated primarily by the Central government but the responsibilities of which are now on the State governments. To carry the second generation of reforms forward in a meaningful manner, action has now has shifted to the states.  With this background, this book primarily examines the following:  - The state of the Indian economy after one and a half decades of liberalisation and its role in the fast changing global economy - The economic performance of various Indian states during this period - Identifies sectors that have done well and those that need substantial improvement in terms of adoption and implementation of reform measures.	2007-11-06	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761955474	Managing complex networks,strategies for the public sector	Walter Julius Michael Kickert&Erik-Hans Klijn&Johannes Franciscus Maria Koppenjan		This innovative volume develops a network management approach to governance and public management, and shows how governments can manage policy networks to enhance policy performance and public service delivery. It is increasingly apparent that neither bureaucracy nor markets provide ultimate solutions for governance in modern societies. Public policy is made and implemented in networks of independent public and private actors. Managing Complex Networks argues that the management of such networks is an important part of a practical approach to public management. Although the concept of policy networks is now well established in the field, most research has contented itself with description and analysis of their contribution to policy failure. This book goes further. It accepts policy networks as a fundamental characteristic of modern societies and illustrates the various strategies for intervention. The book ends with presenting a toolkit for the management of these networks. The scholars contributing to this book have come to the forefront of research in the field of policy networks and their management. What they have to say about this topic is vital reading for academics and advanced level students in management, organization studies, public administration, political science and policy studies, as well as for public service professionals.	1997	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803926325	Ethics and values in applied social research	Allan J. Kimmel		"Useful to anyone concerned about ameliorating social problems. Kimmel's use of actual case studies sensitizes the reader to potential pitfalls (e.g. labeling effects) associated with well-intentioned intrusion into real-world settings. . . . Thought-provoking exercises and recommended reading follow each chapter. An extensive bibliography and a useful subject index are also included." --Religious Studies Review "This trim volume offers an encyclopedic coverage of ethical issues and problems in applied research. . . . Ethics and Values in Applied Social Research is comprehensive in scope. . . . A useful resource manual for those who do applied research or teach about it. . . . Allan J. Kimmel does not resolve many of the dilemmas confronting social science researchers. . . . He does something better: He reminds us of the important questions." --Contemporary Psychology "Allan J. Kimmel provides a . . . complete discussion of ethical problems, dilemmas, and solutions researchers encounter in the conduct of social research. . . . A welcome and needed discussion . . . Interesting and helpful." --Qualitative Studies in Education Allan J. Kimmel provides an excellent detailed overview of the ethical dilemmas faced by those engaged in applied social research. He discusses many important issues from the perspective of the applied researcher, including such topics as informed consent, privacy rights, the role of values, and government and professional standards. The text suggests ways to resolve ethical conflicts and develop research alternatives, and presents case studies and discussion questions. Suitable for advanced undergraduates and graduate students in any methods course, this volume is also a useful summary for the professional researcher dealing with the dilemmas of day-to-day practice.	1988	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781873942123	United Nations Children's Rights,A Curriculum Pack for Key Stage 4	Diane King		This teachers pack is a comprehensive resource to help raise awareness of the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child. It provides activities, workshop details, discussion notes, games and lots of ideas to raise awareness of the UN Convention in general, and of two key articles, 12 and 28, in particular.  The pack focuses on how young people and children can take greater responsibility and can be enabled to develop the skills required to achieve the aims of the Convention. The activities help to explore key issues such as assertiveness, empathy, consideration and power. The pack can be used either for an intensive three-day course, or for regular lessons in PSHE and Citizenship sessions.	1998-01	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780761976387	Writing to standards,teacher's resource of writing activities for preK-6	Kathy Kirk		Help students with a wide range of abilities develop a desire to learn and to express themselves well in writing with this easy-to-use workbook.	2000-11-10	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803986855	Leaving abusive partners,from the scars of survival to the wisdom for change	Catherine Kirkwood		This moving book reshapes our understanding of the nature of woman abuse and makes a major contribution to a key issue for feminist campaigning and theory. The past 25 years of research on 'battered' women has focused on the psychological, sociological and political conditions which contribute to violence, and on women's reasons for staying with violent and abusive partners. The author goes beyond the discourse of 'victims' and 'survivors' to offer new insights into the very specific and multifaceted nature of the abuses women experience - emotional as well as physical.Drawing on firsthand accounts, Kirkwood sheds new light both on the dynamics of abuse which afford abusers control over women and the resources and knowledge women draw upon to re-empower themselves. Examining first the nature of abuse and then the issues confronted by a woman after she has left an abusive relationship, Kirkwood finds that women's experiences of society after leaving abusive partners are highly interrelated. She develops the concept of a 'web' to explain how the different elements of abuse connect to make up the experiences of abused women.	1993-10-11	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803953369	Multicultural counseling with teenage fathers,a practical guide	Mark S. Kiselica		An unplanned pregnancy in adolescence can be a crisis not only for young unmarried mothers, but also for unmarried fathers of the same age group. This landmark volume is the first in-depth, practical guide to counselling teenage fathers.Taking a multicultural perspective, the volume addresses issues that may have a bearing on a young man's adjustment to fatherhood, such as his relationships with his parents, his child, the mother of his child, her parents and his peers.	1995-08-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412967006	The Socially Networked Classroom,Teaching in the New Media Age	William Kist&Kylene Beers		This book demonstrates how pioneering teachers have successfully integrated screen-based literacies into instruction and how you can harness students' social networking skills for learning.	2009-10-21	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178298641	Cases In Operations Management : Building Customer Value Through World-Class Operations	Klassen		Cases in Operations Management is unique in its strong grounding in real-world decisions. The cases are structured into six modules each offering an overview of key concepts. Given that most managers will need to function effectively in an international context, the cases draw from challenges faced by experienced managers in such varied settings as China, France, India, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Trinidad, Vietnam, and others, in addition to the U.S. and Canada. These cases continue to illustrate basic concepts while expanding students` understanding of economic, political and cultural concerns that must be interwoven into such key areas as process design, quality and supply chain management.Features:- strong decision orientation of real-world cases- clear development of the linkages between business processes and customer value- diversity of international case settings- mixture of cases, simulations and in-class exercises	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761905424	Drug treatment systems in an international perspective,drugs, demons, and delinquents	Harald Klingemann&Geoffrey Hunt		In the last 10 years, many countries have seen a rapid expansion in their specific drug treatment services. This book describes the ways in which 20 different countries worldwide have chosen to cope with the spread of illicit drugs and the expansion of services. Contributors from a range of disciplines including sociology, psychology, anthropology, political science, psychoanalysis and criminology present results which provide access to information on drug treatment in these countries, and investigate the cultural and societal context in which drug treatment developed. The book also compares each of the 20 countries on the themes of: women and treatment; financing treatment; and the relationship between alcohol and drug treatment.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761905431	Drug treatment systems in an international perspective,drugs, demons, and delinquents	Harald Klingemann&Geoffrey Hunt		In the last 10 years, many countries have seen a rapid expansion in their specific drug treatment services. This book describes the ways in which 20 different countries worldwide have chosen to cope with the spread of illicit drugs and the expansion of services. Contributors from a range of disciplines including sociology, psychology, anthropology, political science, psychoanalysis and criminology present results which provide access to information on drug treatment in these countries, and investigate the cultural and societal context in which drug treatment developed. The book also compares each of the 20 countries on the themes of: women and treatment; financing treatment; and the relationship between alcohol and drug treatment.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803983335	Management lives,power and identity in work organizations	David Knights&Hugh Willmott		`The authors bring a spark of vitality and life to an area that could be cynically viewed as a series of conflicting fads and fashions....I would recommend anyone in the process of reviewing or designing an entrepreneurship development course to consider the benefits that this book would bring to the teaching process' - Entrepreneurship and Innovation  `Using fiction in the classroom as an approach to stimulating the study of people in organizations is well-established. What this book contributes is a way of exploring some of the existential elements of life in organizations, which are typically difficult to study. It will be on my reading lists. Hopefully, this example, and regrettably few others which exist, will contribute in the long term to the reformulation of how the lived experience of organizational life may be explored in the classroom' - Leadership & Organization Development Journal    Based on courses taught by the authors over many years, this innovative text is a lively and accessible analysis of people at work and the problems they have to confront. The student is introduced to a range of key themes in management such as: power and identity; consumption and bureaucracy; rational choice and meaning all through the medium of characters and situations in contemporary literature.  The clear theoretical framework, supported by footnotes, summaries and further reading guides, makes this an introduction to management the student will find useful as well as enjoyable.	1999	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761962915	The reengineering revolution?,critical studies of corporate change	David Knights&Hugh Willmott		The Reengineering Revolution reviews the significance of the Business Process Reengineering trend for management practice since the early 1990's.  Combining empirical and theoretical perspectives, David Knights and Hugh Willmott show how both term and practice shaped the recent widely adopted policies of `downsizing', restructuring and emphasis on `process' rather than task.  Well-known contributors analyze the impact of Business Process Reengineering in a number of settings: supermarkets and the food chain; the public sector; banks.  The theoretical history of Business Process Reengineering is also detailed in relation to ideas about bureaucracy, hierarchy, transformation and design.	2000-05-02	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761962922	The reengineering revolution?,critical studies of corporate change	David Knights&Hugh Willmott		The Reengineering Revolution reviews the significance of the Business Process Reengineering trend for management practice since the early 1990's.  Combining empirical and theoretical perspectives, David Knights and Hugh Willmott show how both term and practice shaped the recent widely adopted policies of `downsizing', restructuring and emphasis on `process' rather than task.  Well-known contributors analyze the impact of Business Process Reengineering in a number of settings: supermarkets and the food chain; the public sector; banks.  The theoretical history of Business Process Reengineering is also detailed in relation to ideas about bureaucracy, hierarchy, transformation and design.	2000-05-02	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803975422	Employee participation in Europe	Herman Knudsen		A critical assessment of employee participation in Europe is offered in this book. It addresses both the internal dynamics of participatory systems in specific countries, and transnational policies and problems at the level of the European Union. Combining historical, sociological and comparative analysis, the author presents a rounded understanding of the role of participation in contemporary industrial relations.The ways in which participation has been introduced and the variations in its practice are illustrated by detailed examination of the origins and development of participatory institutions in Germany, Britain, Spain and Denmark. This comparative approach clarifies the ways in which specific models of participation	1995	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178299174	Systems Analysis & Design Fundamentals : A Business Process Redesign Approach	Kock		Systems Analysis & Design Fundamentals: A Business Process Redesign Approach uniquely integrates traditional and modern systems analysis with design methods and techniques. By using a business process redesign approach, author Ned Kock enables readers to understand, in a very applied and practical way, how information technologies can be used to significantly improve organizational quality and productivity.Key Features:- Breaks new ground in the teaching of systems analysis and design by going significantly beyond what one would normally find in similar texts in terms of business process redesign, as well as related emerging trends in business- Offers a strong hands-on approach that is better aligned with what happens in the real world of organizations today than most traditional textbooks on the topic - Identifies new and innovative business processes for organizations through several mini-cases and one comprehensive case	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761934691	The Indian media business	Vanita Kohli		The revised edition of this bestselling book presents a comprehensive and detailed perspective on the current state of the Indian media industry. With revised and updated statistics, Vanita Kohli presents a strong and well-researched guidebook to the difficult and confusing terrain of the Indian media business. Combining data with rigorous analysis, this new edition covers several new topics and presents a sound foundation to understanding the fundamental principles and concepts needed to understand media industries and issues in the converging media environment.  New to this edition:  A comprehensive mapping of the Indian media industry Comprehensive and detailed statistics on each industry segment Detailed analysis and insights on new trends New chapters on the nascent domains of telecommunications and the internet  A comprehensive and complete introduction to the media scenario in India for students, scholars, analysts, professionals and media watchers.	2006	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761932628	Crafting peace in Kashmir,through a realist lens	Verghese Koithara		Presenting a completely new perspective on the Kashmir conflict, this book argues that resolving the situation can be brought about through a `peace strategy' rather than a `war strategy'.   Through an analysis of the conflicts in Northern Ireland, Sri Lanka and Palestine, the author draws parallels between the India-Pakistan conflict. He also presents reasons why a durable peace - based on the Line of Control becoming the settled border and the two parts of Jammu and Kashmir being given parallel and substantial autonomy - can be achieved in today's conditions.  The book concludes that peace between India and Pakistan is possible based on political realism and that strategic solutions that safeguard the interests of both countries are available.	2004	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803952638	Women and careers,issues and challenges	Carol Konek&Sally Kitch		A comprehensive discussion of the issues faced by career women - from their viewpoint rather than that of the researchers is offered in this volume.  The book uses both qualitative and quantitative techniques to find out what working women are really thinking about and experiencing, focusing on issues such as: sex discrimination; salary discrimination; child care; dual-career problems; maternity; and substance abuse.  The result is a stimulating book with the positive message that despite many obstacles, women can succeed in the workplace provided getting things done takes precedence over the `poor little me' syndrome.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803918979	Evaluation basics,a practitioners's manual	Jacqueline B. Kosecoff&Arlene Fink		A step-by-step guide through the process of programme evaluation which takes into account all the evaluator's roles -- not just as researcher, but as negotiator, administrator and organizer, writer, and communicator. Kosekoff and Fink offer some of the techniques that have proven useful in their own professional evaluation practice. They show how to appraise a programme's merit, and provide information about its goals, expectations, outcomes, impact and costs.	1982-12	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803967984	How to land the best jobs in school administration,the self-help workbook for practicing and aspiring school administrators	Georgia J. Kosmoski		This self-help book is written for the individual who wants to actively seek a position in school administration. The author provides workbook exercises, activities, and information sections to help the reader chart a course of action tailor- made to acquire the school administration position they seek.	1998-12-15	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788132104469	International Project Management	Kathrin Koster		With project management becoming an increasingly global endeavour, a comprehensive and international student text that reflects this reality is essential.  Koster's International Project Management does just that, systematically linking the key elements of cross-cultural management and the particularities of an international context, with the tools and techniques of project management.	2010-01-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803967229	Counseling tips for elementary school principals	Jeffrey A. Kottler&Elaine K. McEwan		'Any practising or former headteacher will warm to the central contention made by Kottler and McEwan that, although counselling does not form part of the formal job-description of any principal or headteacher, the realities of such a post are that such skills are required in abundance' - School Leadership and ManagementThis book introduces the basic methodology of counselling, consulting and communication skills, and the multiple roles principals must play in today's schools. It describes how to assess systematically the concerns and problems principals encounter with students, staff and parents.	1999	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803967236	Counseling Tips for Elementary School Principals	Jeffrey A. Kottler&Elaine K. McEwan		`Any practising or former headteacher will warm to the central contention made by Kottler and McEwan that, although counselling does not form part of the formal job-description of any principal or headteacher, the realities of such a post are that such skills are required in abundance' - School Leadership and ManagementThis book introduces the basic methodology of counselling, consulting and communication skills, and the multiple roles principals must play in today's schools. It describes how to assess systematically the concerns and problems principals encounter with students, staff and parents.	1998-11-03	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803963382	What's really said in the teacher's lounge,provocative ideas about cultures and classrooms	Jeffrey A. Kottler		Jeffrey A Kottler states that multiculturalism has become so politically correct that authentic feelings and honest opinions are reserved and limited to the teachers' lounge. What is described as sensitivity to diversity is often transformed into a degree of caution in which people no longer say what they really think. In this book, Kottler presents an honest, intimate, and provocative look at issues related to culture, and suggests ways in which teachers can make their classroom more vibrant and culturally responsive.	1997-05-12	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761908609	Power and influence in organizations	Roderick Moreland Kramer&Margaret Ann Neale		This volume is a readily accessible compilation of current, original research in the area of power and influence in organizations. Power and Influence in Organizations offers a rich exploration of emerging trends and new perspectives. Contributors include leading scholars in organizational behavior and theory and major contemporary intellectual pioneers in research on power and influence, including Samuel B. Bacharach, Robert Cialdini, Edward J. Lawler, and Jeffrey Pfeffer. Each contributor provides insight into his or her own research, an overview of general trends, and thoughts about the direction of future research. Topics examined include manipulation of employee perceptions and values; the links between power and accountability; sharing power; the effects of gender on power and influence; illusions of influence; and impression management. Advanced students and scholars in organizational behavior, social influence, power and politics, conflict management, and institutional politics will find Power and Influence in Organizations stimulating and a useful roadmap to present and future research.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803975262	Therapy across culture	Inga-Britt Krause		`This is an important book which has a broader relevance to psychotherapists than its title suggests. In an academically rigorous style... and drawing on her own experience as an anthropologist and systemic (family) therapist, Inga-Britt Krause shows how ethnographic methodology (fieldwork) and its research findings can be drawn on to radically deepen our clinical insight into "difference"... Krause is both challenging and refreshing in her approach. She goes beyond asserting the need for insights to be gleaned from anthropology in cross-cultural clinical work to suggest that psychoanalysis itself could also benefit... Thinking about her book has focused my interest in the cultural dimensions of clinical work, and in the role of kinship, ta	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803975279	Therapy across culture	Inga-Britt Krause		`This is an important book which has a broader relevance to psychotherapists than its title suggests. In an academically rigorous style... and drawing on her own experience as an anthropologist and systemic (family) therapist, Inga-Britt Krause shows how ethnographic methodology (fieldwork) and its research findings can be drawn on to radically deepen our clinical insight into "difference"... Krause is both challenging and refreshing in her approach. She goes beyond asserting the need for insights to be gleaned from anthropology in cross-cultural clinical work to suggest that psychoanalysis itself could also benefit... Thinking about her book has focused my interest in the cultural dimensions of clinical work, and in the role of kinship, taboo and ritual, in the inter and intraprofessional conflicts which permeate our profession' - British Journal of PsychotherapyThis groundbreaking book demonstrates the importance of cross-cultural communication to psychotherapy, psychoanalysis and counselling. It gives an introduction to anthropological issues which are relevant to cross-cultural work, examining practical as well as conceptual aspects of culture. The book provides an overview and gives examples on which clinicians may draw to enhance their understanding of their clients, and which will help anthropologists to understand and interpret the personal circumstances of their informants.Complex theories from ethnography and anthropology are explained and made accessible, while kinship, attachment and emotion, ritual and taboo are explored, illuminating how the cultural content of patterns of interaction and behaviour are expressed in ideas, feelings, attitudes and inclinations. Finally, it is argued that cross-cultural communication must originate in the therapist or anthropologist taking responsibility for becoming aware of his or her own assumptions as a starting point for cross-cultural work.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803970946	North American cities and the global economy,challenges and opportunities	Peter Karl Kresl&Gary Gappert		Throughout North America cities are strategically planning their own economic development activities and establishing relations and linkages with other cities. This book explores how cities are emerging as important actors in the international economy. The contributors address: the politics of international engagement; cities and their relations with the international economy; cross-border interaction and networking in North America; and perspectives on internationalization. The material in the book is drawn from economics, urban studies and international relations.	1995	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803970953	North American cities and the global economy,challenges and opportunities	Peter Karl Kresl&Gary Gappert		Throughout North America cities are strategically planning their own economic development activities and establishing relations and linkages with other cities. This book explores how cities are emerging as important actors in the international economy. The contributors address: the politics of international engagement; cities and their relations with the international economy; cross-border interaction and networking in North America; and perspectives on internationalization. The material in the book is drawn from economics, urban studies and international relations.	1995	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761901112	Introduction to quantitative analysis of linguistic survey data,an atlas by the numbers	William A. Kretzschmar&Edgar Werner Schneider		The chapters in this innovative book introduce the quantitative analysis of linguistic survey data with specific reference to the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States (LAMSAS). Topics covered include: the relation of sociolinguistics to the original conception of LAMSAS; the adaptation of LAMSAS to the needs of computerization and the research methods envisioned; the mechanics involved in computerizing LAMSAS; how to handle and analyze the data in the database management system; the creation of categories for analysis; and the logic of statistical testing.	1996-09-18	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761993988	Public support for food security,the public distribution system in India	T. N. Krishnan		This book reviews India's experience with the Public Distribution System (PDS), set up to ensure availability of foodgrains to the poor at affordable prices. It explores the issues of fixing support and prices, quantities to be procured and distributed, extending the coverage of PDS, ways of targeting beneficiares, the management of fair price shops, and methods for preventing leakages. The contributors make various practical suggestions for reform of the PDS, thus enabling it to meet its welfare objectives.	2000-04-03	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761911135	Schools and the health of children,protecting our future	Jennie J. Kronenfeld		Schools and the Health of Children examines the debate over the provision of school health programmes in USA.  In this timely contribution to an important topic Jennie Jacobs Kronenfeld: defines the key issues in the debate; outlines the history of school health programmes; examines contemporary examples of school health care delivery; theorizes on the likely future of school health care.	2000	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761911142	Schools and the health of children,protecting our future	Jennie J. Kronenfeld		Schools and the Health of Children examines the debate over the provision of school health programmes in USA. In this timely contribution to an important topic Jennie Jacobs Kronenfeld: defines the key issues in the debate; outlines the history of school health programmes; examines contemporary examples of school health care delivery; theorizes on the likely future of school health care.	2000	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803946958	Providing community-based services to the rural elderly	John A. Krout		Drawing on the expertise of researchers and practitioners, this volume presents detailed information on a wide range of community-based services that are needed by and available to elders living in rural areas. The contributors explore how these services can be developed given the realities of rural settings, resources, and populations. They identify the barriers to development and operation, and offer possible solutions. Specific topics include senior centers, referral systems, housing and transportation, employment and retirement, health promotion, and health care. This volume features section overviews as well as an informative, thorough introduction and epilogue that highlight common themes and issues. Most chapters are co-authored by a researcher and a practitioner. Researchers, planners, practitioners, and policy makers interested in gerontology, social work, health services, and nursing will appreciate the research-based information Providing Community-Based Services to the Rural Elderly contains. "Dr. Krout has undertaken a formidable task to cover vast areas relating to services to the rural elderly. It is a subject not adequately covered by current literature and could be used for teaching future and current practitioners and policy planners. . . . Overall the [book] meets an important need. . . . Many of the chapters tie applied research to pragmatic community issues and identify needed policy development. This is a valuable asset for the student, practitioner, and policy planner." --Florence Gray Soltys, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill "John A. Krout describes eleven key services from a rural perspective through the experience of the researcher and the practitioner. By bringing together some twenty-four authors from both sectors, Krout has provided a form for two different but related approaches to understanding rural service delivery. . . . Krout has identified a unique focus with this book by concentrating on community based services for the rural elderly. Because there is such a great need for more information on rural service deliver, Providing Community-Based Services to the Rural Elderly is a welcome addition to the literature." --Journal of Women and Aging	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761934516	Corporate capers,business not as usual	Dinesh Kumar		Corporate Capers is a realistic and insightful look at the corporate world. It is a collection of articles that blend serious issues with humour, aimed to give the reader an insider's perspective of corporate life. In a concise, anecdotal and sometimes sharp narrative, the author discusses a range of work issues such as:  - business ethics; - leadership; - strategy ; - new age management; - miscellaneous corporate 'capers'.  Written in a style that is simple, interesting and witty, the book is an easy and enjoyable read for anyone interested in the internal working of the corporate world. It will be of particular interest to business leaders and managers on the move.	2006	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761993773	Lessons from schools,the history of education in Banaras	Nita Kumar		This book focuses on the educational history of Banaras from 1840 to 1940. It defines the concepts of learning and education and provides a detailed picture of the social history of Banaras. The authors then describe how the various systems of education underwent changes and upheavals.	2000-01-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178290720	Methods for community participation,a complete guide for practitioners	Somesh Kumar		This immensely practical and comprehensive manual covers the concepts, practice and methodology of participatory development, focusing primarily on how to achieve participation. It is rich with insights from the field, particularly from India, China and Nigeria. Among its many unique features are:It provides inclusive methodologies for reaching people. It suggests practical ways of making people s participation a reality. It is designed to suit the needs of those working in diverse development sectors. The author provides space for innovation while encouraging creativity and flexibility. It contains tips on best practices as well as on attitudes and behaviour, while drawing attention to limitations and precautions. It adopts a simple step approach and provides a ready reckoner of 24 methods to suit different development activities and contexts.	2002-05-01	Vistaar Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761933175	Political agenda of education,a study of colonialist and nationalist ideas	Krishna Kumar		In this revised edition, the author sharpens the focus and range of the original, arguing as his main thesis that colonialist and nationalist ideas and practices in education in India are not antagonistic.  The new edition incorporates the complex terrain of gender, enriching the earlier discussion of caste, class and religion. It draws upon biographies and cultural history to highlight the revolutionary context in which girls' education made its reluctant start in the 19th century. In the new section on women's education, the author brings into focus the same set of linkages - between the emerging system of education and its policies, the social structure and ethos - which makes this an innovative study of educational ideas and practices. There are also some important additions to the discussion of caste and identity.	2005	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761993612	China and the Middle East,the quest for influence	P. R. Kumaraswamy		China has evolved a complex Middle East policy in recent years, which is now an integral part of its great power aspirations. This book examines China's relations with key players in the region and also the impact of Middle East policy on interactions with the United States and the United Nations.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761932413	Creative child advocacy,global perspectives	Ved Kumari&Susan L. Brooks		This volume is a collection of original essays written by prominent child advocates, law teachers, social workers, activists and professionals from across the globe. The focus is not simply on describing challenging situations or the un-met needs of children in specific countries, but also to offer examples of positive solutions and successful initiatives on behalf of children and youth. The projects described in the book are drawn from Asia (India, Pakistan and China), Europe (England and Poland), North America (the USA), THE Middle East (Israel) and Africa (Kenya).	2004-07-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761908685	The future of terrorism,violence in the new millennium	Harvey W. Kushner		A very serious and terrifying aspect of our contemporary society is the ever-present threat of terrorist activity. The horrific events that occurred at the World Trade Center and at the federal building in Oklahoma City dispel the notion that the United States is immune to such acts. Understanding this ominous kind of threat is the best way to prepare for it. The Future of Terrorism provides rich insight into the definitions and classifications of terrorism, the impact of international events on terrorism in the United States, trends in domestic terrorism, infiltration by foreign terrorist groups, media and terrorism, reducing the risk, deterrents, trends and projects for the future. Edited by Harvey W. Kushner, this carefully organized and very readable volume contains original contributions by a wide array of noted scholars, researchers, practitioners, media professionals, and advocates. Tailored for advanced undergraduate and graduate students in the social sciences, The Future of Terrorism is also a must read for academics, law enforcement personnel, victimologists, mental health professionals, and concerned readers in the general public.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803979949	The management of counselling and psychotherapy agencies	Colin Lago&Duncan Kitchin		The authors of this book provide clear guidelines on the many aspects of knowledge, skill and management expertise increasingly required by all counselling services. Due consideration and detailed advice is given on a broad range of essential issues, from setting up a counselling service to customer relations and quality control.  Topics examined include: implications of funding; budgeting; staffing; location and furnishing of premises; daily working routines; how to ensure a competent, professional, safe and ethical working practice; and the sheer complexities of being a manager of therapists.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178295954	Empire of knowledge,culture and plurality in the global economy	Vinay Lal		Offering a dissenting perspective on the politics of knowledge, this book is a powerful critique of the intellectual and cultural assumptions that underline the current processes of development, modernization and globalization. The author demonstrates that the world as we know it today is understood largely through categories that are the product of Western knowledge systems. His critique of the existing world order and his vision of possible futures encourage the reader to engage in the study of the West. Rather than merely reversing Orientalism, such a study would create a body of knowledge about the West that would enable people to better understand both themselves and the West. This important and lucidly written book deconstructs the cultural assumptions that have emerged alongside capitalism and offers a devastating critique of the politics of knowledge at the heart of all powerbroking.	2005-10-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761912590	Latchkey kids,unlocking doors for children and their families	Suzanne Lamorey&Bryan E. Robinson		A timely look at the problem of unsupervised children and the risks and dangers that can occur is offered in the Second Edition. Thoroughly updated with new research, the authors put the latchkey phenomenon in perspective and attempt to dispel common misconceptions. They detail a variety of alternative care programs that have been successfully implemented in many communities in the United States, including after-school care, childminders, and after-school hotlines. Further they provide some strategies for businesses, government, schools, and libraries that are indirectly faced with significant care-giving responsibilities.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803972827	African American acculturation,deconstructing race and reviving culture	Hope Landrine&Elizabeth A. Klonoff		Should African Americans be defined as a race or as an ethnic (cultural) group? If the latter, what role does culture play in their lives and how can it be measured?  This groundbreaking book argues that African Americans should be classed as a cultural group, and presents a unique scale for measuring the group's acculturation - the degree of assimilation into the dominant culture. The volume features empirical studies exploring the role of culture and acculturation in African-American behaviour, health and psychology.	1996-03-28	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761952862	European politics,an introduction	Jan-Erik Lane&Svante O. Ersson		This comprehensive textbook is the first to go beyond a West European perspective and provide a clear overview of the whole of European politics. Jan-Erik Lane and Svante Ersson address the similarities of key political features among states in Western, Central, Eastern, Northern and Southern Europe and look forward to political developments at the turn of the century.Traditionally, books have polarized Europe by focusing on points of divergence. European Politics provides a thoroughgoing analysis of several converging themes, including political culture, the nature of the state, party systems, and the formation of government and public policies. With this approach to economic, social and political aspects of politics in Europe this major text presents a Europe that, within the context of reform, transition and integration, has more in common in the early 1990s than ever before.With a clear thematic structure and helpful discussions of data drawn from some 30 countries European Politics offers both an accessible and genuinely comparative text which will be essential reading for student and researcher alike.	1996	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761958611	Politics and society in Western Europe	Jan-Erik Lane&Svante O. Ersson		Politics and Society in Western Europe is a comprehensive introduction for students of West European politics and of comparative politics. This new edition has been extensively revised and updated to meet with the new needs of undergraduate students as they come to terms with a changing social and political landscape in Europe.  This textbook provides a full analysis of the political systems of 18 Western European countries, their political parties, elections, and party systems, as well as the structures of government at local, regional, national and European Union levels.   Throughout the book, key theoretical ideas are accessibly introduced and examined against the very latest empirical data on civil society and the state.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761953661	Public sector reform,rationale, trends and problems	Jan-Erik Lane		Deregulation, privatization, and marketization have become the bywords for the reforms and debates surrounding the public sector. This major book is unique in its comparative analysis of the reform experience across the globe, from Canada, the West, and Eastern Europe to Australia and New Zealand. Leading country experts identify a number of key factors to systematically explain the similarities and differences, map common problems, and together reflect on the future shape of the public sector. Significant themes and topics explored in this lively and accessible book include the often neglected conflict between the drive for efficiency and questions of justice, the new role of local government, the quest for decentralization and the enhancement of competitiveness, and the introduction of public joint stock companies. Public Sector Reform will be essential reading for all students and researchers of public policy, public administration, and comparative government.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761956150	Psychotherapy and science	Robert Langs		`This book issues a challenge to anyone in the field of psychotherapy who is resigned to seeing psychotherapy as solely a service activity or an art or craft. Instead, Langs invites us to see that psychotherapy, clinical technique and practice may have intricate and fundamental conditions to the scientific laws of nature and the universe. This work will also be of value to those psychotherapists who are interested in asking research questions about the process and technique of psychotherapy. It is also a refreshing read in a postmodern era where the pursuit of validity and fundamental laws seems to have gone out of fashion' - New Therapist	1999-12-06	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803972803	Sport in society,equal opportunity or business as usual?	Richard Edward Lapchick		Bridging the gap between scholarship and journalism, Sport in Society takes on major contemporary topics - race, gender and violence - as they play out in the world of sports. The editors bring together well known writers to examine many of the more pressing issues that sports are confronting. The role of the media, the international scene and some real life heroes are also discussed.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761933199	Towards a democratic Nepal,inclusive political institutions for a multicultural society	Mahendra Lawoti		This book analyses the problem of the increasing political exclusion of ethnic, caste and gender groups in democratic Nepal and discusses its consequences for democracy and the stability of the country. While outlining alternative democratic institutions and proposing specific institutions that can include the diverse socio-cultural groups in Nepal, this book:  - analyses the Maoist insurgency, arguing that political exclusion was a major cause for its genesis and growth;    - examines the causes for the lack of democratic consolidation in Nepal;  - provides the first comprehensive critique of the 1990 Constitution, identifying it as an important factor leading to the political exclusion of ethnic groups;  - suggests the setting up of a new Constituent Assembly to address the social and political crisis in Nepal;  - makes important recommendations to shape an inclusive and democratic Nepal which include federalism; a powerful House of Nationalities; a proportional electoral system; affirmative action policies and reservations; declaration of a secular state; a centralized judicial review; and the protection of minority rights in the Constitution.  Overall, the author argues that unless Nepal's ruling elite becoms senstive to the needs of marginalized and excluded groups, the country could witness an escalation in violence.  Highlighting a wide range of issues crucial to strengthening democracy in Nepal, this book is of interest ot students and academics studing Nepal and South Asia.	2005	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803978324	Management in the USA	Peter A. Lawrence		This analysis of key defining aspects of management style, practice and values in the USA, draws on interviews and observations from a range of organizations across America.Peter Lawrence begins by considering some broad contextual characteristics of economy and society in the United States, and their general relationship to American business. He then considers a number of specific themes which he argues are central to understanding management in the United States. These include values of differentiated individualism, free speech and self interest, and proactivity. Lawrence explores ways in which such values are reflected in US managers' motivations and practices, notably in their strong strategic and systems orientations.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803978331	Management in the USA	Peter A. Lawrence		This analysis of key defining aspects of management style, practice and values in the USA, draws on interviews and observations from a range of organizations across America.  Peter Lawrence begins by considering some broad contextual characteristics of economy and society in the United States, and their general relationship to American business. He then considers a number of specific themes which he argues are central to understanding management in the United States. These include values of differentiated individualism, free speech and self interest, and proactivity. Lawrence explores ways in which such values are reflected in US managers' motivations and practices, notably in their strong strategic and systems orientations.	1996-03-08	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761963301	Teaching with confidence,a guide to enhancing teacher self-esteem	Denis Lawrence		`The book is an ideal companion for the newly qualified teacher or for colleagues unfamiliar with social psychological concepts and basic communication theory' - ELAN   Teaching with Confidence shows how to combat the stress and low self-esteem suffered by many teachers. Denis Lawrence focuses on the relationship between stress and self-esteem, and sets out a programme of easy-to-use everyday strategies to reduce stress and enhance self-esteem.  The author, previously Chief Educational Psychologist for Somerset, has worked with teachers in Somerset, Cornwall and Australia. He has extensive experience of running workshops on the topics of self- esteem enhancement, behavioural difficulties, counse	1999	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780761954293	Sociological practice,linking theory and social research	Derek Layder		In this textbook, Derek Layder offers a better understanding of the links between theory and research, and provides an analysis of the relationship between the two. He develops clear usable strategies to encourage theory development in the practical context of social research, and introduces a new approach - adaptive theory - which can be used to generate new theory as well as develop existing theory in conjunction with empirical research. Layder concludes by providing an outline of new rules of sociological method that show how adaptive theory can be put into practice.	1998-10-16	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781853964282	Learners and pedagogy	Jenny Leach&Bob Moon		'This presents a useful model for conceptualizing pedagogy as professional knowledge, well supported by selected readings' - Dr A Loveless, University of Brighton'This book makes a plea for recreating thinking about knowledge, learning and pedagogy in the context of challenges posed by change - both cultural and technological. Bruner emphasizes that in coming to know, our own knowledge needs to be worked on and transformed, assisted by the toolhouse that is culture. This collection stands as a rich resource from which to exercise our thoughts and reflect on our activities as educators' - British Educational Research JournalThis textbook looks at the relationship between views of learning, learners, knowledge and pedagogy. Worldwide, education is being subjected to a succession of policy initiatives and political interventions. Questions of what should be taught, and how, are subjects of constant debate, seldom based on research findings or theoretical principles. The articles in this volume have been chosen to show how theories can provide frameworks for analysing pedagogy and to create a dialogue about new possibilities for advancing practice.Learners and Pedagogy is a Course Reader for The Open University course E836 Learning Curriculum and Assessment.	1999	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780761904786	Sex and sexuality,risk and relationships in the age of AIDS	Dana Lear		Following her study of a group of college students - a community likely to experiment sexually - Dana Lear has written a timely and persuasive book which considers how sexual communication does and does not occur among young adults, how gender and sexual orientation influence the ability to negotiate safer sex, and what barriers to open communication still exist.  Lear presents a number of provocative and telling excerpts from the interviews which were a part of her study. These accounts portray the attitudes toward risk, casual relationships, trust and the negotiation of sexuality that are at issue today. Finally, Lear considers her findings in terms of normative influences as well as possible policy implications.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803966451	Teaching the whole class	Betty Lou Leaver		The author explains how to base teaching on an understanding of learning style differences, and how to attend to the needs of the individual while teaching for the needs of the whole class.	1997	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761972228	Comparing democracies 2,new challenges in the study of elections and voting	Lawrence LeDuc&Richard G. Niemi&Pippa Norris		The first edition of Comparing Democracies was a landmark text, providing students with a thematic introduction to the global study of elections and voting. In this major new edition the world's leading international scholars have again produced an indispensable guide and up-to-date review of the whole field. Each of the chapters (the majority of which are completely new) provide a broad theoretical and comparative understanding of all the key topics associated with the elections including electoral and party systems, voter choice and turnout, campaign communications, and the new politics of direct democracy. This Second Edition will remain essential reading for students and lecturers of elections and voting behaviour, comparative politics, parties, and democracy.	2002	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761972235	Comparing democracies 2,new challenges in the study of elections and voting	Lawrence LeDuc&Richard G. Niemi&Pippa Norris		The first edition of Comparing Democracies was a landmark text, providing students with a thematic introduction to the global study of elections and voting. In this major new edition the world's leading international scholars have again produced an indispensable guide and up-to-date review of the whole field. Each of the chapters (the majority of which are completely new) provide a broad theoretical and comparative understanding of all the key topics associated with the elections including electoral and party systems, voter choice and turnout, campaign communications, and the new politics of direct democracy. This Second Edition will remain essential reading for students and lecturers of elections and voting behaviour, comparative politics, parties, and democracy.	2002	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803957800	The survivor's guide	Sharice A. Lee		Designed for adolescent survivors of sexual abuse who are in group or individual counselling and written in a style appropriate for this age group, this excellent resource provides information on how survivors may have been affected by abuse. The Survivor's Guide will also be valuable to counsellors, psychotherapists and others helping survivors. The author helps readers to stop blaming themselves and to let go of the image that survivors often have of themselves of being in some way 'bad' and therefore deserving of the abuse. Case histories are included throughout to illustrate concepts introduced by the author. Lee also provides a 'language' that enables survivors to better communicate their experiences and feeling	1995-02-02	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761965503	Cultural analysis of texts	Mikko Lehtonen		Drawing upon a range of perspectives from textual and cultural studies, this book synthesizes textual, contextual and audience analysis into an overall picture of meaning making. Using examples ranging from Balzac to blonde jokes, modernist poetry to pop lyrics, the book discusses the factors that contribute to the fomation of meaning: language, media, texts, contexts and readers. In the cultural study of texts - texts, contexts and practices - are equally important, the author argues. Meaning making takes place in the articulation between these different elements. But how can one examine all three areas at the same time? In The Cultural Analysis of Texts, Mikko Lehtonen develops a model to enable just such an approach.	2000-09-05	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761965510	Cultural analysis of texts	Mikko Lehtonen		Drawing upon a range of perspectives from textual and cultural studies, this book synthesizes textual, contextual and audience analysis into an overall picture of meaning making. Using examples ranging from Balzac to blonde jokes, modernist poetry to pop lyrics, the book discusses the factors that contribute to the fomation of meaning: language, media, texts, contexts and readers. In the cultural study of texts - texts, contexts and practices - are equally important, the author argues. Meaning making takes place in the articulation between these different elements. But how can one examine all three areas at the same time? In The Cultural Analysis of Texts, Mikko Lehtonen develops a model to enable just such an approach.	2000-09-05	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803974746	Referral and termination issues for counsellors	Anne Leigh		This book guides trainee and practising counsellors through the practical issues surrounding the referral of clients, a procedure which may be necessary at any time during the counselling process.  Stressing ethical issues and the need to be aware of limits of competency, Anne Leigh provides straightforward guidelines. The sensitive, ethical handling of termination is also an important part of this book, backed up by clear examples and recognition of the emotional consequences of referral or termination for both counsellor and client. She examines the situations most frequently calling for referral, and the ways in which referral may take place responsibly and satisfactorily. The volume covers whether, how, to whom and when	1998-07-29	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803974753	Referral and termination issues for counsellors	Anne Leigh		This book guides trainee and practising counsellors through the practical issues surrounding the referral of clients, a procedure which may be necessary at any time during the counselling process.  Stressing ethical issues and the need to be aware of limits of competency, Anne Leigh provides straightforward guidelines. The sensitive, ethical handling of termination is also an important part of this book, backed up by clear examples and recognition of the emotional consequences of referral or termination for both counsellor and client. She examines the situations most frequently calling for referral, and the ways in which referral may take place responsibly and satisfactorily. The volume covers whether, how, to whom and when	1998-07-29	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803957084	Shaping political attitudes,the impact of interpersonal communication and mass media	Silvo Lenart		Recent research in the area of public opinion has focused most of its attention on the effect of the mass media, television in particular, as an influencing agent. The author argues that media effects are only half of the equation; the mass media cannot be seen as the exclusive source of political information. In a model of `total information flow', the media must share the political information environment with interpersonal communication. This volume bridges the gap between media and interpersonal communication and their combined effect on political attitudes and cognition.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803970687	America's youth in crisis,challenges and options for programs and policies	Richard M. Lerner&National 4-H Council (U.S.)		Many adolescents in the United States are at risk from substance abuse, unsafe sexual practices, academic underachievement, crime and violence. What can be done to tackle these growing problems?  The author of this thought-provoking book suggests the need to focus on young people's development in relation to specific features of the individual's environmental 'context' such as family, neighbourhood and culture. By effecting changes in these contexts, in the form of community programmes, researchers can test for differences in children's behaviour and development.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803970694	America's youth in crisis,challenges and options for programs and policies	Richard M. Lerner&National 4-H Council (U.S.)		Many adolescents in the United States are at risk from substance abuse, unsafe sexual practices, academic underachievement, crime and violence. What can be done to tackle these growing problems?  The author of this thought-provoking book suggests the need to focus on young people's development in relation to specific features of the individual's environmental 'context' such as family, neighbourhood and culture. By effecting changes in these contexts, in the form of community programmes, researchers can test for differences in children's behaviour and development.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761914938	Masculinities at school	Nancy Lesko		Studies of masculinity have been largely absent from educational research. This book presents a collection of current critical scholarship on the creation of masculinities in schools.Contributors examine experiences in North American, Australian and British schools at all levels from preschool to graduation, and from school settings such as computer labs to the football field. The result is a thoughtful analysis of how masculinities are related to competing definitions of masculinity and femininity. The chapters show how masculinities are constructed among teachers, students and administrators, and locates these analyses within broader social, economic and ideological contexts.	2000	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761914945	Masculinities at school	Nancy Lesko		Studies of masculinity have been largely absent from educational research. This book presents a collection of current critical scholarship on the creation of masculinities in schools.Contributors examine experiences in North American, Australian and British schools at all levels from preschool to graduation, and from school settings such as computer labs to the football field. The result is a thoughtful analysis of how masculinities are related to competing definitions of masculinity and femininity. The chapters show how masculinities are constructed among teachers, students and administrators, and locates these analyses within broader social, economic and ideological contexts.	2000	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803954724	The impact of mandated reporting on the therapeutic process,picking up the pieces	Murray Levine&Howard J. Doueck		The introduction of mandated reporting laws of suspected child maltreatment in the United States was intended to solve a problem - it has, however, also created new ones. What began as an effort to ensure that physicians were reporting physical abuse of children has expanded: psychotherapists, counsellors, social workers, psychologists, psychiatrists and other mental health practitioners are now included as mandated reporters. In addition, the scope of child maltreatment has broadened to include physical neglect, emotional maltreatment and sexual abuse.The authors of this book discuss the profound effects - both positive and negative - that these changes have had on child protection services. In particular, they examine th	1995-07-05	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803954731	The impact of mandated reporting on the therapeutic process,picking up the pieces	Murray Levine&Howard J. Doueck		The introduction of mandated reporting laws of suspected child maltreatment in the United States was intended to solve a problem - it has, however, also created new ones. What began as an effort to ensure that physicians were reporting physical abuse of children has expanded: psychotherapists, counsellors, social workers, psychologists, psychiatrists and other mental health practitioners are now included as mandated reporters. In addition, the scope of child maltreatment has broadened to include physical neglect, emotional maltreatment and sexual abuse.The authors of this book discuss the profound effects - both positive and negative - that these changes have had on child protection services. In particular, they examine th	1995-07-05	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761994916	Body language,a guide for professionals	Hedwig Lewis		This is a completely revised edition of a highly successful book designed to serve as a handy comprehensive guide for correct interpretation of body language. Hedwig Lewis explains the `script' of body language in a systematic and graded manner. He highlights the physical and psychological aspects of non-verbal behaviour to enable professionals to become proficient in their interpretation	2000-09-29	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803983823	Dual-earner families,international perspectives	Suzan Lewis&Dafna N. Izraeli&Helen Hootsmans		Addressing a significant gap in the literature to date, this book focuses on dual-earner families in the international context. It brings together contributions from a range of countries and continents to examine the issues and developments for dual-earner families located in different socio-cultural, political and economic systems.In particular the book explores the ways in which dual-earner couples in these different contexts are reconstructing gender and family roles to balance the demands of work and the family.	1992-02-21	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803983830	Dual-earner families,international perspectives	Suzan Lewis&Dafna N. Izraeli&Helen Hootsmans		Addressing a significant gap in the literature to date, this book focuses on dual-earner families in the international context. It brings together contributions from a range of countries and continents to examine the issues and developments for dual-earner families located in different socio-cultural, political and economic systems.In particular the book explores the ways in which dual-earner couples in these different contexts are reconstructing gender and family roles to balance the demands of work and the family.	1992-02-21	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803974685	The work-family challenge,rethinking employment	Suzan Lewis&Jeremy Lewis		In The Work-Family Challenge contributors from the United Kingdom, Europe and the United States explore the possibilities of challenging traditional employment structures to take account of contemporary work and family realities. They take a critical look at the notion of `family-friendly' employment, and explore ways in which the rapidly changing needs of both organizations and the workforce can be met. The volume argues that real progress requires moving the focus from specific policies and practices towards more systemic organizational change. It examines the contexts and opportunities - global, international, national, sociopolitical, legal and economic - for this change. The book concludes that positive solution	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412937344	Qualitative research in education,a user's guide	Marilyn Lichtman		Written in a conversational and engaging style, Qualitative Research in Education: A User's Guide provides those new to the field with a blend of practical and theoretical information. Author Marilyn Lichtman addresses a broad spectrum of recent information about the process of qualitative educational research and brings together in one volume the essential elements of all aspects of the field.	2006-03-23	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761954231	Computer modeling of social processes	Wim B. G. Liebrand&Andrzej Nowak&Rainer Hegselmann		This book introduces and the new computer-based research methods for studying and modeling complex social phenomena. It is the first coherent collection that surveys the impact that computer-based methods have had on the social and behavioural sciences and illustrates the potential for future research. The methods are presented in an accessible manner and do not assume any background in computer science.  The authors introduce each chapter and explain how computers can help to study social processes and each method is described in relation to a substantive issue to show how it can contribute to our understanding of complex problems. The themes covered include computer simulation, neural and social networks and the visualization of complex network data.	1998	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761954248	Computer modeling of social processes	Wim B. G. Liebrand&Andrzej Nowak&Rainer Hegselmann		This book introduces and the new computer-based research methods for studying and modeling complex social phenomena. It is the first coherent collection that surveys the impact that computer-based methods have had on the social and behavioural sciences and illustrates the potential for future research. The methods are presented in an accessible manner and do not assume any background in computer science.  The authors introduce each chapter and explain how computers can help to study social processes and each method is described in relation to a substantive issue to show how it can contribute to our understanding of complex problems. The themes covered include computer simulation, neural and social networks and the visualization of complex network data.	1998	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803951143	Spatial practices,critical explorations in social/spatial theory	Helen Liggett&David C. Perry		This is a collection of essays by leading scholars in political science, geography, urban studies and planning. The contributors take a postmodern, critical approach to representations of the city and space, spatial practices and analysis. Chapters address such issues as the history and strategy of planning, walled cities and modern development, theories of capitalist development and modes of production, and urban planning.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803989122	Understanding management	Stephen Linstead&Robert Grafton Small&Paul Jeffcutt		This book views management as a complex set of social and symbolic processes often characterized by considerable ambiguity and paradox. In particular, it develops the body of work concerned with building experienced-based, grounded description and understanding of the processes of management and managing.The contributors explore: the dynamics, subtleties and complexities of managerial life; its informal as well as formalized features and practices; and the significance of the cultural and symbolic in organizations. There is a concern with meanings and the relationships between managerial talk, thought and action. The contributors also draw on both established social anthropological concepts - such as culture, myth, ritual,	1996-04-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803989139	Understanding management	Stephen Linstead&Robert Grafton Small&Paul Jeffcutt		This book views management as a complex set of social and symbolic processes often characterized by considerable ambiguity and paradox. In particular, it develops the body of work concerned with building experienced-based, grounded description and understanding of the processes of management and managing.The contributors explore: the dynamics, subtleties and complexities of managerial life; its informal as well as formalized features and practices; and the significance of the cultural and symbolic in organizations. There is a concern with meanings and the relationships between managerial talk, thought and action. The contributors also draw on both established social anthropological concepts - such as culture, myth, ritual,	1996-04-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761992523	The legacy of women's uplift in India,contemporary women leaders in the Arya Samaj	J. E. Llewellyn		The Arya Samaj, a Hindu reformist and revivalist movement, was a major force in the efforts to raise the status of Indian women in the late ninteenth and early twentieth centuries. This book traces the changing nature of the Arya Samaj's programmes from the late nineteenth century to the present. The author shows how the Arya Samaj has consistently projected a self-sacrificing `maternalism' as the highest ideal for Indian women, and discusses the contradictory effects of this attitude in today's environment.	1998-06-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412924221	Proposals that work,a guide for planning dissertations and grant proposals	Lawrence F. Locke&Waneen Wyrick Spirduso&Stephen J. Silverman		Previous editions of this bestseller have helped well over 100,000 students and professionals write effective proposals for dissertations and grants. Covering all aspects of the proposal process, from the most basic questions about form and style to the task of seeking funding, the Fifth Edition of Proposals That Work has been completely updated and revised to offer clear advice backed up with excellent examples.	2007-02-13	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803966161	Character education,controversy and consensus	Anne Turnbaugh Lockwood		Based on interviews with six people from research and practice, and all authorities in the field of character education and moral development, this book will be a guide to decision making as schools adopt positions on character education.	1997-08-01	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803962705	Standards,from policy to practice	Anne Turnbaugh Lockwood		The reflections and experiences of educational leaders who have been pioneers in the standards movement at the national and local level in the United States are focused on in this book. The author addresses such questions as: How should standards be set and by whom? Are these standards soley for the college-bound, or are all students held to equally high expectations? What implications do standards for content and performance raise both for schools and teachers?	1998-08-04	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803966222	Standards,from policy to practice	Anne Turnbaugh Lockwood		The reflections and experiences of educational leaders who have been pioneers in the standards movement at the national and local level in the United States are focused on in this book. The author addresses such questions as: How should standards be set and by whom? Are these standards soley for the college-bound, or are all students held to equally high expectations? What implications do standards for content and performance raise both for schools and teachers?	1998-08-04	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803962682	Tracking,conflicts and resolutions	Anne Turnbaugh Lockwood		The controversial issue of ability grouping is addressed in this book. Though one of the major themes of the restructuring debate in education is the heterogeneous grouping of students, teachers argue that to expect students to read at a higher level than that at which they are capable is detrimental. The author poses key questions in this debate, and presents all sides of the issue through interviews with recognized experts in education.	1996-09-18	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803964808	Tracking,conflicts and resolutions	Anne Turnbaugh Lockwood		The controversial issue of ability grouping is addressed in this book. Though one of the major themes of the restructuring debate in education is the heterogeneous grouping of students, teachers argue that to expect students to read at a higher level than that at which they are capable is detrimental. The author poses key questions in this debate, and presents all sides of the issue through interviews with recognized experts in education.	1996-09-19	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803983878	Naval arms control	Sverre Lodgaard		Naval Arms Control examines the context for naval arms control in the ongoing restructuring of East-West relations. Current changes in naval force postures are reviewed and a special analysis is made of military developments in Northern waters. Aims, approaches and procedures of naval arms control are presented and discussed making clear the choice between negotiated arms control and unilateral changes of naval strategy. The book also presents specific proposals making the arguments for and against clear and discussing them in relation to naval forces in general and to nuclear weapons at sea.	1990	International Peace Research Institute						ZZZ000000
9780803966499	How to change a rotten attitude,a manual for building virtue and character in middle and high school students	Michael C. Loehrer		Teachers face many pressures today - not least of which is the disruptive and destructive behaviour of some students. This book was written to help secondary school teachers reach difficult students. The author provides numerous assessments and scoring forms for measuring virtue and he discusses the personal cycles that perpetuate virtue or its lack and shows teachers how they can instill virtue in their students.	1998	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803986411	The State or the market,politics and welfare in contemporary Britain	Martin Loney&Robert Bocock		This collection deals with the central questions which have emerged from the break-up of the postwar political consensus around the welfare state. A series of distinguished contributors, including exponents of alternative positions on welfare from the right, left and centre, examine key issues in the disputes over the relationship between the state and welfare.  Individual chapters both explore the different political and theoretical issues in the debate, and concentrate on their application in key areas of social policy. Particular attention is given to the role of social work, and public policy and the family. The final section of the book examines the political sources of the current crisis of social policy, and th	1991	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803927575	Analyzing decision making,metric conjoint analysis	Jordan J. Louviere		This volume introduces the theory, method, and applications of one type of conjoint analysis technique. These techniques are used to study individual judgement and decision processes. Based upon Information Integration Theory, metric conjoint analysis allows for evaluation of multi-attribute alternatives based on interval level data. The model, which justifies use of metric conjoint methods and the statistical techniques drawn from it, are the core of this monograph. Also described are applications of the model in marketing, psychology, economics, sociology, planning, and other disciplines, all of which relate to forecasting the decision-making behavior of individuals.	1988	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761940838	The media and political process	P. Eric Louw		Instructors: Please click here to request a review copy of this title for adoption consideration.Desk copies are available by calling 1-800-818-7243.Has the mediaization of politics played any role in encouraging a growing cynicism and disillusionment with political processes in Western democracies?  This book examines the increasingly topical subject of the political process and assesses:  - The nature of the relationship between mass media and the political process - The impact of media-ization on existing political frameworks - The implications of media-ized politics  Eric Louw uses a number of case-studies including political, celebrity, war and terrorism to provide a media studies perspective on how media workers (journalists, public affairs officers, spin-doctors) impact upon the political process.  The book also considers the media's role in promoting a range of twentieth century ideologies and emerging dominant discourses.  It will be important reading for students of Media, Politics, Cultural Studies; Journalism and Public Relations.	2005	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761940845	The media and political process	P. Eric Louw		Instructors: Please click here to request a review copy of this title for adoption consideration.Desk copies are available by calling 1-800-818-7243.Has the mediaization of politics played any role in encouraging a growing cynicism and disillusionment with political processes in Western democracies?  This book examines the increasingly topical subject of the political process and assesses:  - The nature of the relationship between mass media and the political process - The impact of media-ization on existing political frameworks - The implications of media-ized politics  Eric Louw uses a number of case-studies including political, celebrity, war and terrorism to provide a media studies perspective on how media workers (journalists, public affairs officers, spin-doctors) impact upon the political process.  The book also considers the media's role in promoting a range of twentieth century ideologies and emerging dominant discourses.  It will be important reading for students of Media, Politics, Cultural Studies; Journalism and Public Relations.	2005	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803980068	The New politics of abortion	Joni Lovenduski&Joyce Outshoorn&European Consortium for Political Research		The New Politics of Abortion compares the reactions of eight Western political systems to demands for abortion legislation. The abortion issue is not easily integrated into party doctrines and consequently has been marginalized except where effective pressure groups have intervened. Examining the experience of Europe and the US in the last two decades, the contributors draw the surprising conclusion that the effect of abortion legislation has in many respects been minimal. The availability of abortion is ultimately dependent less on the law than on the existence of good medical facilities.	1986	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803980075	The New politics of abortion	Joni Lovenduski&Joyce Outshoorn&European Consortium for Political Research		The New Politics of Abortion compares the reactions of eight Western political systems to demands for abortion legislation. The abortion issue is not easily integrated into party doctrines and consequently has been marginalized except where effective pressure groups have intervened. Examining the experience of Europe and the US in the last two decades, the contributors draw the surprising conclusion that the effect of abortion legislation has in many respects been minimal. The availability of abortion is ultimately dependent less on the law than on the existence of good medical facilities.	1986	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178292113	The Joyful Organization : Understanding Organizational Health, Diseases And Joy	Lovey		This delightful book maintains that a truly strong organization is one whose employees experience joy in performing their tasks which inspire them to give their utmost to realize organizational goals. Based on over sixty years of combined experience in organizational development gained in five continents, the authors have developed a holistic framework of organizational health and diseases to better understand a flourishing organization in today s world. They present an entirely new analysis of organizations in order to bring them to the stage of being joyful and thus effective in realizing the organizational vision as well as for individuals to live a fuller, more satisfying life.	2003-04-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761992257	Freedom, trauma, continuities,Northern India and independence	Donald Anthony Low&Howard Brasted		An AltaMira Press Book While the momentous acheivement of Indian independence and the simultaneous partitioning of the subcontinent in 1947 have primarily been studied from political perspectives, this path-breaking volume explores neglected aspects of these tremendous upheavals. Freedom, Trauma, Communities concentrates on popular perceptions and subjective, psycholocial experiences that offer new perspectives on those critical events in Indian society. The first three contributors consider various aspects of the appalling massacres which accompanied Partition and Independence. The next three essays discuss the ensuing mass migrations; efforts to resettle the refugees in the Punjab, Bengal, and Sind; and lingering memories of homes abandoned. The subsequent essay considers the integration of the Princely States into the Indian Union. Final contributions document the many continuities which, paradoxically, accompanied such great upheaval.	1998	AltaMira Press						ZZZ000000
9780761992264	Freedom, trauma, continuities,Northern India and independence	Donald Anthony Low&Howard Brasted		An AltaMira Press Book While the momentous acheivement of Indian independence and the simultaneous partitioning of the subcontinent in 1947 have primarily been studied from political perspectives, this path-breaking volume explores neglected aspects of these tremendous upheavals. Freedom, Trauma, Communities concentrates on popular perceptions and subjective, psycholocial experiences that offer new perspectives on those critical events in Indian society. The first three contributors consider various aspects of the appalling massacres which accompanied Partition and Independence. The next three essays discuss the ensuing mass migrations; efforts to resettle the refugees in the Punjab, Bengal, and Sind; and lingering memories of homes abandoned. The subsequent essay considers the integration of the Princely States into the Indian Union. Final contributions document the many continuities which, paradoxically, accompanied such great upheaval.	1998	AltaMira Press						ZZZ000000
9780803938618	Social theory and modernity,critique, dissent, and revolution	Timothy W. Luke		Social Theory and Modernity combines the analytical techniques of political theory and comparative politics as a method for conducting innovative inquiry and research in political science. The focus of political theory, for example, results in new issues for historical and cross-national comparative analysis--whereas comparative analysis provides new parameters for analyzing the ideology of social institutions. In presenting this method, Luke elaborates upon Rousseau's discursive style and critical methods, Marx's historical materialism, Gramsci's theoretical tactics, Marcuse's instrumental rationality, Cabral's theories of critique and revolution, Weber's interpretive method, and Foucault's system of political and social analysis. It concludes by offering an incisive analysis of the moral and ideological influence of behavior and the link between ideology and political economy, especially in modern society. Social Theory and Modernity is essential reading for professionals and students in the fields of political theory, history, comparative politics, sociology, anthropology, social philosophy, and cultural studies. "Luke's book is a tour de force. He writes critical theory in the best sense, applying the ideas of the Frankfurt School, Gramsci, and postmodernism to real social and political issues today. Social Theory and Modernity avoids arid exegesis in favor of engaged and lucid analysis of the global problematics of late capitalism. Not content simply to rehearse the masters of critical theory, Luke refreshes and extends their ideas by developing his own important theoretical voice. Luke is witty and pulls no punches. This accessible book will appeal to readers in a wide range of social-science disciplines, notably including political science and sociology. This book reinforces Luke's reputation as one of the two or three leading critical theorists working today." --Ben Agger, SUNY, University at Buffalo "This collection of essays provides a rich reading for it collates a lot of innovative ideas in the present day Marxist theory." --Financial Express	1990	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412907477	East, west, north, south,major developments in international relations since 1945	Geir Lundestad		'International relations textbooks share a similar risk of always speaking in the same voice. Not because of multi-handling, but instead thanks to a frequently impenetrable, introverted discourse about theory. This makes Geir Lundestad's book so welcome. He pays due homage to the important contribution of theory in the development of International Relations as a discipline, while escaping the standard focus on realism, liberalism and constructivism. Instead, he uses various branches of explanatory theory to provide an invaluable survey of world history after 1945'-Australian Journal of Political Science Fully revised and updated, the Fifth Edition of Geir Lundestad's successful textbook on the history of international politics since 1945 will serve as an ideal introduction for all students seeking an accessible guide to world events in the post-war era up to the present day.This new edition covers all the major international developments up to 2004, including a full assessment of 9/11, the 'war on terror' and the conflict in Iraq.Long established as one of the leading and enduringly popular texts on international history, East, West, North, South remains an essential companion for all students of international relations, world politics and international history.	2005-01-26	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781412907484	East, west, north, south,major developments in international relations since 1945	Geir Lundestad		'International relations textbooks share a similar risk of always speaking in the same voice. Not because of multi-handling, but instead thanks to a frequently impenetrable, introverted discourseabout theory. This makes Geir Lundestad's book so welcome. He pays due homage to the important contribution of theory in the development of International Relations as a discipline, while escaping the standard focus on realism, liberalism and constructivism. Instead, he uses various branches of explanatory theory to provide an invaluable survey of world history after 1945'-Australian Journal of Political ScienceFully revised and updated, the Fifth Edition of Geir Lundestad's successful textbook on the history of international politics since 1945 will serve as an ideal introduction for all students seeking an accessible guide to world events in the post-war era up to the present day.This new edition covers all the major international developments up to 2004, including a full assessment of 9/11, the 'war on terror' and the conflict in Iraq.Long established as one of the leading and enduringly popular texts on international history, East, West, North, South remains an essential companion for all students of international relations, world politics and international history.	2005	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803966055	High expectations,an action plan for implementing Goals 2000	Frederick C. Lunenburg&Beverly J. Irby		This book offers a blueprint for helping schools and students achieve higher  standards. It provides school leaders with strategies for beginning or revisiting their  reform efforts. References are provided at the end of each chapter to enable  educators to follow up with additional reading of topics of special interest to their  restructuring efforts.	1999	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761953401	Constructing fatherhood,discourses and experiences	Deborah Lupton&Lesley Barclay		`It is a very impressive book. Its coverage of contemporary discourses of fatherhood is comprehensive. The theoretical stance is one that allows for complexity and fluidity. The authors write well, making even esoteric sociological and cultural theory accessible. I recommend it' - British Journal of Social Work Constructing Fatherhood provides an analysis of the social, cultural and symbolic meanings of fatherhood in contemporary western societies. The authors draw on poststructuralist theory to analyze the representation of fatherhood in the `expert' literature of psychology, sociology and the health sciences, and in popular sources such as television, film, advertisements and child-care and parenting manuals	1997-09-29	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761956013	The emotional self,a sociocultural exploration	Deborah Lupton		`This addition to a growing number of texts which approach emotions and emotionality from a social constructionist perspective is well written, scholarly, accessible and interesting....  There is both breadth and depth to this work.' - Feminism and Psychology  This broad-ranging and accessible book brings together social and cultural theory with original empirical research into the nature of the emotional self in contemporary western societies.   The emphasis of the analysis is on the emotional self as a dynamic project that is continually shaped and reshaped via discourse, embodied sensations, memory, personal biography and interactions with others and objects. Using an interdisciplinary approach, Deborah Lupton draws on a number of sociocultural approaches that adopt a post-structuralist perspective. She strongly emphasizes language and discourse as they construct and express concepts of the self and the emotions, whilst also acknowledging the sensual, embodied and unconscious dimensions of emotional experience.	1998-06-18	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803979352	The imperative of health,public health and the regulated body	Deborah Lupton		"Overall, this is a fine scholarly work that brings together some very interesting and thought-provoking analyses. The book's strengths, namely its scholarly approach and critical thinking, well serve its audience of academics and students." --Doody's Health Sciences Book Review Journal "Deborah Lupton's complex treatise seeks to demonstrate that public health viewpoints and practices are value laden, political and socially subjective, and change over time and location. [This volume] is a good history of public health developments, primarily in Australia and England, and is a continuation of debate among health education professionals over the status of any and all health education 'truths.'. . . Lupton succeeds in her stated goal to 'problematize the taken-for-granted nature of health promotion discourses.'" --Choice In a scintillating reappraisal of public health and health promotion in contemporary societies, author Deborah Lupton shows that health cannot be understood simply as the presence or absence of disease but represents a moral imperative that is embedded in social and cultural norms and expressed in public policies. The Imperative of Health explores the areas of public health and health promotion using contemporary sociocultural and political theory and builds on Foucault's writings on subjectivity, embodiment, and power relations. Lupton analyzes the implications of the new social theories for the study of health promotion and health communication, combining sociological, anthropological, historical, and cultural studies approaches to analyze the subjective nature of public health practices, and exploring their underlying meanings and assumptions. Academics in public health, mass communication, medical sociology, and cultural studies will find this exploration concise, readable, and enlightening.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803966574	Transforming learning with block scheduling,a guide for principals	Blair Lybbert		This practical book describes setting up block scheduling for middle and high schools in the United States. The author provides a planning guide that discusses probable barriers and sources of resistance, as well as strategies - which can be implemented in any school - for overcoming problems.	1998-08-24	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803970465	Treating children and adolescents in residential and inpatient settings	Robert D. Lyman&Nancy R. Campbell		Each year more than 50,000 children and adolescents receive mental health treatment in residential and inpatient settings such as hospitals, group homes, and residential treatment centers. How is a decision made to disrupt a child's or teen's environment and place him or her in a program? What factors should be considered? What kinds of treatment are offered in these settings? How cost-effective and productive are these programs? Suggesting guidelines for how and when to use these special services, Treating Children and Adolescents in Residential and Inpatient Settings provides a useful assessment of current therapeutic models and inpatient/residential treatment options. The authors review the findings of published program evaluations and discuss effective alternatives to residential placement, such as part-time day and community-based treatment. The book also includes a list of relevant resources that both professionals and parents will find helpful, including information on locating professional and advocacy organizations, publications, and assessment materials. Referring a child or teen to an intensive residential or inpatient treatment program is a major decision that affects the whole family. Treating Children and Adolescents in Residential and Inpatient Settings will help both professionals and parents make better informed decisions about institutionalizing children and adolescents. Likewise, students, researchers, and scholars in clinical/counseling psychology, developmental psychology, nursing, behavioral psychology, and social work will find interesting and pertinent information in this volume.	1996-10-21	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803970472	Treating children and adolescents in residential and inpatient settings	Robert D. Lyman&Nancy R. Campbell		This book overviews current therapeutic models and the environments of inpatient treatment for children and adolescents with mental health needs. The authors provide guidelines for practitioners so that they can make a well-informed choice for the child and the family on how and when to use such services as hospitals, group homes and residential treatment centres.The authors discuss: factors to be considered before removing children from their home and school settings; types of treatment offered; the effectiveness of residential programmes; and alternatives to residential placements, such as part-time day and community-based treatment.	1996-10-21	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761951162	Experiencing human resource management	Christopher Mabey&Denise Skinner&Timothy Clark		By examining human resource management (HRM) techniques and processes from the `receiving end', Experiencing Human Resource Management provides a rich and valuable view of HRM initiatives and strategies. If HRM is to contribute to the objectives of the organization, it is imperative to understand how HRM techniques are being applied and experienced. The current HRM literature is dominated by a managerial focus and perspective, however this book tells the experiences of employees in more than 20 organizations across a number of sectors and countries. It sets out to answer three questions: A decade or so from its arrival, is HRM delivering its promises? Of the many documented changes in workplace policies and practices	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853962264	Mabey,Managing Change (Paper)	Dr Christopher Mabey&Bill Mayon-White&MR William M Mayon-White		Managing Change explores the processes, pathways and outcomes of change and strategies for managing it. The authors answer a number of provocative questions regarding change within organizations where the goal posts constantly shift, the cultural and subcultural mix grows ever more divergent, and people remain as inflexible as ever. This book is a course Reader for The Open University Courses "Managing Development and Change" (B751) and "Foundations of Senior Management "(B800).	1993	Sage Publications (CA)						BUS062000
9781853962677	Planning matters,the impact of development planning in primary schools	Barbara MacGilchrist&Peter Mortimore		`Informative reading for those governers who may wish to gain insight into this area of school planning' - Teacher Development  Development plans have become a feature of almost every school in the UK and most policy-makers and practitioners assume that by having such a plan a school will become more effective.   But do they really make a difference? What impact does a development plan have on the management and organisation of the school, on the professional development of teachers and, most importantly, on pupils' learning in the classroom? Can the development planning process be used as a school improvement strategy or would schools be better investing their time and energy in other ways?	1995-09-28	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803966017	Creating better schools,what authentic principals do	Louise Layne MacKay&Elizabeth W. Ralston		"Engaging approach. Paints theories of leadership with life-like colors on real school situations." Ivan D. Muse, Professor, Educational Leadership, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah Six "authentic" attributes enable you to build on existing strengths and accomplish the great things you envision. This novel approach uses a dialogue between a fictitious student and a school leader, along with self-directed exercises. Develop your skills and become an "authentic principal."	1999	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761901747	Introduction to linguistic philosophy	I. E. Mackenzie		Providing an account of major philosophical issues, this essential textbook bridges the gap between linguistics and the philosophy of language.Introduction to Linguistic Philosophy presents the theories of leading linguistic analysts such as Wittgenstein, Frege, Russell, Carnap and Quine. Ian Mackenzie's exploration into these theories prepares readers for advanced work on most topics in semantics and the study of language. His approach to the philosophy of language stresses the importance of observing how language is used rather than assuming that it conforms to a pre-existing logical structure. In addition to dealing with foundational issues, such as truth, meaning and the nature of language, this book explores specific linguistic phenomena - descriptions, names, non-extensional contexts and quantification - which have attracted considerable philosophical attention.The structure of the book reflects the fact that the philosophical study of language is not systematic, but centers on aspects of language which are considered to be of fundamental conceptual significance. As such, it need not be read in any specific order. Material presented that presupposes an understanding of another concept is cross-referenced.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761901754	Introduction to linguistic philosophy	I. E. Mackenzie		Providing an account of major philosophical issues, this essential textbook bridges the gap between linguistics and the philosophy of language.Introduction to Linguistic Philosophy presents the theories of leading linguistic analysts such as Wittgenstein, Frege, Russell, Carnap and Quine. Ian Mackenzie's exploration into these theories prepares readers for advanced work on most topics in semantics and the study of language. His approach to the philosophy of language stresses the importance of observing how language is used rather than assuming that it conforms to a pre-existing logical structure. In addition to dealing with foundational issues, such as truth, meaning and the nature of language, this book explores specific linguistic phenomena - descriptions, names, non-extensional contexts and quantification - which have attracted considerable philosophical attention.The structure of the book reflects the fact that the philosophical study of language is not systematic, but centers on aspects of language which are considered to be of fundamental conceptual significance. As such, it need not be read in any specific order. Material presented that presupposes an understanding of another concept is cross-referenced.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803978607	Developing Gestalt counselling,a field theoretical and relational model of contemporary Gestalt counselling and psychotherapy	Jennifer Mackewn		`In this eminently sensible, practical and thought-provoking book, Jennifer Mackewn takes gestalt light years forwards towards a synthesis and integration of psychological styles and away from what she describes as "Perlism". I agree with her: this is a book for therapists, not principally for gestaltists... In inviting the reader to "pick and choose" from the many and varied, always practical, hands-on approach chapters... Jennifer Mackewn hopes we will both enjoy her book and find it of use. This reader, commending the book to you all, has no doubt that both her hopes will be fulfilled' - Self & Society  Describing contemporary integrative Gestalt counselling and psychotherapy, this book addresses 30 key issu	1997-11-24	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761950622	Learning and writing in counselling	Mhairi MacMillan&Dot Clark		'This is a very practical "how to" book, written for students on counselling skills courses. It is intended to help them through the various problems faced by people returning to education, perhaps after a long gap.... how useful this book could be to students who [are] confused by the increasingly academic requirements of counselling training courses... I would recommend this book as a companion for anyone who is starting a course with little or no experience of academic expectations. It is written in a friendly and reassuring style' - Counselling, The Journal of the British Association for CounsellingThis book provides a comprehensive overview of the tasks and the processes of learning and writing required on counselling training courses and in the practice of counselling. The authors cover the entire period of training, from choosing a course to the early stages of professional practice.The first part of the book discusses learning skills, methods and approaches, looking at, for example, the context for learning, motivation and experiential learning. Part Two focuses on course requirements, the form of written assignments - how to complete them and the difficulties that can be encountered - as well as the basics of writing, including language, form and style. The final part looks at the involvement of practising counsellors in continued learning and the kinds of writing that they may develop throughout their careers.	1998-02-05	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761953128	Contested natures	Phil Macnaghten&John Urry		Demonstrating that all notions of nature are inextricably entangled in different forms of social life, the text elaborates the many ways in which the apparently natural world has been produced from within particular social practices. These are analyzed in terms of different senses, different times and the production of distinct spaces, including the local, the national and the global.  The authors emphasize the importance of cultural understandings of the physical world, highlighting the ways in which these have been routinely misunderstood by academic and policy discourses. They show that popular conceptions of, and attitudes to, nature are often contradictory and that there are no simple ways of prevailing upon people to `	1998	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761968191	Rethinking gender in early childhood education	Glenda MacNaughton		A thought-provoking text which will make practitioners examine their children's behaviour and play in a fresh light'- Christine Marsh, Manchester Metropolitan University  'A major contribution to the international literature on gender in Early Childhood .... Glenda MacNaughton has done a terrific job in making difficult theory accessible for teachers and student teachers. Her consistent use of plentiful examples and explorations of how different theories held by teachers might impact on their practice will be tremendously useful to teachers and teacher educators ' - Debbie Epstein, Centre for Research and Education on Gender, Institute of Education, London  `Invaluable for early chil	2000	Paul Chapman Pub.						ZZZ000000
9780803966864	The politics of accountability,educative and international perspectives	R. J. S. Macpherson&Politics of Education Association		This book reports on the outcomes of an international policy research project concerned with how power is being used in education to construct and discharge obligations between stakeholders, and to suggest how such processes might better serve educational ends.	1998-04-09	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803966871	The politics of accountability,educative and international perspectives	R. J. S. Macpherson&Politics of Education Association		This book reports on the outcomes of an international policy research project concerned with how power is being used in education to construct and discharge obligations between stakeholders, and to suggest how such processes might better serve educational ends.	1998-04-02	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761951506	Challenging women,gender, culture and organization	Su Maddock		This book offers a radical reassessment of organizational forces for change and barriers encountered by the `challenging women' - senior women managers faced with the task of transforming their organizations. Much has been written about women at work, the `glass ceiling' and discriminatory employment practices. This study is seminal in the linkage it makes between gender, innovation and organizational transformation. The book highlights the implications of this for all types of organizations and women managers everywhere.	1999	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803940093	Cognitive Bases of Mental Disorders	Peter A. Magaro		This first volume in a major new series - The Annual Review of Psychopathology - focuses on the psychological processes of cognition, especially memory, in relation to mental disorders. The contributors, established authorities in psychology and psychiatry, all have extensive experience of assessing the role of cognition within a specific diagnostic category.	1990-12-01	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761993674	Independence and partition,the erosion of colonial power in India	Sucheta Mahajan		This book examines the interplay of imperial, national and communal conflicts during the most crucial phase of India's national movement. By looking at the independence and partition that took place between 1945 and 1947, it covers a wide range of political events and the positions taken by the British, the Congress, the Muslim league and Hindu communal forces.	2000	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761901419	Crack cocaine, crime, and women,legal, social, and treatment issues	Sue Mahan		Sue Mahan provides an up-to-date, accessible discussion of the issues relevant to the debate on crack cocaine, crime and women. Following an in-depth overview, the book offers a broad and informed perspective on the legal, lifestyle and treatment issues central to women's addiction to crack cocaine. With sensitivity and compassion, the author also addresses the tragic consequences of children born to addicted mothers, stressing the importance for policy and resources to focus on the mutual well-being of mother and child.	1996-08-23	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803979536	Social movements and social classes,the future of collective action	Louis Maheu		This book assembles an international cast of eminent contributors who focus on issues of social movements and social class from the perspective of collective action. An important addition to current debate, the text discusses such topics as: middle-class radicalism, racism, class, the institutionalization of movements, urban politics, citizenship, education and democracy.  Part One reviews the various analytical approaches used to explain the foundations for collective action. Part Two examines the close links between local power structures, spatial issues and the institutionalization of collective action. Part Three analyzes the ways that social struggles penetrate political life, with further reflections on culture and dem	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803988514	Managing the UK,an introduction to its political economy and public policy	Richard A. Maidment&Richard Maidment&Grahame Thompson		This textbook offers a distinctive introduction to the study of the British political economy and public policy, using three models of coordination central to the analysis of the public and private sectors: markets, hierarchies and networks.  These models are used to explore key areas of the British political economy. Cases examined include core industries of strategic importance to the economy and the major elements of the public sector.  This original and wide-ranging text will be an invaluable supplement to a wide range of courses on contemporary Britain.	1993	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781873942352	B/G-Steem - User Manual and CD-ROM,A Self-Esteem Scale with Locus of Control Items	Barbara Maines&George Robinson		This is a combined self-esteem and locus of control scale that has been developed and standardised in British schools on a population of pupils aged six to 13 years. Special attention has been paid to the use of clear and simple language and the scale only requires Yes/No responses. The test can be administered in two formats:  " paper and pencil tick sheets (group or individual) " computer presentation, text and voice with automatic scoring (individual only).  Included in the handbook and on CD-ROM are primary and secondary test forms for both boys and girls.   All the forms are freely copiable. Full marking and procedure instructions are included.  This is a useful resource for evaluating changes in children resulting from new programmes and interventions.	1988-01	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781904315070	Reading Faces,And Learning about Human Emotions	Barbara Maines		For those wishing to continue or extend their teaching of emotional literacy this is an unusual and invaluable resource. Developed in collaboration with Professor Simon Baron-Cohen and using his research on human emotions Barbara has devised a programme that makes this accessible and useful in the classroom or small group setting.  Simon identified 412 discreet emotions falling into 24 feeling groups. From this we have selected 78 and developed a photo library with two examples of each emotion. One of each is printed in the book for copying and all are available on the CD-ROM for direct printing. The library is sorted into age levels that correlate with Key Stages 1 to 4. At each stage this book includes activities with aims linked to the programme of study in Speaking and Listening and PSHE and Citizenship.  An easy to use and fun resource for staff who want to: } assist young people in recognizing emotions } develop pupil awareness of the importance of understanding emotions } enhance social and emotional relationships.	2003-10-01	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781853961656	Making facts matter,reading non-fiction 5-11	Margaret Mallett		`There is little doubt that this is a book to which I shall return many times. It genuinely does enrich its readers' understanding' - Times Educational Supplement  'Warmly recommended for teachers and essential for the primary school library or staffroom' - School Librarian  'This is an illuminated and wise book, providing a convincing picture of the nature of primary school children and their work' - International Review of Children's Literature and Librarianship   This book provides a sound theoretical base, as well as practical examples, on the use and enjoyment of non-fiction books in the classroom.  Drawing on research studies from psychology and linguistics, the author brings together what is known about how children learn to read. She relates this specifically to how young readers become able to meet the demands of different kinds of non-fiction texts. She then shows how teachers can support children in becoming readers of non-fiction.	1992-05-28	Paul Chapman Pub.						ZZZ000000
9780761997429	Labour and change,essays on globalization, technological change, and labour in India	Kuriakose Mamkoottam		In the face of globalization, rapid change, and an internationally competitive environment, Indian organizations have initiated a wide range of changes in order to both survive and thrive. This book explores various facets of these change processes in order to understand why such initiatives either succeed or fail.	2003-05-01	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9780761993278	Entrepreneurial policies and strategies,the innovator's choice	Mathew J. Manimala		Based on first-hand observation, interviews, published case studies and an extensive literature research, this pioneering book provides a novel theoretical perspective on the strategies and policy orientations of innovative new ventures.	1999-04-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803939691	Controversial issues in energy policy	Alfred Allen Marcus		How has the world coped with past energy crises? In this volume, Marcus reveals both the shortcomings and failures and the surprising successes of past efforts. With the decline of the Cold War, energy policy issues are among the most important factors in world politics. Energy policies provide a new context for the evolution of other internationally significant policies; namely, global trade, new Eastern European economies and emerging environmental issues. Introducing energy issues by reviewing events which transpired in the Persian Gulf after August 1990, Marcus then examines trends in energy productionnsumption worldwide since the first energy supply crisis of 1973. Ensuing chapters discuss the economics and the politics of energy polic	1992-09-03	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803959736	Minorities, aging, and health	Kyriakos S. Markides&Manuel Miranda		Ethnic minorities represent a growing percentage of the elderly population in the United States. Yet, the impact of aging on minority groups and subgroups has only been partially studied. Now, Minorities, Aging, and Health begins to fill the gap and open up the debate on how to provide for the specific needs of an increasingly diverse elderly population. In order to provide as complete and current overview as possible, the contributors examine a variety of populations, including Hispanics, Asian Americans, Pacific Islanders, and Native Americans. Some specific issues covered in this volume include: mortality and life expectancy, the incidence of disease and disabilities, diet and nutrition, access to health services and long-term care, and public health care policy. This book is both timely and unique, thus making it a welcome addition to the literature on aging for scholars and health care professionals. It will be an invaluable resource in the fields of gerontology, public health, ethnic studies, and nursing.	1997-09-22	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761951346	Governance in the European Union	Gary Marks		A fresh alternative to traditional state-centred analyses of the process of European integration is presented in this book. World-renowned scholars analyze the state in terms of its component parts and clearly show the interaction of subnational, national and supranational actors in the emerging European polity. This `multi-level politics' approach offers a powerful lens through which to view the future course of European integration.  The contributors' empirical exploration of areas such as regional governance, social policy and social movements underpins their broad conceptual and theoretical framework providing significant new insight into European politics.	1996-08-23	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9788178298801	Health Psychology : Theory, Research And Practice	David F Marks&Michael Murray&Brian Evans&Carla Willig&Cailine Woodall		This second edition of David Marks et al`s best-selling textbook retains all of the features of the first edition but with greater coverage and pedagogic focus than before.Key features of the second edition:- Five new chapters covering social inequalities, social justice and health; research methods in health psychology; preventing and controlling pain; cancer and chronic illness; health and work.- Extensive pedagogical features-introductory outlines, summaries, suggestions for future research, boxed definitions, glossary with key terms highlighted in the text.- A new comprehensive companion website available at www.sagepub.co.uk/marksHealth Psychology: Theory, Research and Practice, second edition will be essential reading for senior undergraduate and masters students in health psychology. It has international and interdisciplinary appeal, discussing professional and contextual issues relevant to trainee health psychologists, nurses, and anyone studying in the field of medicine or the health sciences.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788178298559	Introduction To Accounting	Pru Marriott&J R Edwards&Howard J Mellett		This fully revised and updated edition of Introduction to Accounting provides an extremely accessible text for those students coming to the subject for the first time. It embraces the basic techniques and underlying theoretical concepts in accounting and shows how these are applied in various practical circumstances.Introduction to Accounting offers: - Fully illustrated, worked examples - Student activities - End of chapter questions, many from major accounting examination bodies - Solutions to the activities and questions - A complimentary website providing a Solution Manual for the questionsIntroduction to Accounting is an essential textbook for undergraduate accounting students. This new edition incorporates major changes that improve and update the previous edition. It is designed to meet the needs of both the non0specialist and those intending to specialize in accounting at undergraduate and also postgraduate levels.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781853964466	Desirable literacies,approaches to language and literacy in the early years	Jackie Marsh&Elaine Hallet		`The book demonstrates the importance of providing meaningful, purposeful opportunities for children to develop, explore and enjoy the full range of literacy experiences and offers plenty of practical ideas for how this can be achieved.... offers a very stimulating and even inspiring read to anyone involved in early years education' - Literacy and Language  This book will help develop professional knowledge and expertise in the area of language and literacy in the early years. It relates current practices to relevant research and theory in a range of areas. It provides a framework for the planning and delivery of an early years language and literacy curriculum, with references to the Desirable Outcomes.	1999	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780761903345	Minorities, migrants, and crime,diversity and similarity across Europe and the United States	Ineke Haen Marshall		This ideal resource is the result of an enthusiastic collaboration of authors from both Europe and the United States. Highlighting diversities and similarities found in law enforcement priorities, punishment philosophy and practices, and media coverage, the volume also includes an enlightening discourse on political, scholarly and public issues critical to this area of research.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761955580	Repositioning class,social inequality in industrial societies	Gordon Marshall		In recent years the death of social class has been regularly reported - such pronouncements have been as exaggerated as they were untimely. Social class is as important to the understanding of late twentieth-century industrial societies as it was to their early twentieth-century counterparts. This book aims to explain why class has persisted as such a potent social force.In Repositioning Class Gordon Marshall uses the comparative study of British experiences in relation to those of the United States, Scandinavia and the former communist countries of Eastern Europe. Also examined are cases where Britain provides the exclusive focus for discussion either about class itself, or about how sociologists might most useful	1997	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803960893	The administrative career,a casebook on entry, equity, and endurance	Catherine Marshall&Katherine L. Kasten		This volume helps educational administrators develop the skills necessary to face the challenges of new leadership models and educational policies. The authors, capitalizing on their considerable experience in education, use case studies to facilitate discussion of critical issues in educational administration. A practical guide to making schools dynamic, fair and caring places for both educators and students.	1994-10-13	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761931515	The assistant principal,leadership choices and challenges	Catherine Marshall&Richard M. Hooley		This updated edition supports the intrinsic value of the assistant principalship, provides improvement suggestions, offers recruitment ideas, and reframes the job within school leadership.	2006-03-21	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803957831	Fatherhood,contemporary theory, research, and social policy	William Marsiglio&Men's Studies Association (U.S.)		Shifting marriage and divorce patterns, transformation in the workplace, the growth of the women's movement and the development of the men's movement, all these social and cultural changes have changed fathers' traditional family roles and forced a reexamination of how fathers and children interact. Progress in this new understanding of fathers is highlighted in Fatherhood, a volume of empirical and theoretical research on fathers in families. The research pieces, written by such well-known scholars as Furstenberg, Seltzer, and Greif, examine differences in culture, class, nationality, and custodial status. The chapters focus on legal, economic, and policy questions, as well as on the interaction between fathers and children within the family. Some of the topics explored are fathers' involvement in child care, fathering in the inner city, and single fathers who have custody of their children. Fatherhood is the most current assessment of our research base on fatherhood available for professional, scholarly, and classroom use and is important reading for those interested in men's studies, family studies, gender studies, sociology, psychology, and social work.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761930822	Juvenile justice,process and systems	Gus Martin		Juvenile Justice: Process and Systems is an ideal textbook for those who wish to explore the theory and practice of providing justice to juveniles. Author Gus Martin introduces readers to juvenile justice in the contemporary era, while providing a contextual grounding in the historical origins of modern process and systems. This book is a review of institutions, procedures, and theories that are specifically directed toward addressing the problems of juvenile deviance and victimization.	2005-02-15	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803943827	Oral history in social work,research, assessment, and intervention	Ruth R. Martin		It's Been a Long Time Coming -- 1. Valuing the Subjective Experience: Oral History as Qualitative Research -- 2. Using Theoretical Perspectives for Oral History Research in Social Work and Social Work Education -- 3. Making a Bridge: Moving From Social Work Practice Knowledge and Skill to Oral History Research Skill -- 4. Generating and Recording Oral Histories: Process and Method -- 5. Analyzing and Interpreting Data and Writing Up the Project -- 6. Black Family Adaptation, Survival, and Growth Strategies: An Oral History Project -- 7. The Realities of Soviet Jewish Migration: Illustrated Through Slava's Narratives -- 8. Recapturing the Purpose of Settlements Through Oral History -- 9. Oral History Methodology to Examine Issues of Adolescent Mothers -- 10. Understanding Communities: The Pliny Street Block Association.	1995-10-18	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803984165	Economy and society,overviews in economic sociology	Alberto Martinelli&Neil J. Smelser		This is the first overview of the interface between economics and sociology. Normally considered quite separately, the volume reconciles the disciplines. Amongst the many questions considered are: the formal relationship between the two disciplines; the distinctive ranges of empirical data which each discipline calls into question; how the substantive findings of one discipline can modify the assumptions of the other.The book explores the historical development of economic theories of society and the concept of the rational economic actor and contextualizes debates on rationality. The contribution of economic sociology is demonstrated through critical assessments of key areas of the literature such as the state\market division in capitalist and socialist economies, the informal economy and the relation of states and economies to the international arena. As a major overview of the dialogue between economists and sociologists, this book will be of interst to a broad range of lecturers and students in the social sciences. Economy and Society is being published simultaneously as Volume 38, issues 2 - 3 of Current Sociology.	1990	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803984363	International markets and global firms,a comparative study of organized business in the chemical industry	Alberto Martinelli		This is a study of how global firms operating in international markets relate to national governments. It is the first international comparative study of the role of business associations, government policies and business strategies in a major global industry, chemicals. Because of its importance in the world economy, the chemical industry proves a profoundly instructive case study for political economy in general and, more specifically, for the analysis of the principal mechanisms of social regulation in the world economy. The study covers two decades that have been characterized by extensive technological innovation, sectoral shifts in international trade and far-reaching social transformation.	1991	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803957565	Ethics of information management	Richard O. Mason&Florence M. Mason&Mary J. Culnan		"This is a well-written and well-organized treatment of a very important topic. I enjoyed reading it and gained some new insights and ideas. The explanations are clear and detailed and the examples are very helpful. The Ethics of Information Management is unique with its total focus on information and privacy. This is a critical area and this book makes a fine contribution." --Ernest A. Kallman, Research Fellow, Center for Business Ethics, Bentley College "At this stage in the information age, at this point in our understanding of issues and our understanding of the relation between ethics and information, any book that raises our awareness and sense of responsibility is worth publishing. Ethics of Information Management definitely does that." --Martha L. Hale, School of Library and Information Management, Emporia State University "This book breaks new ground in innovatively introducing the issues involved in information ethics to a business school curriculum. Cases are used throughout to identify the issues with numerous references back to each case to identify ways of reasoning, situations in which policies and procedures can help, and situations in which laws and professional codes are useful or not. There are many nuggets of information and ways of looking at situations that will assist readers in identifying the issues and stakeholders, assessing alternatives and their ramifications, and making informed, ethical decisions throughout their careers." --Sue Conger, Management Information Sciences, Southern Methodist University The authors to the second volume in the Sage Series in Business Ethics provide ways of thinking about information and the new responsibilities engendered by its acquisition, processing, storing, dissemination, and use. The Ethics of Information Management provides a set of concepts, methods, arguments, and illustrations designed to sharpen the reader's ethical focus. Organized into three sections, the first part of the book provides motivation and conceptual background for the volume as a whole. Part II focuses on fundamental concepts about ethics, including a description of the process of ethical thinking and a range of theories and principles that can be used in ethical situations. In the final chapters, the concepts of information, and the need for ethics and ethical thinking, are applied to the various levels of the social system to which they pertain: individual and professional, organizational and societal, or systemic. Intended primarily for those who are, or will soon become, information professionals, The Ethics of Information will also be of interest to others concerned about what those who handle information do and how it affects them.	1995-08-03	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803981492	Informal justice?	Roger Matthews		Informal forms of justice such as mediation have been greeted enthusiastically as progress from the punishment model of justice -- and criticised as broadening rather than narrowing the reach of the criminal justice system. Here the contributors assess the evidence and re-appraise the theory of informalism.	1988-12	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803982406	Privatizing criminal justice	Roger Matthews		Without abdicating their ultimate responsibility for law enforcement and criminal justice, Western governments are increasingly seeking to delegate aspects of this task to the private and voluntary sectors. The contributors assess both the actual and potential impact of privatization in this highly controversial area, and examine the experience of private prisons, especially in North America, the activities of private security firms and current developments in electronic monitoring techniques. Privatizing Criminal Justice explores the changing relations between the state and the market and evaluates whether privatization can improve the control of crime and the administration of justice.	1989	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803976214	Working with offenders,issues, contexts and outcomes	Tim May&Antony A. Vass		Working with Offenders examines the current knowledge, skills and values which are needed by those working as probation officers and social workers for effective and competent practice. As well as looking at areas of practice which are of central importance to the altering roles of practitioners, this original textbook provides a critical appraisal of the policies and requirements which guide those roles.   Written in an accessible style by experienced academics and professionals, the book examines: the issues which inform practice - training, skills and competences, antidiscriminatory practice, autonomy and accountability, masculinity and the causes of crime; the contexts in which work with offenders ta	1996-04-05	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803946804	Analytical Marxism	Thomas F. Mayer		Analytical Marxism blends the tenets of Marxist theory with many of the more traditional methods of social science. In this brief introduction to the major ideas and scholars in the Analytical Marxist school, Thomas F. Mayer assesses the achievements, strengths, and criticisms of their work. Focusing on the work of Elster, Roemer, Wright, and others, Mayer examines their writing on class, the state, exploitation, and revolution. Sections addressing communism and socialism define these terms in historical and current contexts, enabling the author to establish the patterns from which political predictions may be drawn. The book also explores the challenge to Marxist thought brought about by contemporary developments in Eastern Europe and suggests how the future of Marxism is shaped by these events. "Designed to help undergraduates understand the complex literature on the topic, this volume is written in an accessible style, and includes a glossary and annotated reading list. The language is exceptionally clear and free of mathematical equations. Thomas F. Mayer demonstrates in fact how needless equations so often are. Thomas F. Mayer's Analytical Marxism is a theoretical statement in its own right. As such, it is far more compelling than the edited volume with the same title that came out in 1986. What makes Mayer's book superior is that it has abandoned or muted many of the philosophically objectionable positions associated with its predecessor." -Contemporary Sociology "Thomas F. Mayer's book admirably demonstrates the robust and provacative results wrought by Cohen, ELster, Przeworski, Roemer, and Wright with their chosen tools. The liveliness and intensity of the debates provoked by these theorists' assertions suggests that the Marxian analytical tradition has a robust future." --Science and Society	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803964310	Plugged in and turned on,planning, coordinating, and managing computer-supported instruction	Charles H. McCain		Written in a clear, non-technical style, this is a comprehensive guide to the effective use and management of computers in schools. The book describes a variety of classroom computing purposes; addresses strategies to ensure the security of the computer equipment and data; offers suggestions for policy development on the use of computers in education; and discusses the technical support required once computers have been installed, as well as the support necessary for teachers to use the computers and programs effectively.  The appendices provide valuable information on copyright laws that apply to computer software and job descriptions for various computer-related jobs in education.	1996-06-24	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803946040	High school underachievers	Robert B. McCall&Cynthia Evahn&Lynn Kratzer		For years, educators, counselors, and parents have debated whether underachievers can outgrow this behavior and perform up to their abilities as adults. What happens educationally, occupationally, and maritally to underachievers after they leave high school? In the largest sample of underachievers and the first long-term (13-year) study ever conducted, the authors explore whether underachievers "catch up" after high school to the level of their abilities, the traits of those who do, and the traits of those who don't. Through an analysis of the 13-year longitudinal study, they compare underachievers with students who receive the same grades and students who have tested at the same ability level but who have performed better in school. Covering such issues as personality variables, learning strategies, self-esteem, classroom structure, the educational system, and parental styles, the authors sift through the data to discover what factors are associated with underachievement and what techniques have worked to help these students improve their performance. USE FOR NEXT MAILING (11/94): "Good, substantive research on underachievement has been lacking in the field of gifted education for some time. McCall's book fills a needed void in the literature. . . . University libraries and resource centers for gifted education will want to add this book to their inventories. High School Underachievers is a timely addition on the most current information about underachievement." --Roeper Review "McCall has taken an unusually thorny and controversial area (controversial in the sense that historically there has been little agreement among workers in the area as to even the definition of the phenomena) and quite clearly defined a series of issues of interest to him. He has then applied a methodology to address those issues. . . . It seems to me that it is a good piece of work." --Mark Appelbaum, Vanderbilt University "This brief volume contains good data about a problem, underachievement, that represents a longtime concern of parents and educators. The authors discuss theories, but the only hypothesis tested was that underachievers might form a meaningful syndrome. They had an opportunity to analyze data--including the outcomes 13 years after high school graduation--on a sample of substantial size, and they obtained more relevant and dependable information about the supposed phenomenon than has heretofore been available. More psychological research should have this outcome and this beginning." --Contemporary Psychology	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803946057	High school underachievers	Robert B. McCall&Cynthia Evahn&Lynn Kratzer		For years, educators, counselors, and parents have debated whether underachievers can outgrow this behavior and perform up to their abilities as adults. What happens educationally, occupationally, and maritally to underachievers after they leave high school? In the largest sample of underachievers and the first long-term (13-year) study ever conducted, the authors explore whether underachievers "catch up" after high school to the level of their abilities, the traits of those who do, and the traits of those who don't. Through an analysis of the 13-year longitudinal study, they compare underachievers with students who receive the same grades and students who have tested at the same ability level but who have performed better in school. Covering such issues as personality variables, learning strategies, self-esteem, classroom structure, the educational system, and parental styles, the authors sift through the data to discover what factors are associated with underachievement and what techniques have worked to help these students improve their performance. USE FOR NEXT MAILING (11/94): "Good, substantive research on underachievement has been lacking in the field of gifted education for some time. McCall's book fills a needed void in the literature. . . . University libraries and resource centers for gifted education will want to add this book to their inventories. High School Underachievers is a timely addition on the most current information about underachievement." --Roeper Review "McCall has taken an unusually thorny and controversial area (controversial in the sense that historically there has been little agreement among workers in the area as to even the definition of the phenomena) and quite clearly defined a series of issues of interest to him. He has then applied a methodology to address those issues. . . . It seems to me that it is a good piece of work." --Mark Appelbaum, Vanderbilt University "This brief volume contains good data about a problem, underachievement, that represents a longtime concern of parents and educators. The authors discuss theories, but the only hypothesis tested was that underachievers might form a meaningful syndrome. They had an opportunity to analyze data--including the outcomes 13 years after high school graduation--on a sample of substantial size, and they obtained more relevant and dependable information about the supposed phenomenon than has heretofore been available. More psychological research should have this outcome and this beginning." --Contemporary Psychology	1992-04-13	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780826467805	Living on the edge,breaking up to break down to breakthrough	Elizabeth Wilde McCormick		'This is a complex book. It offers clarification and a sense of reassurance, but does not intend to provide answers, and is not for those seeking concrete direction. This will be a powerful read for many in a place of loss, chaos or existential angst' - Alison Cooper, Psychothearpy and Counselling  Drawing on sources as diverse as medical and psychological theory, anthropology, religious and spiritual tradition, art and poetry, experienced psychotherapist Elizabeth Wilde McCormick explores the different elements of the edge - the images, dangers, safe places, and offers a unique handbook which charts that often lonely and alien territory.	2003-02-01	Continuum						ZZZ000000
9780803973718	Intervening with drug-involved youth	Clyde B. McCoy&Lisa R. Metsch&James A. Inciardi		Written by an outstanding group of experts in the field, this book explores current issues of drug use by young people. Beginning with a fascinating introduction on the history of drug use, the contributors then examine thoroughly the scope of the problem, discuss prevention and treatment initiatives, and also provide international perspectives.	1996-08-23	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803973725	Intervening with drug-involved youth	Clyde B. McCoy&Lisa R. Metsch&James A. Inciardi		Written by an outstanding group of experts in the field, this book explores current issues of drug use by young people. Beginning with a fascinating introduction on the history of drug use, the contributors then examine thoroughly the scope of the problem, discuss prevention and treatment initiatives, and also provide international perspectives.	1996-08-23	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803934177	Minutes to midnight,nuclear weapons protest in America	Frances B. McCrea&Gerald E. Markle		Minutes to Midnight explores the dynamics of the antinuclear protest movement, particularly the freeze and its origins, growth, decline, and enduring problems. Beginning with a historical analysis of early attempts to control nuclear weapons, the authors then use a unique sociohistorical case study to give new insight into how social change occurs in postindustrial society. The seven chapters examine the problems created by the development of technology, nuclear weapons, and the creation of new social classes and new social movements as vehicles to accumulate power.	1989-08-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412964975	Teach Them ALL to Read,Catching Kids Before They Fall Through the Cracks	Elaine K. McEwan-Adkins		Featuring vignettes, graphic organizers, instructional strategies, up-to-date research, and more, this updated bestseller helps educators understand the most effective ways to teach all students to read.	2009-01-01	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803965317	The principal's guide to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder	Elaine K. McEwan		A practical resource book containing everything a school head needs to know to meet the needs of students with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. Checklists, policies, sample letters and forms are included.	1997-12	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803965324	The Principal's Guide to Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder	Elaine K. McEwan		A practical resource book containing everything a school head needs to know to meet the needs of students with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. Checklists, policies, sample letters and forms are included.	1997-12-01	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781412926454	The Teacher's Reflective Calendar and Planning Journal,Motivation, Inspiration, and Affirmation	Mary Zabolio McGrath&Beverley Holden Johns		This yearly planner provides a weekly calendar with room for goals and to-do lists, 365 ideas for your professional and personal life, and more!	2006-05	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761976158	Research on Effective Models for Teacher Education,Teacher Education Yearbook VIII	D. John McIntyre&David M. Byrd		Explore the power and possibilities of teaching! Corwin Press and the Association of Teacher Education once again join together to produce ATE's yearbook. This yearbook addresses the nation's pressing need to train and retain good teachers as it explores exemplary practices in teacher education.  Areas of critical concern include:   Enhancing professional development Methods for improving teaching and learning Transformations through mentoring and social interaction  Effective models for alternative programs in teacher education  This book adds to the knowledge base as contributors explore practices based on current theory, research, and experience. The jury-reviewed chapters constitute a major contribution to the field of teacher education. It will be an essential resource for all post secondary education faculty and should be included in programs devoted to understanding the impact of teacher education on teachers and their students.	2000-02-03	Corwin						ZZZ000000
9780803966734	Strategies for career-long teacher education	D. John McIntyre&David M. Byrd&Association of Teacher Educators		The focus of this edited book is continuing teacher education over the course of a teacher's career.	1998-01-08	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803966741	Strategies for career-long teacher education	D. John McIntyre&David M. Byrd&Association of Teacher Educators		The focus of this edited book is continuing teacher education over the course of a teacher's career.	1998-01-08	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761912712	Masculinities, gender relations, and sport	Jim McKay&Michael A. Messner&Donald F. Sabo		In the era of sports dominance in America, athletics have become both a metaphor and reality of American masculinity. Edited by three of the leading scholars at the intersection of masculinity and sports studies, this volume offers a fascinating articulation on the state of athletics in modern society. Each part of the volume examines a significant arena and tackles some of the most deeply rooted issues within the field of sports. From the mechanisms by which masculinity is interwoven into sports to the violence encoded within the field, this book provides an insiders look at the state of gender relations.	2000	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803962323	Schools in the middle,developing a middle-level orientation	Jack A. McKay		An important challege to school leaders is learning how to anticipate change, and how to utilize the available resources to maximize the opportunity that such change represents. Using case studies of United States schools which have moved from the junior high to the middle school system, Jack A McKay provides school leaders with guidance on how successful transition can be accomplished.	1995-03-06	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761932079	Strategic communication in the HIV/AIDS epidemic	Neill McKee&Jane T. Bertrand&Antje Becker-Benton&Benton Lee Becker		This book promotes the use of strategic communication to fight against the HIV/AIDS epidemic. Focusing on strategic communication for positive and measurable behaviour change, the authors elaborate on a wide range of issues including: the importance of advocacy and community mobilization; comprehensive approaches to prevention and the use of communication in reducing stigma; communication programmes for a wide range of specific groups including intravenous drug users and refugees; the role of communication in support of clinical and social services; the care and support of vulnerable children; and selected communication approaches such as entertainment-education, telephone hotlines and digital communication.  Case studies are employed to illustrate the concepts and show how strategic communication has been used in different developing countries for training and in designing communication programmes.	2004	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803977129	Public sector management,theory, critique and practice	David McKevitt&Alan Lawton&Open University		Drawing together key contributions from the field, this innovative volume provides a broad-ranging overview of both the theory and the practice of public service management. The editors outline the social, political, and economic contexts in which management has emerged as a crucial issue in the public sector of modern democratic countries. Introducing three major theories, issues, and concepts involved in defining and understanding public sector management, this book analyzes some of the key values underpinning the idea of the public domain and examines some of the techniques and strategies which have been proposed to improve management for public services. This collection of thought-provoking articles will be essential reading for all graduate students studying public sector management, as well as practicing public sector managers--particularly those in health care, local government, and the civil service. "A course reader for the Open University MBA course on Managing Public Services, this book draws together key contributions to the field and provides a broad-ranging overview of both the theory and practice of public service management. . . . It analyzes some of the key values underpinning the idea of the public domain and examines some of the main challenges in terms of particular strategies, techniques and competences that have been proposed to improve management for public services. A book of particular interest to those studying health care, local government, and the civil service." --International Review of Administrative Sciences "The book makes excellent reading." --Management & Labour Studies	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803975460	Foucault, management and organization theory,from panopticon to technologies of self	Alan McKinlay&Ken Starkey		This volume draws together critical assessments of Michel Foucault's contribution to our understanding of the making and remaking of the modern organization.The volume provides a valuable summary of Foucault's contribution to organization theory, which also challenges the conventions of traditional organizational analysis. By applying Foucauldian concepts such as discipline, surveillance and power//knowledge, the authors shed new light on the genesis of the modern organization and raise fresh questions about organization theory. The bureaucratic career is, for example, analyzed as a disciplinary device, a mechanism that seeks to alter rational choice rather than constrain bodies. This raises questions about Foucault's link	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803976856	Narrative and psychotherapy	John McLeod		'A densely packed book with interesting and valuable research gleaned from a wide variety of therapy approaches, Narrative and Psychotherapy furnishes the reader with a cogent historical appraisal of the way psychotherapy, culture and storytelling fit together.... A good reference book for counsellors and students.... The authors' students, and clients, must be very happy that he has the interest and the capacity to tune in to others in such a fresh manner' - Counselling, The Journal of the British Association for CounsellingThe core of psychotherapy can be seen as a process in which the client comes to tell, and then re-author, an individual life-story or personal narrative. The author of this book argues that all therapies are, therefore, narrative therapies, and that the counselling experience can be understood in terms of telling and retelling stories. If the story is not heard, then the therapist and the client are deprived of the most effective and mutually involving mode of discourse open to them.Taking a narrative approach also requires thinking about the nature of truth, the concept of the person, the relationship between therapist and client, and the knowledge base of psychotherapy. John McLeod examines the role and significance of stories in psychotherapy from within a broad-based cultural and theoretical framework.	1997	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803953437	Personality psychology,a student-centered approach	Jim McMartin		This textbook examines major theories of personality as they apply to an understanding of our past, present and future selves. Unlike traditional personality textbooks that merely present a succession of different theories, this student-centred volume examines how theories of personality have a bearing on questions that are relevant across the lifespan.A question-and-answer format invites students to approach personality psychology with an active attitude of critical inquiry in their search for objective knowledge and self-discovery. Throughout the text, students are encouraged to evaluate each theory in terms of how much it contributes to an understanding of their own personalities and lives. An instructor's manual is ava	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178295350	Mcquail`S Mass Communication Theory, 5E	Mcquail		Now fully revised, the Fifth Edition of this best-selling text provides a comprehensive, non-technical and wide-ranging introduction to various approaches to understanding mass communication. This edition also takes account of recent theory and research in relation to new media, globalisation and topics related to cultural production (such as advertising, fashion and merchandising). The companion website, www.sagepub.co.uk/mcquail5, offers additional material for both lecturers and students.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761953005	Visions of modernity,representation, memory, time and space in the age of the camera	Scott McQuire		This overview of modern visual culture explores the relationship between technology, society and identity which underpins contemporary `media culture'. While tracing historical shifts as they have developed through, or intersected with, different camera technologies, the book is not so much about the camera's field of vision: it is concerned with processes of modernization and the dramatic changes - perceptual, experiential, epistemological - which characterize modernity.  Using the camera and its technologies as symbols of `realism', Scott McQuire interweaves: the history of visual culture from Lumiere to virtual reality by way of photography, cinema and television; the broad social and political transformations of t	1998-02-06	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803984295	Citizenship and the European Community	Elizabeth M. Meehan		As the European community develops a program of social policies at the transnational level, is a new kind of citizenship emerging? If so, how does European citizenship differ from citizenship at the national level, and how does it affect national citizenship rights? In this timely contribution to the debates on citizenship, Elizabeth Meehan provides an incisive analysis of the meaning of citizenship, and the links between civil, political, and social citizenship. She provides a clear account of the development of social rights within the European Community in three key areas: social security and assistance, participation by workers in undertakings in which they are employed, and the equal treatment of men and women. The author critically assesses the extent to which inequalities of class, gender, and ethnicity are successfully addressed by community social policies. Citizenship and the European Community will appeal to a wide readership across the social sciences, and will be of particular interest to academics and students of political studies, social policy, social and political theory, social inequalities and European studies. "This important little book provides the first overview in English of the practices of the European Community with respect to citizenship. It documents in detail the emergence of a solid tissue of new economic and social rights for workers throughout the Union. Elizabeth Meehan pays particular attention to the EC's actions in the area of equal protection, which have resulted in recalcitrant member states being pressed and prodded to move in the direction of gender equality. Meehan is careful to trace and document the roots of such new rights, which lie not only in the Treaty of Rome but also in the decisions of the European Court and directives of the Commission. In this analysis she clearly demonstrates the breadth of the commitment to extending citizenship rights within the institutions of the community." --Economic & Industrial Democracy	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761905967	Community design,a team approach to dynamic community systems	W. Arthur Mehrhoff		Community design has grown in importance in the public policy agenda over the past decade. This book focuses on the author's experience and work in Minnesota where a design team of architects, planners, and economic and community development practitioners provided planning and design assistance to local communities. The book explores the advantages of a systems approach to community design and uses the work of the Minnesota team to consider the issues involved in the implementation of successful community design.	1999-06-18	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761901136	Cognition within and between organizations	James R. Meindl&Charles Stubbart&Joseph Francis Allen Porac		Published in cooperation with the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences and its journal Organization Science One of the hottest topics in Organizational Science during the past several years has been how organizational members conceptualize and make sense of their organizational worlds. The growing interest in cognition, both within and between organizations, has coincided not accidentally, with the increasing legitimacy of a constructionist point of view among organizational scholars. Cognition Within and Between Organizations brings together the scholars whose work has fueled these theoretical developments. The topical focus of the chapters covers broad ground, from cognitive coordination on the bridge of a Navy ship to cultural belief systems in the California wine industry. Despite this variation, the contributors to this book all attempt to apply the insights of modern cognitive science to problems of sensemaking and decision making in modern organizations. This commonality creates the book's coherence while simultaneously marking the contributions as the cutting edge of cognitive research within and between organizations. This insightful volume contains contributions from some of the most well-respected researchers and professionals in Management and Organizational studies. Students in these areas will appreciate the wealth of information provided in this book.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803977228	Re-forming the body,religion, community and modernity	Philip A. Mellor&Chris Shilling		Through an analysis of successive reformations of the body, this innovative and penetrating book constructs a fascinating and wide-ranging account of how the creation and evolution of different patterns of human community are intimately related to the somatic experience of the sacred. The book places the relationship between embodiment and the sacred at the crux of social theory and casts a fresh light on the emergence and transformation of modernity. It critically examines the thesis that the rational projects of modern embodiment have died and gone to cyberspace and suggests that we are witnessing the rise of a virulent, effervescent form of the sacred that is changing how people see and keep in touch with the world around them. Grounded in classical and contemporary theory, Re-Forming the Body makes a seminal contribution to understanding the relationship between the sacred and profane: the world of religious and moral sentiment and the world of the body. It will be essential reading for graduates, postgraduates, and advanced undergraduates in sociology and social theory, the body, religious studies, cultural studies, and related areas.	1997	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781873942437	The good, the bad and the irritating,a practical approach for parents of children who are attention seeking	Nigel Mellor		`Over 20 years Dr Nigel Mellor has developed strategies that ... effectively change the child's behaviour' - The Independent  `Full of hope ... for parents [in] a desperate world. Advice is given with understanding, warmth and a real appreciation of what life is like when you have an impossible child' - Times Educational Supplement  `A very practical, down-to-earth and humorous approach... techniques that harassed parents can use ... this book is impressive' - Educational Psychology in Practice  `Extremely useful... I recommend this book as a manual for parenthood. Humour makes it an entertaining, yet informative read' - The Teacher  `Highly enjoyable ...delivers key messages superbly well... points are delivered with warmth and sensitivity' - British Journal of Special Education  `Nigel Mellor's] techniques will help you to turn your child from a monster into an angel' - Daily Express  `Who's pulling the strings? ... Strategies [for] exasperated parents'- Yorkshire Post   `They are driving parents mad ... but there is a consistent approach that helps' - Birmingham Post  `Back to your granny's wise words - the book is packed with real life examples ... [from] families and their moments of sheer desperation' - Sheffield Star  `The parents [Dr Mellor] sees are in a terrible state ... [his] help is practical and focused on the future rather than past mistakes'-  Newcastle Journal  `I immediately felt a lot of empathy. All in all an excellent book' - Special  `Up-front and practical approach to this all-encompassing challenge' - Education and Health  `A very valuable resource' - Children are Unbeatable Alliance  `Empowers parents ....would be ideal at parent workshops' - Special Needs Information Press  `A panacea for many parents ... an immensely readable book'- Young Minds  `Nigel Mellor's easy-going and empathetic style of writing [is] both refreshing and eminently readable ... the book is shot through with humour, modesty and encouragement and I highly recommend it'-  Contact a Family  `This unique book provides ... a practical guide packed with step-by- step instructions backed by a wealth of examples drawn from real families'- My Weekly.  `Insightful instruction ... Nigel Mellor is an expert in attention seeking ... timely and well written'- Metro   The author of the best-selling book, Attention Seeking, gets right to the heart of these topics in a way that readers can quickly grasp.  Each topic is explained and followed by a discussion and advice on ways to troubleshoot the problem. Topics covered include:  " misbehaviour " praise " punishment " ignoring.  The book provides parents, teachers and psychologists with a user-friendly, practical guide to the perplexing problem of attention seeking. Sharing this book will allow parents and professionals to go forward and plan for improved behaviour.  the good the bad and the irritating	2000-01-01	Lucky Duck Publishing						ZZZ000000
9788178290423	Supply Chain Management	Mentzer		John Mentzer draws on in-depth, real world interviews with the top supply chain executives in twenty companies, and a thorough review of supply chain management research to present a comprehensive model of supply chain management. The contributors are all supply chain experts with real world experience. They: /-/ - clearly define supply chain management /-/ - identify those factors that contribute to effective supply chain management /-/ - suggest how the adoption of a supply chain management approach can affect business strategy and corporate performance /-/ - provide practical guidelines on how companies can manage supply chains /-/ - address the role of all the traditional business functions in supply chain management	2001	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803929166	Geriatric case practice in nursing homes	Susan O. Mercer&J. Dianne Garner&Joel Leon		What special skills and knowledge base do practitioners need to work in nursing homes? What ethical and legal issues do practitioners face in nursing homes? And how have reforms under the newly implemented 1987 OBRA legislature affected practice in nursing homes? With the rapid growth of nursing homes in the 1980s, questions such as these are now being raised by policymakers, administrators, practitioners, and others working in nursing homes. In this highly instructive volume, the authors examine these vital questions and explore such relevant issues as working with nursing home residents and their families, managing selected special populations, working with other members of the nursing home staff, legal and ethical issues, and the organizational and policy contexts that shape practice. In addition, the authors include structured learning tasks that can be used to guide the development of practice skills in supervised nursing home practicums and field settings. Professionals from a variety of fields including social work, nursing, geriatric mental health, medicine, and nursing home administration will find this book to be an invaluable resource in their own day to day work. "This book presents a useful and thorough introduction to the subject of case practice with older persons in nursing homes. While of interest to anyone who desires to work with older persons in nursing homes, this book will be particularly useful to students and professors in social work and gerontology courses. . . . Instructors will find that the chapters lend themselves effectively to course organization, and they will appreciate the model fieldwork assignments that are presented in the appendix." --Clinical Gerontologist "This book provides a detailed and practical introduction to the subject of geriatric case practice in nursing homes. To the authors' credit, the content reflects a sound psychosocial theoretical base consistent with social service and social work practice. Students, beginning case practitioners, and instructors will find this book to be a useful guide to geriatric case practice in nursing homes." --Clinical Gerontologist "Generally, the private nursing-home sector is poorly served with high quality literature specifically relating to this field; so, it is pleasing to find a book such as Geriatric Case Practice in Nursing Homes which is extremely well-written and fully referenced. . . . I definitely recommend [this book] to health-care staff from any profession who have contact with elderly people, particularly nursing and rest-home staff, hospital, community- and day-centre staff, and nursing-home inspectors." --Nursing Standard "Very useful as a textbook in schools of social work. . . . The text would be valuable to any professional neophyte in the nursing home industry who needs an overview of the field, its development and the policies that are meant to effect change in quality of care. A major strength of this text is found in the 26-page appendix which thoughtfully and in great detail provides outlines, including learning objectives, for implementing several model fieldwork assignments in nursing homes." --Priscilla Ebersole, Ph.D., R.N., F.A.A.N., Geriatric Nursing "It presents a great deal of informative material with clarity in a well-organizeed and useful manner. Students and others who work in nursing facilities will become well-acquainted with the dimensions and complexities of these institutions when they read this book." --Journal of Cross-Cultural Gerontology	1991-04-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803929173	Geriatric case practice in nursing homes	Susan O. Mercer&J. Dianne Garner&Joel Leon		What special skills and knowledge base do practitioners need to work in nursing homes? What ethical and legal issues do practitioners face in nursing homes? And how have reforms under the newly implemented 1987 OBRA legislature affected practice in nursing homes? With the rapid growth of nursing homes in the 1980s, questions such as these are now being raised by policymakers, administrators, practitioners, and others working in nursing homes. In this highly instructive volume, the authors examine these vital questions and explore such relevant issues as working with nursing home residents and their families, managing selected special populations, working with other members of the nursing home staff, legal and ethical issues, and the organizational and policy contexts that shape practice. In addition, the authors include structured learning tasks that can be used to guide the development of practice skills in supervised nursing home practicums and field settings. Professionals from a variety of fields including social work, nursing, geriatric mental health, medicine, and nursing home administration will find this book to be an invaluable resource in their own day to day work. "This book presents a useful and thorough introduction to the subject of case practice with older persons in nursing homes. While of interest to anyone who desires to work with older persons in nursing homes, this book will be particularly useful to students and professors in social work and gerontology courses. . . . Instructors will find that the chapters lend themselves effectively to course organization, and they will appreciate the model fieldwork assignments that are presented in the appendix." --Clinical Gerontologist "This book provides a detailed and practical introduction to the subject of geriatric case practice in nursing homes. To the authors' credit, the content reflects a sound psychosocial theoretical base consistent with social service and social work practice. Students, beginning case practitioners, and instructors will find this book to be a useful guide to geriatric case practice in nursing homes." --Clinical Gerontologist "Generally, the private nursing-home sector is poorly served with high quality literature specifically relating to this field; so, it is pleasing to find a book such as Geriatric Case Practice in Nursing Homes which is extremely well-written and fully referenced. . . . I definitely recommend [this book] to health-care staff from any profession who have contact with elderly people, particularly nursing and rest-home staff, hospital, community- and day-centre staff, and nursing-home inspectors." --Nursing Standard "Very useful as a textbook in schools of social work. . . . The text would be valuable to any professional neophyte in the nursing home industry who needs an overview of the field, its development and the policies that are meant to effect change in quality of care. A major strength of this text is found in the 26-page appendix which thoughtfully and in great detail provides outlines, including learning objectives, for implementing several model fieldwork assignments in nursing homes." --Priscilla Ebersole, Ph.D., R.N., F.A.A.N., Geriatric Nursing "It presents a great deal of informative material with clarity in a well-organizeed and useful manner. Students and others who work in nursing facilities will become well-acquainted with the dimensions and complexities of these institutions when they read this book." --Journal of Cross-Cultural Gerontology	1991-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803965195	Preparing teachers to teach global perspectives,a handbook for teacher educators	Merry M. Merryfield&Elaine Jarchow&Sarah M. Pickert		James Norris, Dawn Shinew 4. Cross-Cultural Experiences in Teacher Education Courses: Reflections and Advice From American and African Teachers; Cynthia Tyson, Patricia Benton, Barbara Christenson, Anku Golloh, Ousmane Traore 5. Assessing Teachers for Learner-Centered Global Education; Giselle O. Martin-Kniep 6. Student Teaching Overseas; Craig Kissock 7. Infusing Global Perspectives Throughout a Secondary Social Studies Program; Angene H. Wilson 8. Professional Development in Global Education; Jane A. Boston 9. Building Faculty Commitment for Global Education; Roland Case, Walter Werner 10. The Dean's Role in Infusing Global Perspectives Throughout a College of Education; Elaine Jarchow Appendix: Global Education Info Guide; Sarah Pickert Index Subject: WEBXTP: Teaching & Professional Development	1997	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761907176	Crime as structured action,gender, race, class, and crime in the making	James W. Messerschmidt		The author of this volume skillfully demonstrates that a vital component to understanding crime is to be able to view it as more than a single activity. James W. Messerschmidt argues that crime operates subtly through a complex series of gender, race and class practices and these interwoven elements must be seen as part of all social existence, not viewed independently.	1997-01-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803989511	Constructing identities,the social, the nonhuman and change	Mike Michael		This volume provides a distinctive overview and analysis of the place of social constructionism in social psychology. The author's arguments revolve around two key questions: How can social constructionism account for changes in human identities? In what ways might social constructionism accommodate a role for nonhumans - whether technological or `natural' - in the constitution of identity?Michael locates these questions between recent innovations in social psychology and the highly influential contributions of actor-network theory, which has come to dominate the sociology of scientific knowledge.	1996	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803961005	Reporting child abuse,a guide to mandatory requirements for school personnel	Karen L. Michaelis		Based on an analysis of American state reporting statutes, this book provides a general statement about child abuse reporting requirements. In so doing, it highlights areas that need to be considered by school personnel when reporting suspected child abuse.Topics examined include: mandatory requirements to report child abuse and neglect; the required content of a child abuse report; school district responsibilities related to child abuse situations; and immunity provision for those reporting child abuse.	1993-09-15	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781853964329	Human resource management in schools and colleges	David Middlewood&Jacky Lumby		`This is a distance learning text for a university MBA course but it is easy to recommend it also as a free-standing, clearly written and comprehensive induction to the subject. NPQH candidates should grab it' -  Management in Education  This textbook deals with current theories of the management of people employed in schools and colleges, recent developments and emerging trends. The authors focus on: issues relevant to the whole organization; the specifics of managing a school or college and its employees; and cover the application of good practice to management processes such as selection, induction, performance management, appraisal and staff development.  It is relevant to teachers a	1999-01-19	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803977723	Social development,the developmental perspective in social welfare	James Midgley		The social development approach seeks to integrate economic and social policies within a dynamic development process in order to achieve social welfare objectives. This first comprehensive textbook on the subject demonstrates that social development offers critically significant insights for the developed as well as the developing world.  James Midgley describes the social development approach, traces its origins in developing countries, reviews theoretical issues in the field and analyzes different strategies in social development. By adding the developmental dimension, social development is shown to transcend the dichotomy between the residualist approach, which concentrates on targeting resources to the most needy, and th	1995	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803927681	Altruism in later life	Elizabeth Midlarsky&Eva Kahana		Why are the elderly so often perceived as burdensome and unproductive members of our society? Altruism in Later Life explores and refutes this view with cogent, empirical data. Authors Elizabeth Midlarsky and Eva Kahana introduce the results of a series of investigations on assistance offered by--rather than to--the elderly, in the context of historical, philosophical, and theoretical trends in gerontology and altruism research. Following a brief but inclusive historical survey of aging treatments, they present their own theoretical model of successful aging: Based on a carefully applied methodological review of research focusing on altruism and the elderly, the results reveal the relative frequency, nature, correlates, and ramifications of the contributions they make. Dispelling many of the misapprehensions held about the elderly, this work will prove to be a vital, timely resource for professionals and students in fields including gerontology, psychology, social work, sociology, counseling, and the health sciences.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803927698	Altruism in later life	Elizabeth Midlarsky&Eva Kahana		Why are the elderly so often perceived as burdensome and unproductive members of our society? Altruism in Later Life explores and refutes this view with cogent, empirical data. Authors Elizabeth Midlarsky and Eva Kahana introduce the results of a series of investigations on assistance offered by--rather than to--the elderly, in the context of historical, philosophical, and theoretical trends in gerontology and altruism research. Following a brief but inclusive historical survey of aging treatments, they present their own theoretical model of successful aging: Based on a carefully applied methodological review of research focusing on altruism and the elderly, the results reveal the relative frequency, nature, correlates, and ramifications of the contributions they make. Dispelling many of the misapprehensions held about the elderly, this work will prove to be a vital, timely resource for professionals and students in fields including gerontology, psychology, social work, sociology, counseling, and the health sciences.	1994-08-12	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803949485	Social justice and local development policy	Robert Mier		The inside story of the Chicago Development Plan has been described as `the most aggressive model thus far... for running a city for the benefit of its people'. In this book, Robert Mier, the chief architect and manager of Chicago's development agenda, makes a valuable contribution to the debate on local approaches to economic regeneration proving that the Chicago experience provides important lessons for all cities.	1993-07	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761952145	Consumerism,as a way of life	Steven Miles		This book provides an introduction to the historical and theoretical foundations of consumerism. It then moves on to examine the experience of consumption in the areas of space and place, technology, fashion, `popular' music and sport. Throughout, the author brings a critical perspective to bear upon the subject, thus providing a reliable and stimulating guide to a complex and many-sided field.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803976313	Context and method in qualitative research	Gale Miller&Robert Dingwall		A critical examination of the principles and practice of qualitative research is provided in this book which examines the interplay between context and method, making it invaluable for both the experienced and the beginning researcher.A range of methodological and practical issues central to the concerns of qualitative researchers are addressed. These include: the validity and plausibility of qualitative methods; the problems encountered using specific techniques in a range of social settings; and the moral issues raised in qualitative research. These themes are related to practical issues which are illustrated by a breadth of examples and in-depth case studies.The contributors look at the methods and strategies that they have used to study everyday life, and make suggestions to readers on why and how they might conduct their own studies. They raise issues that go beyond 'cookbook' discussions of issues such as how to enter social settings, manage the subjects of one's research and ask 'good' questions in the process of formulating research strategies. These issues are addressed within the framework of the larger purposes and uses of qualitative research where specific methodological problems are not used as ends in themselves.	1997-08-11	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761907138	Crime control and women,feminist implications of criminal justice policy	Susan L. Miller		Crime Control and Women reveals the current limitations of criminal justice policies that are oblivious to the impact they exert on citizens who vary by gender, race and/or social class. Feminist in perspective, the contributors to this volume share a common vision of hope that social change will result from social control and punishment that is just and human, with commitments to prevention, education, and treatment.	1998-02-12	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803977020	The circuit of mass communication,media strategies, representation and audience reception in the AIDS crisis	David Miller&Glasgow University Media Group		This book moves beyond the narrow focus of much of the work on media and cultural studies to examine the whole process of interaction between the media and the social world. Rejecting approaches which focus only on ownership or discourse or audience reception, this new book from the Glasgow Media Group, examines: promotional strategies; media production; representation and audience responses; as well as broader impacts on policy, culture and society.  Using a detailed analysis of the struggle over representation during the AIDS crisis as point of departure, The Circuit of Mass Communication reveals the power of the media to influence public opinion, and the complex interaction between media coverage, audience response	1998-04-14	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761952442	Class	Andrew Milner		This concise and accessible textbook overviews the place and continuing centrality of the concept of class in cultural studies and sociology.  The book reopens the debates over class and culture that were very nearly closed down in postmodernism. Andrew Milner offers readers a critical introduction to the Marxist and Weberian accounts of class and relates the significance of class in the new social movements. He also looks at class politics and trends in the character of class relations.	1999-09-13	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803996465	Applied social psychology in India	Girishwar Misra		"The volume fills an important gap that exists in social-psychological research in India. The contributors present different perspectives. However, the unitary theme of social relevance and interdisciplinary perspective is highlighted. The contributors have provided some suggestions, but they have also indicated the anomalies in our social system. This adds to the merit of the book from a broader perspective. --Indian Psychological Abstracts and Reviews Providing a lively introduction to the field, Applied Social Psychology in India, represents the shift from laboratory-oriented research to problem-oriented naturalistic research. It provides a comprehensive analysis of research on deprivation, poverty, competence, population, political behavior, achievement motivation, social tension, and multilingualism.	1990-04-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761902614	Equal opportunity theory	Dennis E. Mithaug		A comprehensive and detailed explanation of the equal opportunity principle that influences social policy today is provided in this book. Dennis E Mithaug addresses the discrepancy between the right and the experience of self-determination and explains our collective responsibility for assuring fair prospects for self-determination for all. The logical, philosophical and psychological basis for equal opportunity theory is presented, as is the social and judicial background. Finally, the optimal prospects principle is examined.	1996-05-29	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803943483	Corporate political agency,the construction of competition in public affairs	Barry M. Mitnick		What factors affect the choice of political advocacy strategies by business firms? What agents do they use to influence the business and governmental environment? When should a corporation employ an outside agent such as a trade association, or rely on an in-house public affairs manager? In Corporate Political Agency, Mitnick brings together leading scholars to present a first-ever comprehensive overview of the burgeoning phenomenon of corporate political agency. Beginning with the basic theoretical concerns of understanding the competitive nature of the democratic system, this collection moves on to the practical considerations of choosing the means for political intervention and whether the various forms of public affairs activity chosen actually work as intended. Political and organizational science scholars, policymakers, and managers will find this book an essential resource on political activism in the business world. "Corporate Political Agency makes an important contribution to our theoretical and empirical analysis of the political role and impact of the contemporary business corporation. Business scholars, management practitioners, and public policy decision makers alike will be indebted to Professor Barry Mitnick for assembling in this comprehensive volume significant current research by himself and other leading scholars in the business and public policy field. The book enhances our understanding of the corporation in American politics as we approach the 21st century." --Edwin M. Epstein, Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley "Barry Mitnick helped develop agency theory. This book applies the concept to corporate political activity in ways that are indispensable to teachers and researchers. This is a 'must read' book. "This is an outstanding collection of papers on the application of agency theory to corporate political action. Barry Mitnick has clearly moved the field forward. "Our understanding of corporate political activity has been 'long on story, short on theory.' This book takes a big step toward closing that gap. Readers will be richly rewarded by the papers in this volume. "Corporate political activity is an enormously important subject in the 1990s. It is also widely misunderstood. The papers in this book shed a great deal of light on business and politics through the use of agency theory. Sound concepts, clear thinking, and good writing make this a very useful addition to your library." --James E. Post, Boston University	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803943490	Corporate political agency,the construction of competition in public affairs	Barry M. Mitnick		What factors affect the choice of political advocacy strategies by business firms? What agents do they use to influence the business and governmental environment? When should a corporation employ an outside agent such as a trade association, or rely on an in-house public affairs manager? In Corporate Political Agency, Mitnick brings together leading scholars to present a first-ever comprehensive overview of the burgeoning phenomenon of corporate political agency. Beginning with the basic theoretical concerns of understanding the competitive nature of the democratic system, this collection moves on to the practical considerations of choosing the means for political intervention and whether the various forms of public affairs activity chosen actually work as intended. Political and organizational science scholars, policymakers, and managers will find this book an essential resource on political activism in the business world. "Corporate Political Agency makes an important contribution to our theoretical and empirical analysis of the political role and impact of the contemporary business corporation. Business scholars, management practitioners, and public policy decision makers alike will be indebted to Professor Barry Mitnick for assembling in this comprehensive volume significant current research by himself and other leading scholars in the business and public policy field. The book enhances our understanding of the corporation in American politics as we approach the 21st century." --Edwin M. Epstein, Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley "Barry Mitnick helped develop agency theory. This book applies the concept to corporate political activity in ways that are indispensable to teachers and researchers. This is a 'must read' book. "This is an outstanding collection of papers on the application of agency theory to corporate political action. Barry Mitnick has clearly moved the field forward. "Our understanding of corporate political activity has been 'long on story, short on theory.' This book takes a big step toward closing that gap. Readers will be richly rewarded by the papers in this volume. "Corporate political activity is an enormously important subject in the 1990s. It is also widely misunderstood. The papers in this book shed a great deal of light on business and politics through the use of agency theory. Sound concepts, clear thinking, and good writing make this a very useful addition to your library." --James E. Post, Boston University	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803991064	Designing messages for development communication,an audience participation-based approach	Bella Mody		Accessible and practical, Designing Messages for Development Communication takes the reader step by step through the process of designing audience-responsive messages in the Third World. Bella Mody takes the media producer through an audience research-based methodology to bridge the cultural and informational distance between senders and receivers. A discussion of the origins and nature of media use in national development over the last 30 years forms the introductory background against which the author reviews the current research on media effects. Mody presents audience research as a systematic device for the involvement of message receivers in decisions concerning message design, that is, what the message needs to say and how. This volume instructs development and communication planners, as well as media workers, first to listen to the audience so as to determine which information the audience needs and in what form they can process it most effectively and, then, to pretest messages before they are produced in their final form. A valuable tool for the media producer's problem of the "invisible audience" in mass communication, this volume is essential reading not only for students and teachers of development communication, but for media users and media producers who produce messages to support development. "The book will be of great help to those who work in the field on the facilitating level, training people to be future trainers in the field of development supporting communication." --Massacommunicatie "In this very welcome book . . . the author has done a very good job of turning development (support) communication 'common sense' into 'practical academic sense.' She has shown in a practical way that it is not enough only to propound high-sounding academic theories about common sense-based participatory development communication and then fail to show how they work in real life, as many of us have done and continue to do. The author has married theory to practice by showing media practitioners how it can/has been done." --Media Development	1991	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803967083	Building bridges with parents,tools and techniques for counselors	Marilyn J. Montgomery		Find out how making yourself available to parents can mean a better life for students and their families. Includes a list of additional resources for further study.	1999-04-29	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781853964220	Curriculum in context	Bob Moon&Patricia Murphy		`A wealth of material for educators in schools, universities and other educational settings. They will also be a substantial resource for students undertaking higher degree studies in education.... Sure to make a significant contribution to policy development, educational practice and school reform in future.' - Teacher Development  This textbook provides an introduction to the historical, political, social and cultural influences that contribute to curriculum assessment and development. It examines a range of national developments which include policy level debates as well as comparative reviews of curriculum and assessment aims and values.  The majority of the chapters in the book are drawn fr	1999-02-22	Paul Chapman Publishing in association with The Open University						ZZZ000000
9788178290898	Growing up untouchable in India,a dalit autobiography	Vasant Moon		Translated from the Marathi by Gail Omvedt, Growing Up Untouchable in India is the first Dalit autobiography to be published in English. Moon s story is about his vasti, or neighborhood, and a community of people considered to be at the bottom of the caste hierarchy. It reveals a complex yet rich slum culture where Dalits are not seen merely as victims but as a community with strong bonds, striving and struggling to shed their sense of inferiority. The book provides an insider s insight into the struggles, pain, joys, and victories of people in the vasti where Moon grew up. Though this is the story of Moon s life, it develops into a rich narrative about the social and political history of the time. The story of an individual and a community has been woven into the larger realm of Indian politics, providing the readers a rare view of the events that led up to Independence.	2002-03-01	Vistaar						ZZZ000000
9781873942925	Positive People,A Self-Esteem Building Course for Young Children (Key Stages 1 & 2)	Claire Moore&Tina Rae		`What makes this book a potential winner is the way in which the underlying theoretical principles are first of all clearly outlined (no jargon here!) and then are fully developed in a series of practical activities. The book is crammed full of ideas... accessible worksheets... it is excellent... thoroughly recommend it' - Special  `This handbook is likely to be a very excellent addition to resource materials available for primary phase teachers to build on their knowledge of circle time and self-esteem activities. The structured format is very easy to follow and provides teachers with clearly planned activities to enable them to practice and extend their skills in this area' - Educational Psychology in Practice  This 12-session course for primary aged pupils builds on the Circle Time process to teach an extensive range of personal and social skills with activities and ideas for follow up work.  Strategies to teach include:   " listening " turn taking " accepting differences " giving and receiving compliments  " co-operating with others " confident speaking to peers.  Full lesson notes and beautifully drawn copiable resources provide everything a busy teacher needs to deliver this worthwhile programme of self-esteem activities.	2000-01-01	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780761904649	Women entrepreneurs,moving beyond the glass ceiling	Dorothy Perrin Moore&E. Holly Buttner		By analyzing the cases of 129 successful women entrepreneurs, the authors of Paths to Success explore the reasons for the rising number and success of women entrepreneurs in the United States. The authors consider: the driving forces which led the women to leave the organizational environment; the use of the organization as an incubator for entrepreneurship; the strategies employed immediately after making the move from the corporation; initial difficulties and entrepreneurial networking; and how these talented women measure success in their businesses. The book concludes with suggestions for future entrepreneurs and for organizations which wish to halt the mass exit of women from their corporate environments.	1997-07-22	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803956407	The male heterosexual,lust in his loins, sin in his soul?	Larry A. Morris		With the erosion in western society of the traditional code of masculinity and a move towards more balanced gender roles, male heterosexual development now faces a challenge.The Male Heterosexual explores biological, developmental psychological, sociocultural and historical perspectives of male sexuality. Larry A Morris deals with a range of issues surrounding male sexual development in a skilful and humorous manner. He concludes with a formula for cultivating healthy male sexuality.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781873942741	The Powerhouse,An All-in-One Resource for Building Self-Esteem in Primary Schools	Elizabeth Morris&Katie Morris		`The uncluttered worksheets in The Powerhouse provide a useful template to spark a childs imagination. The sections for pupil evaluations will help develop the skills of self-reflection: a necessary indicator of emotional intelligence. It is a good introduction to emotional literacy and a welcome addition to primary staffroom resources' - Mark Edwards, Times Educational Supplement  This copiable resource, developed from the work of Elizabeth Morris, Principal of the School of Emotional Literacy, is an  essential addition to primary school resources on self-esteem.  Designed as a teaching aid for the PSHE curriculum, the sections are graded from 5 to 7 years to 9 to 11 years, following the topics:  " All about me " Me and my world " You and me " My dreams and wishes " My daily dilemmas.   Each section contains teacher notes and photocopiable pupil activity worksheets.  The resource helps schools develop the emotional literacy of young people and can be linked to other curriculum topics.	2002-01-01	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178299198	Marx, Durkheim, Weber : Formations Of Modern Social Thought	Morrison		Thoroughly revised and expanded, this bestselling student text provides an authoritative, accessible guide to the three pivotal figures in the classical tradition.Readable and stimulating, and including a glossary of concepts containing over 150 entries, the book explains the key ideas of these thinkers and situates them in their historical and philosophical contexts. It provides the student with an immediate understanding of what is distinctive and relevant about these giants of sociology.For a decade, Marx, Dukheim, Weber has offered the best overall road map to the works of classical sociology and been required reading on undergraduate degree programmes. His new edition both refines the material, and extends the analysis. It will be invaluable to students of sociology, social theory and politics.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803963078	Face to face,communication and conflict resolution in the schools	Philip S. Morse&Allen E. Ivey		Among the greatest challenges faced by teachers and administrators are how to communicate effectively with students and how to resolve conflicts between them.  Face to Face discusses the communication skills and conflict resolution principles necessary for the smooth functioning of schools and the effective teaching of students. The authors present a number of methods for improving teacher-student communication including: the use of reflective listening; open-ended questions; mediation programmes; problem-solving models; and interactive exchange. The book establishes a correlation between good communication skills and positive student outcomes, and offers practical tips that will help improve communication in the school.	1996-04-30	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781853964527	Understanding pedagogy and its impact on learning	Peter Mortimore		`I commend it to anyone with a concern for teaching in any of its forms' -School Leadership & Management  In this controversial book, Peter Mortimore and a team from London University's Institute of Education explore what is meant by the term pedagogy.They investigate its context and describe some of the recent shifts in thinking about it.  Pedagogy affects the way hundreds of thousands of learners of different ages and stages are taught. Yet, until recently, it has been a neglected topic. Instead of having access to systematic evidence about its impact, innovative teachers have been guided only by ideological positions, folk wisdom and fashionable enthusiasms for particular approaches.	1999	Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803976757	The later Foucault,politics and philosophy	Jeremy Moss		Why does Foucault's work continue to be of central importance in current debates in sociology, political science and philosophy? Why do we still read him as a guide to contemporary social and cultural life?Foucault's work presents a provocative challenge to orthodox, habitual forms of belief and practice. The Later Foucault, with an impressive interdisciplinary focus, argues that one of the keys to understanding Foucault is his political thought. It is this which he expressed clearly in his last writings and which pulled together his earlier interests in power, agency and subjectivity. In this volume a distinguished array of Foucauldian scholars and commentators on politics explore the significance of these l	1998-05-21	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178296012	Cultivating Development : An Ethnography Of Aid Policy And Practice	Mosse		Based on a detailed account of an actual development project, this book addresses an important question: Is development practice actually driven by policy?Development agencies and researchers are preoccupied with policy; with exerting influence over policy; linking research to policy, and with implementing policy around the world. In this book, David Mosse argues that rather than being driven by policy, development practice is actually shaped by the exigencies of organisations and the need to maintain relationships. At the same time, however, development actors work hard at maintaining the fiction of representing authorised policy in their actions.This book (which can be characterised as being a social investigation) asks pertinent questions about international aid, in particular of British aid for rural development. It does so by examining in depth the experience of a development project in western India over a period of more than ten years and as it falls under different policy regimes. Mosse analyses development processes in the light of the broad experience of the project workers (which included himself), even if it means destabilising policy representations. The book is a compelling re-examination of the politics and ethics of engaging with development and a rare self-critical reflection practice.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761976325	Designing successful professional meetings and conferences in education,planning, implementation, and evaluation	Susan Mundry&Edward Britton&National Institute for Science Education (U.S.)&Senta A. Raizen&Susan Loucks-Horsley		This book provides guidance, tips, and suggestions for planning professional events that will result in substantial learning for participants. Written for professionals with all levels of experience, it is based on the authors' experiences with designing and conducting meetings.	2000-08-15	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803966086	Educational administration,a decade of reform	Joseph Murphy&Patrick B. Forsyth		Examines how well the educational administration reforms in Uniteed States as recommended by the National Commission in Educational Administration, have been implemented.  A valuable book for anyone involved in the educational administration process.	1999-02-09	Corwin Press in collaboration with the University Council for Educational Administration						ZZZ000000
9780803966093	Educational administration,a decade of reform	Joseph Murphy&Patrick B. Forsyth		Examines how well the educational administration reforms in Uniteed States as recommended by the National Commission in Educational Administration, have been implemented.  A valuable book for anyone involved in the educational administration process.	1999-02-09	Corwin Press in collaboration with the University Council for Educational Administration						ZZZ000000
9780803960794	Reshaping the principalship,insights from transformational reform efforts	Joseph Murphy&Karen Seashore Louis		This volume examines how the work of principals is being reshaped by transformational reform measures, as well as how the principals themselves are shaping initiatives. The authors explore the challenges and possiblities for principals in restructuring schools, and analyze nine case studies which highlight the changing role of the principal.	1994-03-15	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803960602	Restructuring schooling,learning from ongoing efforts	Joseph Murphy&Philip Hallinger		The editors of this volume aim to help educators make better decisions about their efforts at restructuring by showing what has and has not worked in some of the most widely known experiments. Because the programmes examined have been in place for several years, the cases offer richness of detail and a wealth of ideas. This book's insights and practical detail will benefit educators both in schools and at district level, as well as students and academics in the field.	1993-03-16	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803960619	Restructuring schooling,learning from ongoing efforts	Joseph Murphy&Philip Hallinger		The editors of this volume aim to help educators make better decisions about their efforts at restructuring by showing what has and has not worked in some of the most widely known experiments. Because the programmes examined have been in place for several years, the cases offer richness of detail and a wealth of ideas. This book's insights and practical detail will benefit educators both in schools and at district level, as well as students and academics in the field.	1993-03-16	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803960275	The landscape of leadership preparation,reframing the education of school administrators	Joseph Murphy		In this book, the author offers a new vision of the purpose of leadership preparation programmes, and a series of principles to guide the development of the knowledge base, instructional strategies and structures in defining future programmes.  The design presented is based on: lessons learned from an extensive review of training programmes over the last 100 years; an in-depth investigation into the problems currently plaguing preparation programmes, and an examination of the important changes likely to shape the future of education and educational leadership.	1992-09-09	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803963931	The privatization of schooling,problems and possibilities	Joseph Murphy		Focusing on an important emerging issue in United States' education - school reform via privatization - this book is designed to meet three major goals: to examine the foundations and the context of the privatization movement; to review the evidence on privatization in areas other than schooling; and to shape decisions about privatization in the school-reform arena.	1996-06-19	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761919919	The APSAC handbook on child maltreatment	John E. B. Myers&American Professional Society on the Abuse of Children		A resource of unparalleled thoroughness, The APSAC Handbook on Child Maltreatment, Second Edition provides critical information for those who dedicate their working lives to alleviating the causes and consequences of child abuse and neglect. Written in engaging but straightforward language and committed to immediate application, this comprehensive handbook covers physical and sexual abuse, all forms of neglect, and psychological maltreatment. Experts in a variety of specialized areas have designed each chapter to inform professionals in mental health, law, medicine, law enforcement, and child protective services of the most current empirical research and literature available as well as strategies for intervention and prevention. The new edition includes a thorough update on existing chapters that are retained; more detailed discussion of parent-child attachment issues and law enforcement aspects; more coverage of special topics such as Munchausen by proxy syndrome, child fatalities, and children's mental health services; more content on interviewing, especially of very young children; and more coverage of community approaches to prevention.nbsp;	2002	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761919926	The APSAC handbook on child maltreatment	John E. B. Myers&American Professional Society on the Abuse of Children		A resource of unparalleled thoroughness, The APSAC Handbook on Child Maltreatment, Second Edition provides critical information for those who dedicate their working lives to alleviating the causes and consequences of child abuse and neglect. Written in engaging but straightforward language and committed to immediate application, this comprehensive handbook covers physical and sexual abuse, all forms of neglect, and psychological maltreatment. Experts in a variety of specialized areas have designed each chapter to inform professionals in mental health, law, medicine, law enforcement, and child protective services of the most current empirical research and literature available as well as strategies for intervention and prevention. The new edition includes a thorough update on existing chapters that are retained; more detailed discussion of parent-child attachment issues and law enforcement aspects; more coverage of special topics such as Munchausen by proxy syndrome, child fatalities, and children's mental health services; more content on interviewing, especially of very young children; and more coverage of community approaches to prevention.	2002	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803964266	Re-creating schools,places where everyone learns and likes it	Charles B. Myers&Douglas J. Simpson		Their book presents a vision of a school in which teachers and students construct their knowledge rather than receive it from others. It gives practical steps to achieve this and addresses the necessary role changes of educators.	1998-02	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788178299112	Children And Youth With Asperger Syndrome : Strategies For Success In Inclusive Settings	Brenda Smith Myles		Asperger syndrome (AS) is a disorder in the autism spectrum, and students with AS suffer from similar, though milder, symptoms as students with autism. Classroom teachers who are responsible for planning for and teaching students with AS generally have not been provided the skills and knowledge to do so. Crafting and implementing plans for students is nearly impossible without a clear understanding of the disorder, or clearly defined instructional methods and strategies. Children and Youth With Asperger Syndrome provides important strategies in teaching children and youth diagnosed with AS. This essential resource for teachers and other educators presents research-based, instructional, behavioral, and environmental strategies for teachers, including:- Adaptations for success in general education settings- Environmental modifications, including visual supports and organizational strategies- Technology accommodations- Transition planning- Emotional, behavioral, and social supports Children and youth with AS are often misunderstood. These individuals have great potential that frequently remains unrealized because the modifications they require to be successful are not made. By using the practical strategies in this guide, however, educators can at last effectively meet the needs of students with AS.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761956785	Democracy and democratization,post-communist Europe in comparative perspective	John David Nagle&Alison Mahr		This wide-ranging overview of the processes of democratization in post-Communist Europe, places the transitions in East-Central Europe within a broad European and global context.   The authors begin with a introduction to the concept and theories of democracy and then examine the emerging politics of the new democracies to set the post-Communist transitions in longer-term comparative perspective with earlier and existing processes of democratization in  Southern Europe, Latin America, and East and Southeast Asia. Finally the politics of EU accession are introduced to place the transitions within the wider context of European integration.  Concluding with a summary of recent critiques of modern democ	1999	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781904315421	Remembering,Providing Support for Children Aged 7 to 13 Who Have Experienced Loss and Bereavement	Lorna Nelson&Tina Rae		`This book is easy to read and the accompanying computer CD of worksheets to print out is particularly useful' - Bereavement Care  All children experience loss, often a death or a family separation; sometimes a friend moves away or a pet dies. Loss is the inevitable consequence of the positive experience of attachment.  In this beautiful book Tina and Lorna offer teachers a resource that will support their understanding of the process and facilitate a range of activities which:  - acknowledge the experience of loss  - allow the expression of pain, fear, sadness  - present the process as a shared experience  - encourage communication  - facililate recovery.   This range of sensitive, positive and emotionally literate activities can be used in whole class, small group or individual settings and sit well in several primary and secondary PSCHE curriculum areas.	2004-09-01	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9788178298986	Basic Counselling Skills : A Helper`S Manual	Richard Nelson-Jones		Basic Counselling Skills, second edition, is a practical introduction for anyone using counselling skills in the course of their work. Written by leading skills expert, Richard Nelson-Jones, the second edition of this highly popular text provides a thorough, step-by-step guide to the subject, working through the stages of the helping process. Each succinct chapter describes the skills used at a particular point in the relationship and provides examples to increase understanding. Exercises are also included which allow you to practise your skills as you go along.The key skills covered include:- starting and structuring the helping process- active listening- offering challenges and feedback- facilitating problem-solving- coaching, demonstrating and rehearsing- strategies for changing thinking- conducting and terminating helpingThe book also discusses multicultural and gender aware helping, ethical issues, supervision and becoming more skilled.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781412961523	Sociology,Exploring the Architecture of Everyday Life	David M. Newman		DISCOUNTED BUNDLE SAVES YOUR STUDENTS MONEY!This book is available bundled with Sociology: Exploring the Architecture of Everyday Life Readings, Seventh Edition (bundle ISBN: 978-1-4129-6151-6) "When I first started teaching, I looked through tons of textbooks (and have repeated the process a couple of times since then). I have never found another textbook that I like as much as your book. I feel like it does the best job of showing students how to incorporate sociology into their own lives of any text I have seen. I also think your book does an excellent job of explaining symbolic interactionism and helping students understand the differences between the three theoretical perspectives." -Heather Shay, Instructor and Ph.D. Student in SociologyThe Seventh Edition of David Newman's Sociology: Exploring the Architecture of Everyday Life invites students to delve into the fascinating world of sociological thought. Encouraging students to think more about how sociology applies to their everyday lives, this edition features updated coverage and fresh examples, including revamped micro-macro connections to help students understand the link between individual lives and the structure of society. New to the Seventh Edition Presents new and updated coverage throughout, including new sections on Muslim-Americans, global warming, and sexual orientationFeatures Newman's signature compelling writing style with slightly briefer chapters and integrated global content in each for a better fit with today's courses Provides a more robust research methods section with innovative discussions of spuriousness in research, reading a research article correctly, and more, plus a new Doing Social Research feature Offers new examples from the myriad U.S. subcultures to engage students with examples that are relevant to their lives Features new and updated Micro-Macro Connections, including technology and erosion of privacy, the global health divide, and more, to help students make the link between their daily lives and the architecture of society Includes fresh examples and updated statistical information throughout the text, along with new exhibits and impactful visual essays Ancillaries Instructor's Resources on CD-Rom are available to qualified instructors. Contact SAGE at info@sagepub.com or 1.800.818.7243 to request a copy.Student study site at www.pineforge.com/newman7study Intended AudienceThis core text is designed for students enrolled in Introduction to Sociology and Principles of Sociology courses in departments of sociology.	2008-01	Pine Forge Press						ZZZ000000
9781412961509	Sociology,Exploring the Architecture of Everyday Life > Readings	David M. Newman&Jodi A. O'Brien		DISCOUNTED BUNDLE SAVES YOUR STUDENTS MONEY!This book is available bundled with Newman's core text Sociology: Exploring the Architecture of Everyday Life, Seventh Edition (bundle ISBN: 978-1-4129-6151-6)This companion anthology provides provocative, eye-opening examples of the practice of sociology in a well-edited, well-designed, and affordable reader format. It includes short articles, chapters, and excerpts that examine common everyday experiences, important social issues, and distinct historical events that illustrate the relationship between the individual and society. New to the Seventh EditionPresents expanded coverage of global issues and world religions Features new readings that focus on globalization, macro-structure, post-9/11 conditions, and various ways that race, social class, gender, and sexual orientation intersect to influence daily experiencesExpanded focus on sociological theory and methodologiesIntended Audience This text is designed as a supplement for students enrolled in undergraduate introductory sociology courses.	2008-01-07	Pine Forge Press						ZZZ000000
9780761907961	Evaluating mental health services,how do programs for children "work" in the real world?	Carol T. Nixon&Denine A. Northrup		This book addresses evaluation issues relating to community-based mental health services for children and young people with emotional and behavioural problems.  The contributors discuss recent evaluations of the effectiveness of systems of care and specific intervention strategies. In addition to describing their individual research, they consider: issues facing researchers conducting mental health evaluation; limitations of evaluation in mental health services; and implications for future research.	1997-01-27	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761975274	Help! It's an Indoor Recess Day	Dori E. Novak		Indoor recesses are dreaded by teachers. They are usually a surprise, and the teacher has a classroom full of kids who are used to letting off steam mid-way through the morning or afternoon learning activities. Teachers who are not on recess duty also look forward to that break to recover and take care of necessities. This is the first book to give a comprehensive collection of innovative ideas and creative management strategies for surviving indoor recess. The fun ideas and game strategies can be used separately from indoor recess as well. The approach will be practical, hands-on, and humorous. The illustrations will be reproducible pages for activities. The author's goals for the book are to: - Provide teachers with a straightforward, easy to implement strategy for the effective management of indoor recess. - Offer the information in a fun-to-read, entertaining styles that reassures teachers they are not alone with this challenge. - Leave the reader not only excited and determined to try the ideas right away, but also anxious to share the book with as many colleagues as possible.	2000-04-15	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803967342	You don't have to dread cafeteria duty,a guide to surviving lunchroom, recess, bus, and "other duties as assigned"	Dori E. Novak&Joanne C. Wachter&Joanne C. Strohmer		Here are dozens of useful ideas you can use to turn nonclassroom interactions between students and staff into affirming, encouraging--and even learning--experiences for everyone.	1998-05-05	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803946361	Human development in cultural context,a third world perspective	A. Bame Nsamenang		A comprehensive, systematic account of human development which is sensitive to the needs, interests and ecologies of nonwestern cultures and individuals is provided in this unique volume. The importance and value of the sociocultural milieu in shaping the growth and development of children is emphasized, and the author asserts throughout that children do not grow and develop according to the same patterns regardless of culture.The author describes developmental psychology from the perspective of West Africa, demonstrating how the local ecology and the resulting cultural ideology lead to differing ways in which children are conceptualized and socialized, and in turn how they develop. While much of his case material is from	1992-05-26	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803989061	Theorising welfare,enlightenment and modern society	Martin O'Brien&Sue Penna		' Theorising Welfare is very well written and painstakingly clear. It is an accessible and original textbook on the welfare state and the idea of welfare. There is nothing available like it in terms of its scope and intellectual sweep' - Scott Lash, University of Lancaster  There are many interpretations of welfare and welfare states, each providing insights into different aspects of welfare and pointing to different possibilities for its future. Theorising Welfare provides a guide to these debates through an examination of seven theoretical perspectives - liberalism, Marxism, neo-liberalism, post-structuralism, political economy, political ecology and postmodernism - situating them within their histor	1998	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780826453129	Solution-focused stress counselling	Bill O'Connell		`A strength of the book is that the solution-focused therapy process was clearly identified in a step-by-step procedure, with many examples of specific dialogues and strategies that would be appropriate with a client.  Overall the book presented a coverage of the theoretical and application components of solution-focused counselling that would be valuable reference for health psychologist or allied-health professionals working in a stress-counselling role' - Journal of Family Studies  Solution-focused therapy is of growing interest to a wide range of professional not only because of the tight time limits within which so many have to work; counsellors are increasingly open to using a variety of approaches based on what is most helpful to their clients in their particular contexts. This book aims to help practitioners to extend their therapeutic repertoire of interventions by explaining clearly how solution-focused skills can help clients.  Written for a wide range of professionals - psychologists, counsellors, social workers, probation officers, and mental health workers - this solution-focussed therapy manual looks at organizational and work-related stress, and on developing solutions for groups.	2001	Continuum						ZZZ000000
9780803962170	Educating teachers for leadership and change	Mary John O'Hair&Sandra J. Odell		In consideration of the new and varied leadership roles teachers are expected to fill as schools restructure and reform, this collection offers an insightful vision of the changes needed in teacher education to prepare teachers to be proactive leaders. Contributors reflect on key aspects of contexts, processes, communication and curriculum. Topics discussed include: occupational stress; special preparation of urban teachers; peer coaching and collaboration; communication skills; and workplace barriers to leadership development.	1995-01-18	Corwin Press, Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780803959880	Taking a bite out of crime,the impact of the National Citizens' Crime Prevention Media Campaign	Garrett J. O'Keefe		This accessibly written book presents a case study of a major United States initiative aimed at increasing public awareness of how citizens can protect themselves and others from crime. It examines the development and content of the 14-year long campaign and evaluates its impact on the public. The state-of-the-art data presented from this extensive survey on the public's perceptions, attitudes and behaviours with respect to crime leads to the authors providing excellent recommendations for future campaigns.	1996-08-07	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761952176	Adorno, culture and feminism	Maggie O'Neill		Adorno, Culture and Feminism brings Adorno's work and feminism together, and explores how feminism can both harness and develop Adorno's ideas. The picture that emerges displays how gendered relations and cultural practices and texts operate today, and the relevance of critical theory for contemporary feminisms.  Adorno's work on the scale of inequality and repression in the administered society is presented as matching the feminist understanding of the unequal balance of power between the sexes. This volume shows how Adorno's central concepts - commodification, authenticity, the culture industry, Kulturkritik, negative dialectics, non-identity thinking and authoritarian personality - can be used productively and purposefully in feminist thinking.	1999-05-10	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853962394	High-technology new firms,variable barriers to growth	Raymond P. Oakey		There has been a tendency for public and private industrial support agencies to adopt a common approach to providing aid to new high-technology firms, both at the time of start-up, and during the early years of the business.  This systematic analysis confirms that such a crude approach to high-technology new firm funding is inappropriate, since the potential for rapid early growth varies sharply between the three high-technology sectors of biotechnology, software and electronics, which were examined. A close investigation of the sectoral variations in the formation and early growth characteristics of new firms in these sectors provide valuable insights on both policy and theory. In particular, it is noted that the formation skills of the founder (or founders) have a strongly determining influence on the scope for choice of the founding technological base of the firm. In turn, exploitation of the initiating technology may involve substantial expenditure prior to any return on such investment. Indeed, seen in this light, many high-technology growth sectors appear to have been defined by high levels of expenditure rather than net income, which is not a recipe for rapid returns on investment.	1995-03-16	Paul Chapman Pub., Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781853963254	Cities, economic competition, and urban policy	Nick Oatley		This book is a comprehensive and authoritative account of the major realignment that has taken place in English regeneration policy and practice since 1991. It analyzes the changes which have led to an emphasis in policy on competitiveness, integrated approaches to economic decline and social exclusion, and the shift away from formula-driven funding mechanisms towards controversial competitive bidding. It also examines changes in governance practices, the spread of multisector partnerships, the `new localism' and the emergence of a contract culture.  The book concludes with a summary of contemporary policy themes and an assessment of the Labour Government's policy proposals.	1998	Paul Chapman Pub.						ZZZ000000
9780761976523	Reallocating resources,how to boost student achievement without asking for more	Allan Odden&Sarah Archibald		Real-life examples show how schools have achieved improved education through a five-step processwithout new monies!	2001	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761996651	Buddhism in India,challenging Brahmanism and caste	Gail Omvedt		As a consequence of the recent activities and utterances of the aggressive forces of Hinduism (or Hindutva), the twin issues of religion and identity are at the forefront of social and political discourse in India. This has also led to a growing interest in Buddhism and a reconsideration of the role of Christianity and Islam in India as well as given rise to a far-reaching reassessment of the cultural, spiritual and artistic heritage of the subcontinent. /-//-/This fascinating book constitutes a unique exploration of 2,500 years of the development of Buddhism, Brahmanism and caste in India, taking Dr Ambedkar`s interpretation of Buddhism as its starting point. Providing an entirely new interpretation of the origins and development of the caste system, which boldly challenges the `Hindutva` version of history, this book will attract a wide readership among all those who are concerned with the state of contemporary India`s polity and social fabric.	2003	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803966994	Balancing the tensions of change,eight keys to collaborative educational renewal	Russell T. Osguthorpe&Robert S. Patterson		Written to help administrators and teachers deal effectively with the tensions that arise in collaborative work, this book identifies eight positive tensions that emerge when unlikely partners join together to work toward common goals. The authors describe the type of `role flexibility' that is needed in collaborative change initiatives, and suggest ways for developing this flexibility among all participants.	1998	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803952300	Gender issues in contemporary society	Stuart Oskamp&Mark Costanzo		During the past two decades, the study of how gender influences social life has moved from the outskirts to the centre of psychology. Some of psychology's most cherished assumptions have been challenged and feminist scholars proposed alternative views of human development, research methods, cognitive functioning, family life and communication. These challenges have invigorated many areas of psychology.Distinctive in its emphasis on applied issues that have practical importance in the lives of women and men, this volume presents current knowledge about key gender issues and sheds light on problems and controversies. Specific issues explored include: gender differences in emotion; desire for control; attitudes towards leader	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803938526	People's reactions to technology in factories, offices, and aerospace	Stuart Oskamp&Shirlynn Spacapan		How does the pace and pervasiveness of new technology impact on the individual? As technology becomes an ever-increasing part of our lives, the overall significance of this question will undoubtedly grow. In People's Reactions to Technology, an impressive team of contributors focuses on computerization of offices, use of robots in factories, and advanced technology in the aerospace industry to answer this question. Fascinating perspectives on how technology infiltrates everyday American life are provided, as well as stimulating reports on the latest research in this rapidly changing and richly diverse field. People's Reactions to Technology is an excellent resource for researchers, practitioners, and scholars in social psychology, organization studies, and sociology interested in gaining insight and knowledge about implementing technology in various settings. "The editors and authors represented here have produced a rich, well-written, carefully edited, fully referenced collection of papers on one of the most critical and ubiquitous issues of our day--how we cope with and respond to the technological world that we have created." --Personnel Psychology	1990	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803974241	Understanding and preventing HIV risk behavior,safer sex and drug use	Stuart Oskamp&Suzanne Clare Thompson		"The AIDS epidemic continues to grow in this country and around the world. Currently, the only hope of stopping this tragedy is through interventions that change individual behavior. This book provides an excellent overview of current knowledge and research on how to promote the behaviors of safer sex and safer drug use, which will slow down the spread of HIV. It will be a useful resource for researchers who examine HIV prevention and for community workers and clinicians who wish to use sound, well-tested techniques for their intervention work. In addition, the book can serve as a thorough introduction for students who are new to the area of behavioral research on HIV and AIDS." --from the Overview by Suzanne C. Thompson & Stuart Oskamp Bringing together some of the most active and respected researchers in the field, this volume presents a state-of-the-art, integrated examination of behavioral research aimed at reducing the transmission of HIV. In almost 20 years of battling the AIDS epidemic, one theme has consistently emerged: The solution to stopping the spread of the AIDS virus rests with individual behavior. Understanding and Preventing HIV Risk Behavior grapples with the critical question of how to influence people to change high-risk behaviors, particularly in sexual activity and drug use. The contributors take an in-depth look at the most current HIV and AIDS epidemiological findings; the information-motivation-behavioral skills model of risk behavior; and empirical analyses of contraceptive decision making, denial processes, and the role of attraction in heterosexual behavior. This timely volume also examines research with special populations, including African American youths, Latinos, both gay and straight residents of HIV-impacted communities, active drug users, and adolescents in countries that have different AIDS risk levels and public health policies. Representing the latest in research on safer sex and altering drug use behaviors, Understanding and Preventing HIV Risk Behavior will be a valuable resource for HIV-prevention researchers, community workers, and clinicians who want to utilize research findings in their HIV intervention programs. This volume will also benefit students seeking an up-to-date overview of research on HIV/AIDS risk behavior.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803977662	Nietzsche, politics, and modernity,a critique of liberal reason	David Owen		Written in a clear and engaging style, this text demonstrates Nietzsche's significance as a philosopher and as a political theorist by highlighting his critique of liberalism (in both its philosophical and political forms) and by elaborating the form of ethical and political understanding which his philosophy discloses.  In describing Nietzsche's diagnosis of the modern condition, this book explains the central aspects of his thought including the will to power, the Overman and amor fati. David Owen traces the relevance of Nietzsche's philosophy to current debates in political theory and engages with key figures such as MacIntyre, Taylor, Rorty and Rawls. Owen argues that the liberalism of the latter two can be seen a	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761994343	Coping with liberalisation,the industry's response to new competition	P. S. Palande		This is a study of Indian industry's response to and strategy for coping with the far-reaching economic reforms and changes in industrial policy initiated in the nineties. The book examines how industry has braced itself to face the challenges of both domestic and external competition.	2000-06-17	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9780803975026	Client assessment	Stephen Palmer&Gladeana McMahon		'This chunky little book is packed with interesting approaches to the currently fashionable area of client assessment.... This is a book for any counsellor or counsellor trainee's shelf, a necessary reference for the sound professional' - Counselling News'The comprehensive series of essays... is a timely contribution.... This book is about being professional and effective... a valuable multimodal life inventory for use with clients is provided' - Counselling, The Journal of The British Association for CounsellingWhat information will help you assess the therapeutic needs of a client? Could you identify a suicidal client? How can you tell whether or not you are working with appropriate clients? Answering these and other questions, this book sheds light on a crucial, but often neglected, area of counselling. The authors provide clear guidelines, backed up by practice points, which clarify the assessment, monitoring and evaluation of clients.The book adopts a broad approach, transcending specific counselling theories and covering the main issues involved at key stages in the client/counsellor relationship - from the initial contact, through monitoring of the therapeutic programme, to ending the counselling process. Areas examined include: assessing the best type of therapy for each client; identifying the client's therapeutic goals; history taking; referral; and evaluating goal achievement.Gladeanna McMahon is presenter of the ITV programme Dial A Mum.	1997-05-05	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761951063	The future of counselling and psychotherapy	Stephen Palmer&Ved P. Varma		`A thought-provoking volume, and one that brings an expanded perspective... Some aspects are unsettling, some frightening, some so distasteful that my reaction is to find another gig should the future be thus. But I did find myself rethinking at idle moments and rereading most of the volume. The works therein contributed to my own perspective. Well worth buying' - American Journal of Pastoral Counseling`I was admiring of those chapters which took a wide view... This book can be seen as a read-out of a number of attitudes within the profession and within society. Some are partisan or competitive, occupied with the self-justification and proselytizing that is likely to lead to in-fighting. Others see the larger task, the aware repositioning that needs to happen when the world is moving on... this is a book worth reading for the depth and the width of much that is written in it, and not just as a hologram of the present state of the profession. Many contributors give evidence of the self-examination, the awareness of the environment, the largeness of vision and the strictness with self that are prerequisites for humility and learning. They look cautiously forward, both to what might be reached through the profession's best work, and to the reductionist, production-line future that might be a worst outcome of regulation, of confluence and complacent self-interest' - Self & Society`Many authors discuss some common themes for the future... that include increased use of short-term, problem-specific, cost-efficient forms of therapy... all [chapters] were compelling... interesting and readable' - Contemporary Psychology`From the plethora of counselling books to be found in any reputable bookstore these days, this is one I recommend you to buy. The ten chapters give us a flavour of differing philosophical approaches to counselling and psychotherapy. At the same time they provide a medium where leading exponents in the field can share their experience of practice and give their hunches as to where we may be heading as a profession. It makes for a fascinating read: it describes exciting developments already underway and gives a critique of where some developments have been less than helpful... For anyone training, practising, tutoring or designing training courses I would recommend this as a thought-provoking, timely book' - Dialogue`A book with many benefits... on reading this book, the reader is made very aware that the psychotherapeutic professions are embedded in a social and political world. Illustrations are plenty and exceptionally well chosen. For example, Holmes highlights how historical events such as the World Wars or the study of communication systems affected the development of psychotherapeutic systems... examples are clear and thoughtfully put' - British Psychological Society Counselling Psychology Review`The book is enriched by a number of American contributions... I would certainly recommend Palmer and Varma's book as one containing a good cross-section of views about what the millennium holds for counselling' - Counselling, The Journal of The British Association for Counselling`The contributors are... an eminent and eclectic line-up. Each chapter focuses in one way or another on professional, clinical and philosophical issues and on predictions for the field... this is a stimulating collection of views by experienced therapists. It is thoughtful, often contentious and avoids rose-tinted self-satisfaction... This book contains well-written and important polemical and prophetic material, and all trainees and reflective practitioners would benefit from engaging with the diversity of themes presented by the editors. Arguably, none of us involved in the field can practise with integrity unless we are prepared to question the basis, purpose and future of our work' - British Journal of Guidance & Counselling`[An] interesting book..	1997-06-09	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761955351	Thinking about management,implications of organizational debates for practice	Ian Palmer&Cynthia Hardy		`Palmer and Hardy are.. certain to inform and challenge.' - Industrial Relations Journal  `This book is rich and thought-provoking in content and alert in its approach. It cleverly demonstrates that the field of management is a patchwork of ideas' - Leadership and Organization Development Development Journal  This radical text presents central management questions that managers and students need to work with and understand. Key debates in management theory are taken out of their academic setting and discussed in relation to management experience. Exercises, examples, illustrations and summaries bring the problems and dilemmas alive for the student. From people management to organizational culture; leadership to learning; institutional power to individual innovation; the multi-faceted territory of management is explored and opened up.	2000	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178291888	Gandhi, freedom, and self-rule	Anthony Parel		In this volume, seven leading Gandhi scholars write on Gandhi s four meanings of freedom: as sovereign national independence, as the political freedom of the individual, as freedom from poverty, and as the capacity for self-rule or spiritual freedom; engaging the reader in the ongoing debates in the East and the West and contributing to a new comparative political theory.	2002-06-01	Vistaar Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761952428	Organizational culture and identity,unity and division at work	Martin Parker		Organizational Culture and Identity discusses the literature concerned with culture in organizations and explains why the term has been invoked with such enthusiasm. Martin Parker presents further ways of thinking about organizations and culture which suggest that organizational cultures should be seen as `fragmented unities' in which members identify themselves as collective at some times and divided at others.	2000-01-28	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761953760	Social constructionism, discourse, and realism	Ian Parker		Social Constructionism, Discourse, and Realism charts a clear and accessible path through some of the key debates in contemporary social psychology. Drawing on the wider critical and discursive turn in the human sciences, it explores comprehensively the many claims about what we can know of reality in social constructionist and discursive research in psychology. Key questions addressed by an internationally renowned cast of contributors include: + Should pragmatic and relativist views of meaning and the world necessarily be adopted by discourse analysts? + Where is "the real" in contemporary critical research in psychology? + How does the turn-to-language affect, encourage, or inhibit perspectives for change? These relativist versus realist tensions go to the heart of current theoretical and methodological issues, not only within psychology but across the social and human sciences. By mapping the connections between theory, method, and politics in social research and placing these within the context of the broader social constructionist and discursive debates, this wide ranging book offers the reader an invaluable survey of the current debates. Social Constructionism, Discourse, and Realism will be essential reading for all students of social psychology, social constructionism, discourse analysis, and the philosophy of social sciences.	1998	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803964488	When students choose content,a guide to increasing motivation, autonomy, and achievement	Jeff Passe		Evidence shows that involving students in the curricular decision-making process contributes to improvements in student autonomy and self-regulation, discipline, motivation and overall educational success. Drawing on the author's experience, this step-by-step guide will help teachers to plan and implement this innovative teaching model.	1996-08-23	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761997115	Meeting the mental health needs of developing countries,NGO innovations in India	Vikram Patel&R. Thara		A worthwhile collection of experiences from several non-governmental organizations (NGOs) across India in the field of mental health.... A useful sourcebook in gaining insight of the various non-formal efforts in mental health care delivery in India' - "Psychological Medicine """In the third world, research evidence shows that mental disorders are amongst the commonest and most disabling health problems in the community. The enormous scale of the burden of mental illness becomes worse because of poor access and availability of appropriate health care for most of the sufferers. The non-governmental organizations (NGOs) have played an important role in filling gaps and innovating new models of health care in under-served populations, but their work has rarely been documented. This book is the first comprehensive documentation of the NGO movement that deals with mental health problems in India. It has brought together 17 different NGOs from all regions of the country. They deal with a wide range of mental health and allied issues, from severe mental disorders to substance abuse to trauma and violence to suicide prevention and dementia in the elderly. Successes and limitations of each NGO as a service provider have been critically examined. This book also demonstrates the innovative methods adopted by the NGOs to meet the needs and challenges of mental health. In the last chapter, the editors have drawn lessons from the experience of the NGOs and have linked them to the thematic issues pertaining to the NGO role in mental health services in the country.	2003-05-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781873942192	Diet of Despair,A Book about Eating Disorders for Young People and Their Families	Anna Paterson		SPECIAL MENTION TES/NASEN BEST ACADEMIC BOOK AWARD  `Anna has written a very descriptive book of her feeling and the difficult times she went through as she struggled with anorexia. The book gives advice, recovery ideas and encouragement for those who suffer eating disorders' - International Woman  `I enjoyed her style of writing and would certainly recommend this book to anyone interested in eating disorders' - Signpost  `Provides a valuable insight into how a young person with an eating disorder thinks and feels' - Contact a Family   `The style is clear and engaging and ought to reach young people who are experiencing difficulties. The level of information contained would be of equal value to the families of these young people in helping them understand the emotions of their loved ones' - Educational Psychology  Looking in the bathroom mirror for the first time since my illness had begun, I saw how I really looked. I was a walking skeleton, with my skin stretched tight over my bones. My face had become a skull, and when I smiled, it looked like I was wearing a horror mask.  Anna has suffered a serious eating disorder and, more importantly, she has recovered!  In this book she provides the reader with:  " a moving account of her experiences " information about eating disorders " a plan for recovery " HOPE.  The book is intended for young people and their families, and all those who care for children at risk.	2002-01-01	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781873942949	Running on Empty,A Novel about Eating Disorders for Teenage Girls	Anna Paterson		`I would recommend  Running on Empty to young people suspecting they or someone they know may have an eating disorder' - Signpost  `The book is easy to read and deals with the issue of eating disorders in a matter of fact style, offering sensible advice' - Educational Psychology in Practice  `A book to recommend to any young person to increase understanding, as well as to sufferers, their families and friends' - Times Educational Supplement  WINNER OF TES/NASEN BEST ACADEMIC BOOK AWARD 2002  Running on Empty is a fictional work about three teenage girls who have some eating problems. Anna Paterson, who runs a support Internet service, has drawn on her extensive experience to explore the different effects on each girl. She describes the difficulties they face as secrets are disclosed and treatment is embarked upon.  Anna's hope is that young people who suffer from an eating disorder anorexia, bulimia or bingeing will recognise the condition, feel safer talking to someone and that the stories will provide a means of support. It is also a useful book for peers who are free of eating difficulties but who can gain insight and compassion from the book. An essential teenage read.  This is Anna's third book about eating disorders.	2002-01-01	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9788178299235	Change Management, 3E : A Guide To Effective Implementation	Paton		This updated third edition edition of a popular text on change management guides readers through the technological, organizational and people-oriented strategies that managers use to implement change.Revised to include power and politics, culture and gender, the authors have also added international case studies that set change management within the context of globalization.Change Management provides readers with frameworks for applying different models of change to different scenarios; offers proactive approaches to change that relate to business performance and gives practical, step-by-step guidance on handling change.Undergraduate and post graduate students as well as practitioners who use this book will gain a greater understanding of how best to approach and manage complex change situations.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761914709	The handbook of social welfare management	Rino J. Patti		A compendium of every aspect of social welfare management and the ultimate reference book, this volume: introduces the field of social welfare management; examines the organizational background of social welfare; discusses the various tasks and roles of the social welfare manager; and considers specific fields of care such as mental health, families and children, and older people.	2000	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761950806	Collecting in contemporary practice	Susan Pearce&Susan M. Pearce		This clear and lively book provides an illuminating analysis of collecting as a major social and individual phenomenon in contemporary society.The book is based on the understanding of collecting practice, rather than the collections themselves. It highlights the significance of collecting in relation to the cultural process, popular culture, contemporary attitudes to material culture and the idea of collecting as a postmodern activity.Susan Pearce presents both quantitative and qualitative information from a broad spectrum of contemporary collectors and relates their collecting to broader issues of consumption, gender, family and social class. Accessible and original, Collecting in Contemporary Practice will be of	1998-03-23	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780826451958	The Heart of Listening	Rosalind Pearmain		This, the latest book from 'The School of Psychotherapy and Counselling Series' of Regent's College, is an intriguing book which explores complex areas and is recommended for the more experienced practitioner' - Counsellingbooks.com  This book focuses in depth on how attention and the heart are involved in relating to others. The author draws in both west and west to illuminate this often neglected aspect of psychotherapeutic work. Sufic and Yogic approaches to heart consciousness are given as well as those from contemporary scientific studies which are discovering the heart's intelligence. Also drawing on contemporary contribution from cognitive psychology, neuroscience, Rosalind Pearmain describes the moment-by-moment process of relational contract in terms of an arc of attunement, amplification and reverberation and offers practical exercises to develop our heart's capacities to respond to others.  `Intriguing.. extraordinary.. skillfull...' Counselling News	2001-06-15	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780826457837	The heart of listening,attentional qualities in psychotherapy	Rosalind Pearmain		This, the latest book from 'The School of Psychotherapy and Counselling Series' of Regent's College, is an intriguing book which explores complex areas and is recommended for the more experienced practitioner' - Counsellingbooks.com  This book focuses in depth on how attention and the heart are involved in relating to others. The author draws in both west and west to illuminate this often neglected aspect of psychotherapeutic work. Sufic and Yogic approaches to heart consciousness are given as well as those from contemporary scientific studies which are discovering the heart's intelligence. Also drawing on contemporary contribution from cognitive psychology, neuroscience, Rosalind Pearmain describes the moment-by-moment process of relational contract in terms of an arc of attunement, amplification and reverberation and offers practical exercises to develop our heart's capacities to respond to others.  `Intriguing.. extraordinary.. skillfull...' Counselling News	2001	Continuum						ZZZ000000
9780803932104	Counseling and social support,perspectives and practice	Richard E. Pearson		This practice-orientated text provides counsellors with concrete procedures while also giving them a conceptual background that can contribute to informed, flexible practice. It begins with an overview of social support theory and research and then considers the manner in which the major trends and findings can be applied to various stages and components of counselling practice: screening and intake, assessment, interventions with individuals, group interventions, system-focused interventions, follow-up and primary prevention.	1990-03-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803961722	A handbook for teacher leaders	Leonard O. Pellicer&Lorin W. Anderson		This book charts a course for developing and implementing an effective peer assistance and review program based on long-standing, successful programs.	1995-03-21	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803968172	Collaborative observation,putting classroom instruction at the center of school reform	Karen H. Peters&Judith K. March		Helps pave the way for improved student performance, better-designed classroom instruction, and sustained teacher growth.	1999-05-11	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761910695	Electronic marketing and the consumer	Robert Allen Peterson		Electronic Marketing and the Consumer provides comprehensive and current information on a wide range of marketing techniques including: direct response radio and television; computers and the  Internet; facsimile machines; telephone-based technologies; videography; interactive kiosks; pagers; optical scanners; electronic ticket machines; and `smart cards'.  Real-world cases and practical insights are provided from the experiences of major consumer marketers such as Mary Kay Cosmetics and Dell Computer. Robert A Peterson gives expert advice on the future of electronic marketing and its likely impact on consumer behaviour and society.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803979895	Reconstructing old age,new agendas in social theory and practice	Chris Phillipson		In this timely and authoritative overview on social gerontology and social theory, Chris Phillipson outlines the changing contexts and experiences associated with later life as we move into a new century. The book critically reviews the different theoretical explanations which attempt to explain these changes.  Phillipson shows how in late modernity changes to pensions, employment and retirement, and intergenerational relations, are placing doubt on the meaning of growing old. He suggests that later life is being reconstructed as a period of potential choice on the one hand, but also of risk and danger on the other.  This book will be essential reading for students and academics in social gerontology, as well as for students and academics in sociology, social policy and related disciplines interested in the future of an ageing population and the future of social gerontology.	1998	Sage Publication						ZZZ000000
9781412944830	Engaging 'tweens and teens,a brain-compatible approach to reaching middle and high school students	Raleigh Philp		Gain a solid understanding of the basic neurobiology behind adolescent behaviors and invigorate your teaching practices using music, movement, and brain-based activities.	2006-09	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788178290386	Development Theory : Deconstructions/Reconstructions	Pieterse		The thoughts and works of one of the leading commentators on the theory and policy of development are contained in this volume. The book looks widely over issues of Eurocentricism, critical globalism, intercultural transaction, delinking and post-development theory and presents ideas for the future of the field.	2001-04-09	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803987777	Emancipations, modern and postmodern	Jan Nederveen Pieterse		This outstanding reappraisal of emancipation reviews the meaning of the concept and the use to which it is put in social and political theory.The appeal of emancipation is portrayed here as a concept which can embrace old and new social movements and the ideas of liberation, participation and empowerment. The areas on which the book focuses are Marxism and postmarxism, democracy and social movements, feminism and development theory.	1992-11-02	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803961432	Experiencing diversity,toward educational equity	Frank Pignatelli		This volume provides a penetrating look at reform efforts that affirm equal opportunity yet at the same time continue to maintain structures that preserve inequity. Contributors examine ways to achieve greater educational equity and, through inquiry and exploration, offer several paths for thought and action.	1994-06-01	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803975057	Psychotherapy and society	David Pilgrim		`This is a very important book.... This is a book that clearly challenges those of us who subscribe to a view of the self in relationship with society to examine ourselves and our practices and respond appropriately' - Self & Society </B>This pioneering book demonstrates that counselling and psychotherapy cannot be separated from the social conditions and context in which practitioners and their clients operate. Until now, no single text has brought together and considered the two areas of psychotherapy and social science in conjunction.The book opens with a discussion of the points of convergence and divergence between psychotherapy and social science. David Pilgrim then concentrates on the rela	1997-08-18	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803968646	Life Would Be Easy If It Weren't for Other People	Connie Podesta&Vicki Sanderson		Since it is impossible to change difficult people, this book offers strategies that you can incorporate into your own behavior to make relationships work better immediately.	1999-04-29	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761952305	Transformation at work in the new market economies of Central Eastern Europe	Anna Pollert		In this book, Anna Pollert questions the values hidden in the burgeoning literature on `transformation', and addresses the main concerns arising from these. In exploring the key issues of post-communist transformation, the author discusses important theoretical issues about the nature of change and continuity, such as historical, socio-economic and political effects of transformation, the broad problems of how workers and their organizations respond to change from command to capitalist economies, and case studies of how managers, workers and trade unionists experience these changes within their organizations.   Transformation at Work explores the key issues of post-communist transformation in Eastern Europe. T	1999	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9788178294599	Designing And Managing A Research Project : A Business Student'S Guide	Polonsky		Designing and Managing a Research Project is a concise, easy-to-read text designed to guide business students through the various aspects of designing and managing research projects. The focus is on research projects that have a solid academic basis, although some implications for some applied projects are also highlighted.	2004	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803986664	Joseph Wolpe	Roger Poppen		Joseph Wolpe brought about a revolution in psychotherapy. He provided the first clear alternative to therapy as an esoteric exploration of mental forces and presented, instead, clearly specified procedures and documented outcomes - a practical technology based on a fundamental science of learning.Roger Poppen, who witnessed some of this revolution first hand as a doctoral student, describes the major impact Wolpe's theories had on psychotherapy, compelling it to address issues of effectiveness and accountability. He assesses the criticisms that Wolpe's work has attracted both from outside and within the behavioural school, and describes the development of Wolpe's ideas and his continuing role in the theory, practice and ev	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803942226	Controversial issues in environmental policy,science vs. economics vs. politics	Kent E. Portney		Most controversies in environmental policy are rooted in clashes of values involving science and technology versus humanism, economic efficiency versus humanism, the role of nature in society and the role of government in society. The author discusses how America makes environmental policy - at the Federal and State levels as well as their enforcement agencies designed to protect and regulate at the same time. Portney examines legislation, public opinion, implementation or non-implementation relative to the debates over water, air and soil management.	1992-09-03	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761975960	Making algebra come alive!,student activities & teacher notes	Alfred S. Posamentier		Algebraic Identities, the Fibonacci Sequence, Patterns in Mathematics, Odds, Means, Averages . . . and thats only the beginning!	2000-07-21	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803964167	Teachers! prepare your students for the mathematics for SAT I,methods and problem-solving strategies	Alfred S. Posamentier&Stephen Krulik		Crammed with strategies, ideas, and techniques to help you boost your students math SAT I scores.	1996-04-18	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803964815	Teachers! prepare your students for the mathematics for SAT I,methods and problem-solving strategies	Alfred S. Posamentier&Stephen Krulik		Crammed with strategies, ideas, and techniques to help you boost your students' math SAT I scores.	1996-04-24	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788178292915	The Indus civilization,a contemporary perspective	Gregory L. Possehl		Gregory Possehl marshals the state of knowledge about this fascinating culture in a readable synthesis. He traces the rise and fall of this civilization; examines the economic, architectural, artistic, religious, and intellectual components of this culture; describes its most famous sites; and shows the relationships between the Indus Civilization and the other cultures of its times. As a sourcebook for scholars, a textbook for archaeology students, and an informative volume for the lay reader, The Indus Civilization will be an exciting read.	2003-07-01	Vistaar Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803954878	Understanding the self-help organization,frameworks and findings	Thomas J. Powell		This volume provides comprehensive coverage of self-help organizations, which in the United States alone involve over seven million people, from small local groups to major national organizations such as Alcoholics Anonymous. The focus is on three critical areas: public policy and self-help; participation, particularly by minorities, in self-help; and various frameworks which contribute to understanding self-help. The book concludes with six chapters of major findings and case studies.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803984998	The social organization of mental illness	Lindsay Prior		This thought-provoking book examines the organization of medical and social services for people with serious psychiatric disorders. It focuses on the current transition from hospital-centred to community-centred services.The first part of the book concentrates on the changes which have occurred in the theory and practice of key groups of professionals, including psychiatrists, nurses, social workers, occupational therapists and psychologists. The second part describes how those changes have directly impinged on the everyday lives of people affected by psychiatric disorders. Prior demonstrates how sociological insights can be gained from an examination of the multiple ways in which disorders have been represented in and thr	1993-09-23	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803985001	The social organization of mental illness	Lindsay Prior		This thought-provoking book examines the organization of medical and social services for people with serious psychiatric disorders. It focuses on the current transition from hospital-centred to community-centred services.The first part of the book concentrates on the changes which have occurred in the theory and practice of key groups of professionals, including psychiatrists, nurses, social workers, occupational therapists and psychologists. The second part describes how those changes have directly impinged on the everyday lives of people affected by psychiatric disorders. Prior demonstrates how sociological insights can be gained from an examination of the multiple ways in which disorders have been represented in and thr	1993-09-23	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853964336	School culture	Jon Prosser		`I waited with great anticipation to receive Jon Prossers book School Culture. The wait was worth it and I wasn't to be disappointed....this is a fine book bringing to a reader a credible and solid set of work'- Youth and Policy  School culture is today one of the most important themes in education and educational research.This book draws on a wide range of contemporary perspectives to provide an insight into the key issues and concepts which underpin school culture.  The first part of the book is concerned with culture as an holistic concept. The second part adopts the stance that school culture is the sum of its subcultures.The contributors focus on significant groups such as te	1999-08-09	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9781412921060	Contemporary issues in the early years	Gillian Pugh&Bernadette Duffy		'This is essential reading for anyone with responsibility for taking the agenda of early childhood services forward' - Nursery World  Since the publication of Every Child Matters in 2003, and the enactment of the 2004 Children's Act, children's services in the UK have undergone - and continue to undergo - a sea change. With a focus on improving outcomes for all children, and of closing the gap between those who do well and those who do not, the importance of the early years of children's lives and of supporting families through integrated service provision are now centre stage. Earlier editions of this book have argued for coherent policies for young children and for an expansion of high quality early childhood services. This edition reflects the many developments across the early childhood field in the past few years, with a particular emphasis on working together across agency boundaries to respond effectively to the needs of children and families. Much has been achieved, although there is still progress to be made.  The book covers - policy and service development at national and local levels, including the broader children's services agenda, as well as specific developments for young children, such as Sure Start and children's centres - the international context for early childhood services - the development of frameworks for curriculum, for assessment and for inspection  - the voice of the child, diversity and inclusion - working in multi-agency teams, and with parents - the impact of research - training and workforce issues This Fourth Edition is extensively revised and most of the chapters are completely new. The authors are all distinguished figures in the early childhood field.   Forthcoming Conference...  Contesting Early Childhood... and opening for change  This conference brings together internationally renowned speakers from the world of early childhood. It will appeal to anyone interested in possibilities for diversity, complexity and multiple perspectives in early childhood education. Institute of Education, London, 11-12 May.  Click here for more information, and to place your booking.	2006-06	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412921077	Contemporary issues in the early years	Gillian Pugh&Bernadette Duffy		'This is essential reading for anyone with responsibility for taking the agenda of early childhood services forward' - Nursery World  Since the publication of Every Child Matters in 2003, and the enactment of the 2004 Children's Act, children's services in the UK have undergone - and continue to undergo - a sea change. With a focus on improving outcomes for all children, and of closing the gap between those who do well and those who do not, the importance of the early years of children's lives and of supporting families through integrated service provision are now centre stage. Earlier editions of this book have argued for coherent policies for young children and for an expansion of high quality early childhood services. This edition reflects the many developments across the early childhood field in the past few years, with a particular emphasis on working together across agency boundaries to respond effectively to the needs of children and families. Much has been achieved, although there is still progress to be made.  The book covers - policy and service development at national and local levels, including the broader children's services agenda, as well as specific developments for young children, such as Sure Start and children's centres - the international context for early childhood services - the development of frameworks for curriculum, for assessment and for inspection  - the voice of the child, diversity and inclusion - working in multi-agency teams, and with parents - the impact of research - training and workforce issues This Fourth Edition is extensively revised and most of the chapters are completely new. The authors are all distinguished figures in the early childhood field.   Forthcoming Conference...  Contesting Early Childhood... and opening for change  This conference brings together internationally renowned speakers from the world of early childhood. It will appeal to anyone interested in possibilities for diversity, complexity and multiple perspectives in early childhood education. Institute of Education, London, 11-12 May.  Click here for more information, and to place your booking.	2006-06	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781873942680	Developing Parenting Skills, Confidence and Self-Esteem,A Training Programme	Barbara Quartey&Tina Rae		This programme has been designed for use with parents/ca/carers and their children to achieve a better understanding of challenging behaviour. It attempts to raise awareness about the importance of the parenting role and how this involves understanding relationships, communication skills, social skills and the incorporation of the emotional needs of all family members.  The course offers parents of children of all ages an opportunity to evaluate and reflect on both their own and their childrens levels of self-esteem and confidence.  The 10 sessions have been designed to empower, motivate and enable parents to develop strategies within the context of a supportive, non-judgmental and non-threatening environment. There are comprehensive notes, photocopiable worksheets and a shorter, four-session, structure is also provided.	2001-01-01	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803986398	Media, crisis, and democracy,mass communication and the disruption of social order	Marc Raboy&Bernard Dagenais		"Very useful collection. . . . More thematically coherent than many such volumes. . . . The book is quite topical and readable, considering its depth; most of the authors avoid turgid jargon or intellectual dandyism. . . . The book is not just required reading for academic specialists--it is also accessible to motivated journalists and senior undergraduates. It definitely has a place as a supplementary text in courses on media/ideology, socio-political conflict, and social movements." --Canadian Journal of Communication "Media, Crisis, and Democracy is required reading for anyone with an eye on the future of government. . . . Thought-provoking." --The Journal of Contingencies & Crisis Management "Provocative and radical content. . . . George Gerbner's essay on 'Violence and Terror In and By the Media' bears the hallmarks of lucid and engaging analysis which have typified his distinguished scholastic contribution to media studies for so long. . . . It is an interesting and, on occasion, important discussion of the crucial relationship between media and democracy." --Political Studies In modern states, the smooth functioning of democratic politics is inextricably tied to the role of the media in the creation and dissemination of information, images, and ideas. Utilizing a number of different contexts, Media, Crisis, and Democracy explores the ways in which crises serve to highlight the problematic issues of media performance in democratic states. Further, the book examines the relationship between communication and civil society by asking some difficult yet intriguing questions: To what extent do threats to the sovereignty of the nation-state work to subvert the contribution of the media to the democratic political process? Do crises reveal only the existing ideological and hegemonic functions of the mainstream media? Is "crisis" itself a media construct? Media, Crisis, and Democracy explores these theoretical problems through a number of actual cases of media responses to "crises," events ranging from the Gulf War of 1991 to the recent turmoil in Eastern Europe. These examples emphasize the complexities of understanding the role of the media in struggles of identity around nationality, ethnicity, and gender. Graduate and undergraduate students as well as scholars in political communication, mass communication, and media studies will find this book indispensable.	1992	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781412907088	Making learning happen,a guide for post-compulsory education	Philip Race		Making Learning Happen provides an accessible and practical discussion of teaching and learning for the post-compulsory sector of higher and further education. Much of the existing educational literature on `learning' is written in language which makes it inaccessible to the people most directly involved in learning: learners and their teachers. This book avoids the unnecessary jargon and elitist language which has too often hitherto hindered teachers and learners alike in thinking about how best to make learning happen.	2005-10-10	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412907095	Making learning happen,a guide for post-compulsory education	Philip Race		Making Learning Happen provides an accessible and practical discussion of teaching and learning for the post-compulsory sector of higher and further education. Much of the existing educational literature on `learning' is written in language which makes it inaccessible to the people most directly involved in learning: learners and their teachers. This book avoids the unnecessary jargon and elitist language which has too often hitherto hindered teachers and learners alike in thinking about how best to make learning happen.	2005-10-03	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803986756	Power/gender,social relations in theory and practice	H. Lorraine Radtke&Henderikus J. Stam		This book investigates the complex strands that inextricably link gender and power relations, demonstrating how gender is constructed through the practices of power.The contributors argue that `female' and `male' are shaped not only at the micro-level of everyday social interaction but also at the macro-level where social institutions control and regulate the practice of gender. Power//Gender explores: how theorizing on power is affected when gender is taken into account; post-Foucauldian theory of gender and power; whether it is possible to separate gender and power; the connections between gender and the practice of power in political contexts, and how these connections work in the specific contexts of women's liv	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781873942970	Confidence, Assertiveness, Self-Esteem,A Series of 12 Sessions for Secondary School Students	Tina Rae		`It is refreshing to find such material that has some of its key objectives in changing staff and teacher perceptions of children with behavioural needs' - Educational Psychology in Practice  This 12-session course for secondary school pupils teaches skills and strategies for more effective relationships and interactions at home and in school.   The pack includes:  " teacher notes " worksheets  " self-esteem rating scales.  Strategies to teach include:  " mirror talk " positive thinking " respecting yourself.  Young people rate this as a useful pack that manages their learning in a respectful manner and builds relationships with peers and staff.	2000-01-01	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781904315292	Emotional Survival,An Emotional Literacy Course for High School Students	Tina Rae		Thank you, Thank you. I have been looking for months for an EL course for secondary pupils. This book is fantastic' - Anne Sinar, Teaching and Learning Co-ordinator, Beacon Hill High School, Blackpool  There is an increasing demand for resources to support teachers in developing young peoples emotional literacy. The 20 lessons explore a range of feelings and provide facilitator notes and activities to help young people:  " recognise their emotions in order to be able to label or define them " manage their emotions in order to develop and sustain positive relationships.  The 20 lessons include:  " introduction to an emotion and warm-up " questions for Circle Time and activities " take home tasks and reinforcement " ideas for a plenary session.  Includes photocopiable resources and printable worksheets on the CD.  As with all Tinas books this is a practical resource which will engage young people.	2004-05-14	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781873942932	Keep Your Coooooool!,Stress Reducing Strategies for Key Stage 2 and 3	Tina Rae&George Robinson		`As one would expect from a publisher with a proven track record in books on behaviour management... well illustrated, easy to use and potentially very effective' - Highland  `Would be a useful resource to encourage the inclusion of emotional literacy to a wider audience without "giving away the psychology". It could easily be used by teachers as a package, or be used in conjunction with an EP where schools need more encouragement to feel less confident. I would recommend this as a useful practical resource for schools' - Educational Psychology in Practice  All people, including young people, face tensions and stress but its how we learn to manage stress thats important.  The sections of this book cover:  " what is stress " who becomes affected by stress " the stresses faced by young people " good ways to beat stress " new ways of coping with stress.  The sections use stories to help children understand stress and how it manifests itself, and to develop a set of skills and coping strategies. There are comprehensive teacher notes, photocopiable worksheets and a variety of stress management strategies.  This resource is intended for whole class/group work and is not recommended for individual support for children who have suffered severe trauma.	2002-01-01	Lucky Duck						ZZZ000000
9781873942147	Strictly Stress,Effective Stress Management: A Series of 12 Sessions for High School Students	Tina Rae		Tina has produced another book based on her work as a behaviour support teacher. This is an ideal resource for use as part of a PHSE programme with a whole class or smaller group work.  It is specifically aimed at students who appear to be experiencing unacceptable levels of stress in their lives and who require support in order to understand, acknowledge and cope with specific stressors/sources of stress.  There are 12 sessions in this book. These include comprehensive teacher notes and photocopiable worksheets for the students. The structure ensures active pupil participation and provides an opportunity to look at both the causes and effects of stress. With a greater understanding of stress, young people are helped to learn and practise better coping strategies.	2001-01-01	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781873942697	The Anger Alphabet,Understanding Anger - An Emotional Development Programme for Young Children Aged 6 to 11	Tina Rae&Karen Simmons		The 26 elements of this programme help children understand anger and to see that it is linked with other feelings such as fear, loss and jealousy etc. They will begin to realize that anger is not always harmful and negative but should be managed effectively.  There are complete teacher instructions, including discussion, circle time activities, photocopiable posters and worksheets, and ideas for plenary and follow-up work.   At the end of the programme pupils will:  " distinguish between behaviours " develop anger management strategies " express strong feelings in an assertive way " learn to recognize anger in its early stages " develop an understanding of others' perspectives.	2003-01-01	Lucky Duck						ZZZ000000
9780761932840	Nuclear deterrence in Southern Asia,China, India, and Pakistan	Arpit Rajain		The triadic relationship between India, Pakistan and China and their nuclear weapons policies is analyzed in this volume.  The three countries have been evaluated on their strategic culture, the role of nuclear weapons in their overall military strategy, the nature of public opinion, responses to the various arms control treaties, and foreign policy choices.  The book highlights how these countries, with their different political systems, act on crucial issues like deterrance, proliferation, weaponization, foreign policies and the use of the bomb.	2005	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761933793	Practising journalism,values, constraints, implications	Nalini Rajan		Practicing Journalism brings together experts from the field of journalism: journalists; freelance writers; lectures; and media practitioners to provide a comprehensive collection of current articles. Offering a unique view of the way journalism is both practiced and taught, this book is divided into four section: core values in journalism; specialization within the craft; the constraints of practice; and implications for the future. It covers areas including: gender and identity in the popular press; sports journalism; urban reporting; embedded journalism; censorship; and alternative media. This book is essential reading for students of journalism and all those considering a career in the field.	2005-07-01	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803962354	Dynamic teachers,leaders of change	Sharon F. Rallis		The role of the teacher is no longer confined to the classroom or to interactions with students. The authors of this book illustrate through case studies the emerging roles of `dynamic' teachers which incorporate: seeing themselves as professionals and making a commitment to professional behaviours; challenging student thinking through appropriate questioning strategies; extending the classroom into the community, and bringing the community into the classroom; and becoming agents of change, advocating school reform.	1995-08-08	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761976097	Principals of dynamic schools,taking charge of change	Sharon F. Rallis&Ellen Borish Goldring		In this updated edition, Sharon Rallis and Ellen Goldring describe and illustrate good school leadership practices, drawing on the authors' case studies and surveys as well as the research of others.	2000-04-15	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761997078	Getting children back to school,case studies in primary education	Vimala Ramachandran		Firmly rooted in the belief that every child has a right to basic education, this volume explores strategies and alternatives to keep children in school, reach out to those outside the schooling system, and improve the quality of elementary education. To this end, it brings together case studies of innovative educational programmes from the voluntary sector which influence, support and strengthen basic education, particularly forward and backward links.	2003	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761997603	An introduction to data envelopment analysis,a tool for performance measurement	Ramu Ramanathan		From the Foreword:  'This book is an excellent tool for practitioners who are interested in the merits and pitfalls of the technique.... (The author's) research is an example of inventiveness, diligence and accuracy' - Freerk A. Lootsma, Delft Institute of Technology   Data envelopment Analysis is a Mathematical Programme for measuring performance efficiency of organizational units. The organizational units, termed as decision-making units (DMU) can be of any kind: manufacturing units, a set of schools, banks, hospitals, power plants, police stations, prisons, a set of firms etc.  DEA has been unsuccessfully applied to measure the performance efficiency of these different kinds of DMUs which share a common characteristic - that they are non-profit organization where measurement of performance efficiency is difficult.  DEA has been employed for assessing the relative performance of a set of firms that use a variety of identical inputs-say in the case of a school: quality of students, teachers, grants etc.,-to produce a variety of identical outputs-number of students who pass the final year, average grades obtained by the students in the final   year etc.  DEA assumes the performance of the DMUs by using the concepts of efficiency or productivity which is measured as the ratio of total outputs to total inputs. Also, the efficiencies estimated are relative to the best performing DMU or DMUs. The best performing DMU is given a score of 100% and the performance of other DMUs vary between 0 -100%.	2003-07-01	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761993476	Disinvesting in health,the World Bank's prescriptions for health	Mohan Rao&World Bank		Disinvesting in Health critically analyses the implications of the Structural Adjustment Programme (SAP) adopted by India in the 1990's which advocates the reduction of state involvement in social sectors. This study focuses on implications for health policies and programmes in India.	1999-06-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803983649	Rethinking critical theory,emancipation in the age of global social movements	Larry J. Ray		In this broad-ranging text, Ray assesses Critical Theory, particularly that of J[um]urgen Habermas. Developing an analysis of such ideas as the public sphere, communicative action and the colonization of the lifeworld, he examines the insights that Critical Theory can offer global analysis and the challenges to Critical Theory from global social change.  In a detailed discussion of post-communist eastern Europe, Islamic revivalism in Iran and the liberation struggle in South Africa, the author argues that modernity is poised between the threat of authoritarian politics of identity on one hand and the promise of opening up new democratic communicative organizations on the other.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803933149	Super media,a cultural studies approach	Michael R. Real		Written in a clear and engaging style, Super Media introduces and examines the newly emerging cultural studies approach to understanding media. Michael Real begins by providing a critical review of previous traditions of media research and theory -- illustrated with tables and comparative charts -- and re-integrates media study around cultural studies. He argues that issues of personal identity and consciousness, of conflict and bias, of politics and policy, are more effectively articulated and understood through cultural studies. Drawing from both humanities and the social sciences, he centers his analyses in text, meaning, representation, interpretation, conflict, ideology, hegemony and culture. Extensive case stud	1989	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761907275	Learner-centered design,a cognitive view of managing complexity in product, information, and environmental design	Wayne W. Reeves		The issue of complexity, as applied to the way we gather information and learn, is a hallmark of this information age. The sheer amount of data, in addition to the increasingly technological way in which the data are delivered, have had profound effects on the ways in which we process information and, hopefully, learn. In this interesting and cutting edge volume, Wayne Reeves, a professor as well as consultant to Sun Microsystems, provides an overview of the field of complexity (including chaos theory, information literacy, and Knowledge Management Tools) and presents a working framework to help guide further research. Aimed particularly at researchers, professors, and students in the areas of cognitive science and library/information sciences, the book looks at a wide variety of tools that are being used to help create knowledge: indexes, abstracts, hypertext info retrieval systems and the like and evaluates their ability to help researchers gain understanding about their topics - and how that impacts on problem solving and decision making.	1999-09-03	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803962330	Out of women's experience,creating relational leadership	Helen B. Regan&Gwen H. Brooks		This innovative book proposes a new model for comprehensive and effective leadership, drawn from the personal experiences and accounts of female educational leaders. The authors demonstrate how women conceptualize and practice their educational leadership roles in ways that differ significantly from most of their male counterparts. In redefining these differences as 'relational leadership', Regan and Brooks suggest that the attributes and skills that women bring to leadership are accessible and valuable to female and male school leaders alike.	1995	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803987661	The Impact of Western nationalisms,essays dedicated to Walter Z. Laqueur on the occasion of his 70th birthday	Jehuda Reinharz&George Lachmann Mosse&Walter Laqueur		Nationalism lies at the core of the history of the twentieth century. This volume provides a unique insight into the history, and contemporary experience, of modern nationalism, drawing on a wealth of examples from a broad geographical range. The volume is largely drawn from papers which have appeared in the Journal of Contemporary History (volume 26, issue 3//4).	1992	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803941830	Violent emotions,shame and rage in marital quarrels	Suzanne M. Retzinger		Broken family bonds can be one of the most intense sources of conflict. This book - which provides vital insights into the dynamics of family and other forms of violence - explores the damage caused to familial and social bonds by escalating feelings of shame during marital quarrels.Theories and research from large-scale conflict, marital dispute and communication processes are reviewed and provide a background for Retzinger's new integrative theory, which focuses on social bonds. The theory is applied to four case studies of marital quarrels in order to advance understanding of the escalation and resolution of conflict. The book includes a description of an intensive case study method for analyzing discourse and provides	1991	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761956648	Feminist dilemmas in qualitative research,public knowledge and private lives	Rosalind Edwards&Jane Ribbens		How can researchers produce work with relevance to theoretical and formal traditions and requirements of public academic knowledge while still remaining faithful to the experiences and accounts of research participants based in private settings? Feminist Dilemmas in Qualitative Research explores this key dilemma and examines the interplay between theory, epistemology and the detailed practice of research. It does this across the whole research process: access, data collection and analysis and writing up research. It goes on to consider ways of achieving high standards of reflexivity and openness in the strategic choices made during research, examining these issues for specific projects in an open and accessible style.	1998	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803988347	Mothers and their children,a feminist sociology of childrearing	Jane Ribbens&Jane Ribbens McCarthy		This volume presents a fresh approach to the analysis of childrearing. By focusing on mothers' own understandings of their childrearing, the author reveals how differences in childrearing are rooted in fundamental ideas about the nature of social life and the place of the individual and the family within it.  Broad cultural concepts of family, individuality and the nature of childhood are discussed. The author analyzes the implications of mothers' ideas about these for key childrearing preoccupations of time, discipline and the independence of children. An important theme that emerges is the diversity behind the image of the 'ordinary family'. Drawing on empirical evidence of mothers' concerns and understandings of childrear	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781412959728	Blogs, wikis, podcasts, and other powerful web tools for classrooms	Will Richardson		With updated research and links, the second edition shows educators at all levels and disciplines how to use digital tools to create relevant, interactive learning experiences.	2008-07	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761954491	Georges Bataille,essential writings	Georges Bataille&Michael Richardson		Georges Bataille's work is an essential reference in any discussion of modernity and postmodernity. An important influence on Foucault, Derrida and post-structuralism, Bataille is a thinker of key significance. This volume makes a selection from the entire body of his academic work, showing how his thinking on sacrifice, eroticism, taboo and transgression, and the nature of identity inform his social theory.  Bataille - Essential Writings will be the standard introductory text to this profound and difficult thinker.	1998-08-07	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803928688	Preventing maladjustment from infancy through adolescence	Annette U. Rickel&LaRue Allen		Rickel and Allen demonstrate that prevention work must draw from many areas of research and that sensitivity is essential to a variety of issues related to child, parent, and family dysfunction and social policy. The book begins with an historical overview of prevention research, essential concepts and research practices for identifying populations at risk, and other types of intervention programmes. Prevention programmes are reviewed in relation to several specific types of dysfunction evident in infancy, childhood and adolescence. Key topics of contemporary clinical work covered include: emotional problems associated with child abuse, divorce and marital separation, chronic mental disease, teenage pregnancy, substance abuse, suicide and e	1987-12	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803954519	Qualitative studies in social work research	Catherine Kohler Riessman		This useful volume offers alternatives to the dominant quantitative paradigm in social work research. It provides exemplary studies of social work problems using a diversity of qualitative approaches, including field observations, interviews, single cases, organizational documents and literary narratives. The studies, all made by social workers, range from examining surface content to the analysis of deep structures of discourse.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803976535	Re-imagining therapy,living conversations and relational knowing	Eero Riikonen&Gregory Madan Smith		Re-imagining Therapy explores the benefits to therapeutic practice of paying attention to how people relate to and with language - how ways of talking support different kinds of relationships and experiences. The authors draw on social constructionist, dialogic, narrative and solution-oriented approaches to argue that `detachment' and `objectivity' have impoverished our ways of understanding life and language. They focus on words and language as tools, gestures and actions through which therapy can work to build a sense of promise and trust.	1997	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803976542	Re-imagining therapy,living conversations and relational knowing	Eero Riikonen&Gregory Madan Smith		Re-imagining Therapy explores the benefits to therapeutic practice of paying attention to how people relate to and with language - how ways of talking support different kinds of relationships and experiences. The authors draw on social constructionist, dialogic, narrative and solution-oriented approaches to argue that `detachment' and `objectivity' have impoverished our ways of understanding life and language. They focus on words and language as tools, gestures and actions through which therapy can work to build a sense of promise and trust.	1997	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761960430	Bourdieu and culture	Derek Robbins		An accessible and readable introduction to Bourdieu's work, this book places him in intellectual and historical context, and shows how Bourdieu is best understood as a cultural analyst. It traces his development from his early work on education to his relationship to cultural sociology and cultural studies. The book also gives detailed examples, drawn from Bourdieu's own work, to show how he makes sense of contemporary culture. Robbins guides the reader authoritatively through Bourdieu's wide-ranging body of theoretical and analytical work and offers a framework within which the most recent aspects of that work can be understood.	2000	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761964650	Pierre Bourdieu	Derek Robbins		Derek Robbins provides the first complete assessment of the sociological achievements of one of the key European sociologists of the 20th century. Bourdieu has made decisive contributions to theory, method and professional practice. All are discussed here, providing an unparalleled distillation of Bourdieu's work. The collection: offers a systematic understanding and evaluation of Bourdieu's sociology; demonstrates the relation of Bourdieu to wider research traditions in the social sciences; faithfully represents Bourdieu's multidisciplinarianism; explains why Bourdieu is a key 20th century sociologist.The collection is edited by one of Europe's leading commentators on Bourdieu. The four volumes stand as the benchmark w	2000-02-28	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803934696	Helping crime victims,research, policy, and practice	Albert R. Roberts&Arlene Bowers Andrews		Prepared for use by informed citizens, victims' solicitors, social workers, criminal justice administrators, government officials and legislators, Helping Crime Victims offers the reader practical ideas and realistic strategies in the form of procedural guides and workable programme components and services that seem effective in meeting the needs of crime victims.	1990-04-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761963295	Learning to teach reading	Geoffrey R. Roberts		This accessible and practical guide to teaching young children to read focuses on: the process of learning to read and its implications for teaching; issues about learning to read which all teachers need to understand; and a programme of teaching children to read.  The author deals with the learning that is necessary, and the teaching which enables it to be achieved. Now fully updated to include the most recent thinking on phonics, handwriting and literacy practices in the early years classroom, the book proposes a theoretical teaching model which will help teachers to make optimum use of the Literacy Hour.	1999	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9781873942376	Circle Time Resources	George Robinson&Barbara Maines		Sometimes you just need to vary the activities or spring a surprise to re-motivate the group or diffuse a difficult situation. This copiable resource contains three different sets of materials that can be reproduced onto paper for a one-off activity, or copied onto card for frequent use.   " Image cards a set of neutral symbol pictures.  " Feelings cards a set of cards with words and pictures to illustrate a feeling.  " Sentence completion cards a set of sentence beginnings.  The publication includes ideas for how to use the materials in a variety of different ways, all consistent with the aims and objectives of Circle Time.	1998-01	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780803952607	Deceit, delusion, and detection	William Peter Robinson		Who tells lies? Why do people tell lies and when are they deemed acceptable? Written from a social psychology perspective on the use of language, this is a fascinating examination of these and related questions.Illustrating the book with a diversity of institutional and interpersonal contexts, W Peter Robinson explores ways in which people develop their skills of deception and also discusses the feasibility and art of lie detection. He reveals the cultural biases inherent in various modes and interpretations of lying, focusing in particular on the Western world and its values.	1996-04-16	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803931923	Music at the margins,popular music and global cultural diversity	Deanna Campbell Robinson		Is there a growing homogenization of the world's popular music? Or, conversely, is there a continuing and perhaps ever increasing diversity of song styles and forms? With a focus is on how the process of popular music production is perceived by local musicians, this book addresses this issue, testing the more conventional `cultural imperialism' hypothesis by comparison with empirical findings from a study by the International Communication and Youth Culture Consortium.	1991	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781873942338	Producing an effective anti-bullying policy in schools	Barbara Maines&George Robinson		This program supports school staff in the development and implementation of effective anti-bullying policies. The video and training pack illustrates the necessary elements of the policy and includes views on racist and homophobic bullying, record keeping and an expert opinion on litigation.	2000	Lucky Duck						ZZZ000000
9781847873644	Behaviour management with young children,crucial first steps with children 3-7 years	Bill Rogers&Elizabeth McPherson		'What a privilege to read a book written by the person that has had the most impact on my classroom teaching and the whole ethos of our school. Behaviour Management with Young Children brings together Bill's insight into behaviour management and Elizabeth's understanding of young children and has resulted in a practical and realistic behaviour management manual that will be easily accessible to teachers in the early years...I shall be recommending it to all my teaching and support staff as essential reading' - Debbie Hoy, Headteacher, Brookland Infant & Nursery School, Cheshunt, Hertfordshire 'As headteacher of an Infant and Nursery School with children from 3-7 years old, Bill and Elizabeth's book is what we have been waiting for. A comprehensive guide to the effective behaviour management of our youngest children, it will be essential reading for all our staff...This is a book which can easily be read from cover to cover, as it is difficult to put down, but for busy practitioners it is equally useful to dip into if you want help with a specific aspect of behaviour management. [The] approaches are firmly based on sound theory and what works with children, and Elizabeth clearly describes the practical and effective application of those ideas in the earliest years of education. The book is a delight to read and will be a constant source of inspiration and guidance to us all' - Cathy Whalen, Headteacher, Mousehold Infant and Nursery School, Norwich, Norfolk 'With their feet firmly planted in the reality of the classroom Bill and Elizabeth show how subtle changes to everyday interchanges between adults and pupils can have an enormous impact upon pupil success. It is amazing how simple yet effective the strategies outlined here are. The ideas and concepts shared in the book are accessible to all staff and we can all recognise some of ourselves and our pupils in Bill's delightful illustrations. This book will make a difference not only to the behaviour of pupils but also to the sanity of teachers. It is a must for every staff room!' - Jane Bellamy, Headteacher, Wold Newton School, Wold Newton, Driffield, East Riding of Yorkshire Written by Behaviour Management expert, Bill Rogers and his daughter, Early Years teacher, Elizabeth MacPherson, this will be an essential book for all Early Years students, infant teachers, support staff and school leaders. This book explores behaviour management in the crucial early years of schooling in an accessible and practical way. The authors emphasise the establishment phase of a teacher's relationship with a new class. The essential skills are explored in detail through a wide range of case studies. The authors cover all the major topics such as: - challenging student behaviour - positive discipline practice - behaviour recovery practice - helping students with special behaviour needs - how colleague support can help our day-to-day teaching - how to set up and maintain a whole-class behaviour agreement.	2008-04-08	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9781412934527	Behaviour Management,A Whole-School Approach	Bill Rogers		Praise for the First Edition: "Bill Rogers has an entertaining style and communicates his ideas in a way that will be easily accessible to teachers."-Behaviour UK "This is an extremely readable book on children's behavior and the management of behavior in a classroom and school context. Provides a useful guide to developing a whole-school approach to positive behavior."-Amazon Review In this revised and updated edition of the bestseller, the author draws on his extensive experience as an educational consultant and trainer to help teachers and managers develop a whole-school strategy for dealing with student behavior.In a distinctive accessible and entertaining style, the book offers practical suggestions to support teachers as they face the pressures of accountability, assessment and rising concerns about student behavior. This resource covers: Positive discipline and the importance of consistency Specific skills in the language of discipline, both verbal and non-verbal Techniques for managing bullying, aggression, rudeness, and violence Methods to use with behaviorally disordered students The 4Rs--rights, rules, responsibilities, and routines Behavioral consequences including 'time-out' Behavior agreements or 'contracts' Playground management Setting up a behavior management plan and expressing it in policyThis book helps strengthen a school's capacity to work as a cohesive, cooperative unit linked with parents and the community to manage behavior successfully.	2007-01-31	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9781412923552	Cracking the Hard Class	Bill Rogers		Praise for the First Edition:  `In Cracking the Hard Class, the undisputed master of behaviour management, Bill Rogers, shows us that being an effective teacher isn't a result of God-given gifts of charisma and presence, but can be developed through a series of specific skills and learns actions. It's one of the mot useful books around for new teachers... If you can catch him live on one of his UK roadshows, you're in for a real treat. This practical approach from a writer who has clearly retained at least a notional foot in the classroom is the one that works best for me' - Geoff Barton, The Times Education Supplement  `This book would certainly be invaluable to colleagues in the school where some had done the course and others had learnt it second hand. It would have a place in the staffroom of most schools, especially in the secondary sector. Bill Rogers is clearly a charismatic teacher what he offers is based on secure knowledge of child psychology, classroom dynamics and staffroom politics' - Emotional & Behavioural Difficulties  `This is an excellent book for teachers at any key stage who have one or more "difficult" pupils in their class, as well as those with the "hard class". It provides simple and effective behaviour management strategies and makes you realise you are not alone and that it's okay to have a bad day. It mainly discusses secondary education but does refer to primary. Many of the strategies are suitable for all levels anyway. An absolute must-have for a teacher' - Amazon Review  At some point in every teacher's career he/she will encounter the `hard class' and from day one the countdown to the end of the day, term and year is on in earnest. But as demanding as it may be, a difficult class does not have to dominate and permeate through all waking moments. Bill Rogers, in Cracking the Hard Class, Second Edition, highlights many practical strategies that can be implemented to overcome the hard class syndrome.  These include: identifying what makes a class `hard'; developing a class behaviour plan; developing colleague support; following up on disruptive students; changing patterns of bad behaviour; and assisting relief teachers and the hard class.  As well as constructive ideas and strategies, Cracking the Hard Class, Second Edition also highlights the normality of the pressures and stress felt by teachers dealing with these classes.	2006-10-31	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9781412907965	Statistical methods for geography,a student guide	Peter Rogerson		Instructors: Please click here to request a review copy of this title for adoption consideration.Desk copies are available by calling 1-800-818-7243."The First Edition of Statistical Methods for Geography provided an excellent introduction to the statistical analysis of spatial data. The second edition is even better - providing more material on probability and on descriptive statistics as well as more exercises. I would recommend this strongly as a text for introductory statistics courses in geography. It is currently the best on the market by far." - A. Stewart Fotheringham, National University of Ireland, Maynooth  The Second Edition of this bestselling text has been completely revised and updated. It provides a systematic introduction to the principal methods and techniques that students must understand to complete a statistics course.Features new to this edition include:More introductory material especially in a new chapter on descriptive statistics, and much-expanded introductory chaptersMore exercises and illustrative examples within the chaptersSPSS for Windows and EXCEL used to illustrate the applied use of the methodsA companion Web site for lecturers and students is available at www.sagepub.co.uk/rogerson. The password-protected lecturer section contains answers to questions from the book. There are also downloadable-datasets and study skills for students.	2006-01-27	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803988125	Decentring leisure,rethinking leisure theory	Chris Rojek		This book explores the meaning of leisure in the context of key social formations of our time. Chris Rojek brings together the insights of Marxism, feminism, Weber, Elias, Simmel, Nietzsche and Baudrillard to produce a survey - and rethinking - of leisure theory. At the same time he presents a radical critique of the traditional `centring' of leisure, on `escape', `freedom' and `choice'.  He describes the relations between capitalism and leisure, the meaning of free time for workers in a capitalist system, and the gendered nature of leisure. He then discusses the social construction of leisure under modernity and the main competing arguments. Finally he examines postmodernity. Revealing how leisure practices have responded t	1995-06-08	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803975606	A citizens' Europe,in search of a new order	Allan Rosas&Esko Antola		The Treaty on European Union (Maastricht Treaty) of 1992 for the first time introduced the concept of citizenship of the European Union. While few new rights were attached to the concept its importance lies in its symbolic value and its potential in opening up the future development of a European citizenship.  This authoritative study of European citizenship and its legal and political context illuminates the notion of a citizens' Europe. Experts examine: the political and legal nature of the European Union; the political integration process; the principle of subsidiarity; the concepts of equality and citizenship; citizenship rights including electoral and other political rights as well as social rights; the status of third-	1995	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803981355	Ordinary people in public policy,a behavioural analysis	Richard Rose		Ordinary People and Public Policy offers a wide-ranging exploration of what people receive and expect from government. The book's starting point is that most people spend more time talking to family and friends or acting as consumers than they spend as voters marking ballots. At the same time most families in a mixed economy depend to some extent on the private benefits of public policy for education, health and social security benefits. The growth of government has thus created new links between public institutions and the everyday concerns of citizens.	1989	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803997431	Voters begin to choose,from closed class to open elections in Britain	Richard Rose&Ian McAllister		This innovative study examines the extent to which voting in Britain since 1959 has been determined by class. Rose and McAllister sum up a vast body of evidence to show that voters are influenced by current political events, by political principles as well as by social structure and by parental party identification. Because of the political changes occuring in Britain today, voters are now open to choose between three parties -- the Conservatives, Labour and the Alliance. The 1983 British general election saw a big shift in votes from a traditional class party, Labour; and a landslide victory for the Conservatives under Margaret Thatcher, notwithstanding a decline in the Conservative vote. Voters Begin to Choose presents evidence of the increasing openness of electoral competition which will be of interest to anyone concerned with what is happening to the electorate as we approach the 1990s.	1986	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761903123	In the Beginning,Development from Conception to Age Two	Judy F. Rosenblith		`Wonderful value... Rosenblith has overviewed the world of infancy research in exquisite detail... she has scoured the journals, organised the findings, interpreted the conclusions, weighed the balance of the evidence and presented a compendium which is invaluable. It is hard to imagine anyone concerned with the development of infants who would not benefit by having access to its nearly 600, A4-sized pages, whether general practitioners, parents, social workers or psychiatrists. It is superbly edited and published' - British Journal of Psychiatry  Popular for its presentation of current data and its focus on methods for studying infants, this best-selling text is now available in a thorough revision - an	1992	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803953536	Learning disabilities,a neuropsychological perspective	Byron Patrick Rourke&Jerel E. Del Dotto		Aimed at improving both our understanding of dysfunction and clinical intervention, this accessible volume on learning disabilities among children and adolescents explores: research and professional practice; subtypes of learning disability; and dimensions of psychosocial functioning. An introduction to a comprehensive, cohesive model of neuropsychological assessment and intervention is also provided.Detailed case studies - exemplifying major subtypes of learning disabilities - illustrate the application of general principles derived from research to the clinical imperatives of day-to-day practice.	1994-05-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761960751	The plural self,multiplicity in everyday life	John Rowan&Mick Cooper		`[This book's] fundamental thesis is a rather challenging one - the idea that the unified, singular "self", which we all take for granted we possess, does not exist... fascinating and important... I will certainly revisit the book... when you're ready for a challenge, this book is certainly worth dipping into' - Counselling News  `I thoroughly recommend this book. I found it challenging, provocative, exciting and full of delights. (It makes such a change to be told that ideal personality characteristics would include a Monty Pythonesque sense of humour and a tolerance of mind-altering drugs!) While reading it I often felt nourished and refreshed' - The Journal of Critical Psychology, Counselling and Psychotherapy  With the emergence of postmodern thinking, the notion of a unified, singular `self' appears increasingly problematic. Yet for many, postmodernism's proclamation of `the death of the subject' is equally problematic. As a response to this dilemma, there has been a rise of interest in pluralistic models of the `self' in which the person is conceptualized as a multiplicity of subpersonalities, as a plurality of existential possibilities or as a `being' which is inextricably in-dialogue-with-others.  Bringing together many disciplines, and with contributions from foremost writers on self-pluralism, The Plural Self overviews and critiques this emerging field. Drawing together theory, research and practice, the book expands on both the psychological and philosophical theories underlying and associated with self-pluralism, and presents empirical evidence in support of the self-pluralistic perspective, exploring its application within a clinical and therapeutic setting.	1999-02-23	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853964411	Challenges for educational research	Jean Rudduck&Donald McIntyre&British Educational Research Association		'There is much in the book that is thought- provoking, and much wise counsel is offered.... I found this book immensely interesting.... I can recommend it to anyone with an interest in educational research' - British Journal of Educational Psychology 'This book, edited by Jean Rudduck and Donald McIntyre, provides an insightful analysis of the key issues, involved in attempting to take stock of what should be the main purposes of educational research and how well the research that has been conducted has met these purposes..Overall, I found this book immensely interesting. It is published by Paul Chapman as one of the BERA Dialogues Series. This series is intended to provide a forum for a scholarly analysis of a theme that will be of interest to the international research community. This book fulfils this aim admirably and I can recommend it to anyone with an interest in educational research' - British Journal of Educational Psychology 'of use and interest to those presently engaged in educational research and evaluating educational policy. It certainly provides food for thought for all those in educational research community' - Widening Participation and Lifelong Learning During the last few years there have been increasingly vigorous debates about the adequacy of educational research in the UK. Is it worth the money spent on it? Is it influenced enough by the user communities who ought to benefit most from it? Does it focus on the right kinds of questions? How does it compare with research in other possibly comparable fields, like medicine and engineering? Does it draw adequately on new developments in related social sciences? Is it effectively organized? Are there too many inadequately qualified people doing educational research? These are some of the questions that have been hotly debated, mainly within the educational research community itself. This book brings together many of the major figures in British educational research. Four central chapters, based on previously unpublished recent reviews of the current state of educational research and of the future directions it should take, are the focus of critical commentaries from many different perspectives. In the opening chapter the two editors, both recent presidents of the British Educational Research Association, explain the context of the arguments, and in the final chapter synthesize the issues involved. Major changes in the conduct and organization of British educational research must be anticipated in the next few years. This book sets the scene for those changes	1998-12	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780761966074	An introduction to modern financial reporting theory	Brian A. Rutherford		The adoption by the Accounting Standards Board of its Statement of Principles for Financial Reporting in December 1999 means that we now have an authoritative conceptual framework which should govern the production of British financial statements. Yet while the text of the Statement is directed at members of the accounting profession, students of accounting will need to understand the framework and its repercussions.  An Introduction to Modern Financial Reporting Theory explains the content of the Statement in an accessible language, specifically for the student of accounting and finance. This text will be of direct and practical interest to students who need to understand the contents of the new framework, which helps to explain: why and how financial reporting is carried out; why financial statements are prepared in the way that they are; why accounting standards specify one method rather than another; how the methods specified by accounting standards relate to each other; how practice has developed and will continue to develop.  Brian Rutherford emphasizes and enlarges on the key features of the framework, provides many more examples, shows how the framework applies in practice and also offers some criticisms of its content. The book clarifies to students why various methods and practices in accounting have evolved, while illustrating how they relate to each other and to the underlying function of financial reporting.  This text will be essential reading on university and professional courses in advanced financial accounting, particularly courses on Accounting Theory and Financial Reporting.  Brian Rutherford is Professor of Accounting at Canterbury Business School, University Kent at Canterbury.	2000-09-30	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803973060	The family-school connection,theory, research, and practice	Bruce A. Ryan		What is the nature of the relationships between family variables and children's successes in school? An examination of this question is the basis of this volume. Building on a model for evaluating the relationships between families, schools and children, the contributors analyze: how school achievement is influenced by parent-child interactions; how early adolescents are affected by the overlapping `spheres of influence' of school, family, community and peer group; and how family environment influences educational attainment. Other issues discussed include: education for children with learning difficulties; school truancy; and the effects of parental discord and divorce on children's learning. In conclusion, the book offers examples of prev	1995-05-15	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803964112	Local control and accountability,how to get it, keep it, and improve school performance	Richard Sagor		The increasing call for local control and accountability in United States' schools has resulted in a rapid bid by public schools to decentralize. Schools and school systems therefore need to acquire the skills - such as research, assessment and evaluation - necessary to make local control work, as these skills are not significant elements of the current teacher preparation curriculum.  Techniques that have been used successfully by schools to implement and maintain local control programmes and policies are illustrated in this book to assist professionals involved in the decentralization process.	1996-09-26	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803961234	The TQE principal,a transformed leader	Richard Sagor&Bruce G. Barnett		This easy to read, practical book distills the key skills and techniques that principals need if they are to become effective TQE-based instructional leaders. The book includes useful charts, checklists, timelogs, key terms and concepts, references for future study and a planning and troubleshooting guide.	1994-03-17	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803986275	Human resource strategies	Graeme Salaman		Few would disagree with the principle that successful achievement of an organization's overall strategic objectives is bound up with the design and implementation of appropriate human resource strategies (HRS). Yet many questions remain about what is entailed in implementing effective HRS. This volume brings together a range of outstanding contributions which explore not only the advantages but also the complexities of a strategic approach to human resource management. Deliberately broad in scope to reflect the organization-wide ramifications of HRS, combining theoretical analyses alongside case studies of HRS in practice, the book offers a fascinating review of this crucial topic.  The book begins by addressing key themes a	1992-02-21	Published in association with the Open University, Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803932180	Information campaigns,balancing social values and social change	Charles T. Salmon		Today, more than ever before, governments, industry, and special interest groups are employing information campaigns to effect social change. In ground-breaking fashion, Information Campaigns explores theory of campaigns as well as theory for campaigns, addressing the social context of public information campaigns and social marketing efforts. Using an interdisciplinary approach, Salmon and a distinguished team of contributors develop the theoretical framework of social change to discuss the melding of marketing and strategic communication traditions. Part I reviews the social context in which campaigns are designed, implemented, and analyzed, illustrating a broad range of social concerns campaigns address. The second section analyzes tactical concerns pertaining to underlying components of campaigns, namely audience research, planning, organization and implementation, and evaluation. Students and professionals in the fields of communication, political science, marketing, and public health will benefit from the refreshing approach and provocative analyses in this volume. "This is a terrific book. It presents a unique integration of value and ideological perspectives with the empirical research on information campaigns. The book offers a thorough and readable analysis of the diverse literature in this area." --Richard M. Perloff, Cleveland State University "The [first] section as a whole is particularly successful in providing a context for the study of campaigns within the ongoing processes of social change. . . . The second section of the book offers some interesting treatments of several . . . components of the campaign process. . . . This collection goes a long way toward establishing a new framework within which to study campaigns. . . . It lays out some clear directions and challenges for future research." --Journal of Communication "Salmon's Information Campaigns is a welcome addition to the literature. . . . [This book] enlarges our knowledge of the processes involved in media-centered social change and how social systems . . . act to influence the attitudes, perceptions, and behaviors of different publics. . . . Salmon's book is a refreshing departure from the approach generally taken in the information campaign literature. Having carefully assembled authors from a wide range of disciplines and representing divergent theoretical perspectives and research orientations, Salmon provides a balanced presentation of the values of intended receivers and sponsors of planned social change. He gives as much importance to the values of campaign sponsors as he does to the values of receivers of 'social good.' . . . Practitioners, researchers, and students will find the book useful . . . particularly useful for graduate-level courses in political communication, development communication, health communication, strategic communication, and social marketing." --Journal of Broadcasting and Electronic Media "Unlike many edited volumes, quality is consistent across chapters." --Journalism Quarterly	1989	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761995494	Inheriting the mantle,management of succession and transition in Indian family business	D. Sampath		Family businesses in India face an uphill task in adapting to the new business climate ushered in by the opening up of the economy. Using three longitudinal case studies spanning fifteen years, Professor Sampath provides a comprehensive discussion of the problems and dynamics of family businesses in transition. Drawing upon his direct consulting experience with family organizations, he analyses their growth through different phases of being managed by the progenitors (founders) and their successors. He highlights the dilemmas faced by family organizations owing to conflicting cultures between the founders anchored in traditional value systems and the next generation, which is primarily schooled in western theories. The book discusses the ways and means these differences can be resolved and develops a unique entrepreneurial growth model for running a successful family enterprise taking into account the cultural dynamics.	2001-06-01	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9780761998006	Urbanization in India,sociological contributions	Ranvinder Singh Sandhu		This book is an edited collection of 13 papers covering various sociological aspects of urbanization. It is thematically organized into four sections; section one gives an overview of varying perspectives on urbanization; section two explores continuity and change in traditional caste and class structures as they evolve in urban contexts; section three studies neighbourhood relationships; and section four deals with slum dwellers and migrants, demonstrating the applicability to India of concepts established by studies of rural-urban migrations in Africa.	2003-09-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761998013	Urbanization in India,sociological contributions	Ranvinder Singh Sandhu		This volume brings together papers by well-known scholars that look at various aspects of the urbanization phenomenon in India, including the folk-urban continuum, social stratification, neighbourhood and family, and slum-dwellers and migrants./-//-/This book is one of the Indian Sociological Society: Golden Jubilee Volumes.	2003-09-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761997856	Jihadis in Jammu and Kashmir,a portrait gallery	K. Santhanam		Pakistan's relentless attempts to seize the state of Jammu and Kashmir (J&K) from the Indian Union are well known and documented. Yet little is known about the pattern of terrorist activities and the strategies used by the different tanzeems, or organisations, especially during the troubled decades from 1980 to 2000.  The book begins with a brief overview of the origins of the dispute between India and Pakistan over Jammu and Kashmir. It continues by providing details of thirtyone `tanzeems' or organizations involved in terrorist activies in the region, their arms supply, training and funding, and also their links with organisations outside India. It concludes with an examination of the current situation in Jammu and Kashmir with the armies of India and Pakistan deployed on the Line of Control (LOC).  Coming at a time when the people of Jammu and Kashmir go to the polls to decide their future, this timely book will find a wide readership, both among the lay public and academics.	2003	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803986794	Constructing the social	Theodore R. Sarbin&John I. Kitsuse		This comprehensive volume explores the concrete implications of social constructionist theory, and provides a clear overview of how to do social constructionist research and analysis.Leading psychologists and sociologists ground theory with practical examples to clearly illustrate the view that human beings are principally social agents rather than passive reactors or information processors. Each chapter analyzes the historical and cultural contexts implicit in a wide range of key issues including anxiety, the family, intelligence, ageing and depression.	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803947481	Family health care	Russell J. Sawa		More effective prevention, diagnosis, treatment and rehabilitation will be the outcome of including the family unit in the delivery of primary care, as opposed to primary care aimed solely at individuals. This is the proposal explored by this volume's interdisciplinary contributors, who discuss theory, practice, education and research methodology related to primary care.	1992-08-06	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761996477	Assessment Centres,Identifying Potential and Developing Competency	Nitin Sawardekar		Recognised as an extremely important tool by knowledge-driven organisations, assessment centres are based on a mix of techniques and are used to measure the qualities, competencies and personality traits of people working in an organisation./-//-/This comprehensive and well-written primer takes the reader through the entire process of establishing assessment centres in an organisation. After describing what an assessment centre is and briefly outlining its origin and development, the author goes on to discuss: /-/- the decision-making process in implementing assessment centres in an organisation; /-/- how assessment centres measure and evaluate competencies; /-/- the design of assessment centres; /-/- the training of assessors; /-/- the actual conduct of the assessment centre; and, finally, /-/- the follow-up to assessment centres in an organisation.	2002-10-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803986312	Culture and power,a media, culture & society reader	Paddy Scannell&Philip Schlesinger&Colin Sparks		This broad-ranging book presents an introduction to the issues and debates which are currently central to media studies, drawn from major articles published in the journal Media, Culture & Society </I>in the period 1985 - 1991. The first part outlines and surveys some key theoretical developments in media studies such as the increased use of feminist and cultural studies approaches to the media and the development of the postmodernism debate. The second part addresses the key area of recent research around the audience; the last section addresses the public sphere. Drawing together key work from the breadth of current critical media research, Culture and Power is an invaluable student textbook and a complement to	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803937482	Substance abuse in children and adolescents,evaluation and intervention	Steven Paul Schinke&Gilbert J. Botvin&Mario A. Orlandi		The extent of the problem of substance abuse in young people and children, and current theory and research regarding causes and risk factors are discussed in this authoritative volume. Alternative intervention approaches are also explored - the authors detail various types of interventions and approaches that have arisen from community, school and media-based efforts.A highlight of the book is material on the evaluation of intervention programmes and on the dissemination of these programmes beyond the confines of research.	1991-03	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803960251	Small districts, big problems,making school everybody's house	Richard A. Schmuck&Patricia A. Schmuck		The authors of this volume visited 25 small school districts in the US to meet, observe and interview students, teachers, principals and administrators. Here they present research that connects with reality. Through their fascinating description of the physical and educational landscape, the authors capture life in nonurban schools `as it is', and present information that is brutally honest. They provide the beginnings of a road map to help small, nonurban districts and communities begin their own journey on the road to better schools.	1992-07-22	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781412927345	Investigating the social world,the process and practice of research	Russell K. Schutt		The most successful social research text to have been published in a generation has been updated and revised in this new Fifth Edition! This innovative, up-to-date, and popular text makes research come alive through research stories that illustrate the methods presented in each chapter, with hands-on exercises to help students learn by doing. Author Russell K. Schutt helps readers connect technique and substance, understand research methods as an integrated whole, appreciate the value of both qualitative and quantitative methodologies, and make ethical research decisions.	2006-02-24	SAGE Publications, Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780803957855	What racists believe,race relations in South Africa and the United States	Gerhard Schutte		Despite its legal abolition, racial inequality persists in many democratic societies. Entering a new era of democracy, South Africa is endeavouring to dismantle its legally structured system of inequality. In practice, however, the structures of consciousness which gave rise to and nurtured a system of white privilege and predominance are tenacious and enduring.In What Racists Believe, Gerhard Schutte examines evidence which illustrates how the consciousness of whites in South Africa has been reproduced and maintained, revealing a range of social constructions and typifications of blacks. He concludes with a chapter comparing contemporary racial attitudes in South Africa and the United States.	1995-02	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803973701	Researching sexual violence against women,methodological and personal perspectives	Martin D. Schwartz		This compelling book provides cutting-edge information on studies on sexual violence against women conducted on North American campuses - and simultaneously contradicts backlash critics who claim that feminists exaggerate their statistics.  Well-known researchers in the field describe their own work and that of others to illustrate both large-scale and local studies. Topics discussed include: researchers' own emotional experiences of working with rape research; experiences of harassment by subjects; feminist participatory research into lesbian battering; reflexivity in studying prostitutes; the gendered nature of research interviews; and white women studying battered black women.	1997-02-24	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803941069	Womanpower,managing in times of demographic turbulence	Uma Sekaran&Frederick T. L. Leong		Differences in gender, race, ethnicity and lifestyle preferences, along with the employment of handicapped and disabled people, will be the challenge for human resource managers this decade. This book highlights solutions that management practitioners can adopt to enhance the effectiveness of a diverse workforce in a global market. It identifies obstacles and offers insights into a variety of change agents including organizational consultants, human resource practitioners and educators.	1992	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761964599	Environmental planning,the conservation and development of biophysical resources	Paul H. Selman		This successful book has been completely revised and updated and is a comprehensive overview of the principles and practices of planning rural and urban environments. Introducing general ideas rather than specific practices, the book assumes little prior knowledge and includes concise introductions to the nature and purpose of town planning; wildlife and landscape protection; and pollution control. This edition pays particular attention to the scientific and social scientific background to environmental planning. Specific topics covered include: environmentally-sustainable agriculture; mulit-purpose forestry; the management of designated areas; urban wildlife; land resource evaluation; and environmental impact assessment. The conclusion reviews methods for managing information and making decisions.	2000-02-11	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803994508	Indigenous vision,peoples of India attitudes to the environment	Geeti Sen		An AltaMira Press Book Indigenous Vision examines the respect indigenous cultures hold for the planet and various facets of their environmental practices. This book is essential reading for ecologists, anthropologists, environmental activists and all concerned with the survival of planet Earth. --Pakistan Devel. Review	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178297453	Jalebi Management : All Stakeholders Can Enjoy A Bite	Shombit Sengupta		An important addition to the literature of management as a discipline, this pioneering book gives importance to the social dynamics of business organizations. An outcome of the author`s practical experience of over three decades in the global market, this book ably demonstrates the importance of paying attention to human culture, lifestyle and trends, while conducting business.Marked by original thought, concepts, processes and graphics, it demonstrates that business organizations of today must be sensitive to the nuances of global social culture so as to bring about quantum growth. In particular, it establishes that there is no barrier between industry and society.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781412915243	Worlds apart,social inequalities in a global economy	Scott Sernau		The Second Edition of Worlds Apart: Social Inequalities in a Global Economy focuses primarily on social inequalities in the American context. It is the only undergraduate text that provides a sociological framework for analyzing inequality within U.S. society as well as analyzing the relationship between global stratification systems and internal systems of inequality. Author Scott Sernau places each issue and dimension of inequality in the context of a changing global economy.	2005-07-08	Pine Forge Press						ZZZ000000
9780803967281	97 savvy secrets for protecting self and school,a practical guide for today's teachers and administrators	Alice Healy Sesno		Good teachers are a rare and dedicated group, and they need to be nurtured because of their value to society. Too often, educational environments can become incompatible with the goals of education and teachers can be prevented from giving their gifts of learning and compassion by a frightening matrix of competing social and professional agendas. This book identifies the pitfalls that can be predicted and avoided, allowing teachers to fulfill their professional obligations.	1998-04-02	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761951902	Feminism and psychotherapy,reflections on contemporary theories and practices	I. Bruna Seu&M. Colleen Heenan		The central question that Seu and Heenan have posed to contributors to this book is to explore critically how their feminist beliefs, understandings and commitments inform their work as psychotherapeutic practitioners and researchers. What we are offered is a multiplicity of feminist and psychotherapeutic narratives... The book raises a very serious issue about the nature of the feminist project within psychotherapy... The editors and contributors have created a brave book which articulates the dilemmas of feminist thought and practice within the contexts of therapeutic engagement' - British Journal of Guidance and CounsellingChallenging the notion that one model of therapy or one model of feminism can be privileged above others, this volume reflects on the complexities and multiple dimensions of theory and practice in contemporary feminist psychotherapies.Practitioners and researchers representing a broad cross-section of viewpoints critically consider their feminist therapeutic frameworks to address from within the practice the ways in which feminist therapy has set gender above and beyond other social inequalities. Drawing on case material from clinical practice, as well as research on feminism and psychotherapy, the authors demonstrate how the tensions inherent in different therapeutic models and feminist beliefs both question and reinforce popular notions of `gender' and `woman'.	1998-05-21	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761993582	Punishment and the prison,Indian and international perspectives	Rani Dhavan Shankardass		Highlighting the manner in which each society's ethos and politico-cultural features are expressed in the way it punishes its wrongdoers, this volume locates the prison in its modern legal setting and examines those agencies of criminal justice which are instrumental in sending offenders to prison.	2000	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761956181	Counselling and supporting children in distress	Sonia Sharp&Helen Cowie		`A book which will be of great interest and use to teachers and school staff... case examples and details of interventions are very helpful... [a book for] teachers to dip into when faced with a pupil troubled by fears and phobias, or an issue such as bullying' - Young Minds Magazine `This book successfully integrates current theory, practice and research. It is concise and easy to read.... I broadened and deepened my understanding from reading it. I can imagine some EPs and others using individual chapters as informative, quick revisions of key subject areas.... Additionally, this book will be useful to the growing army of other adults now working with children and young people' - British Psychological	1998	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803945241	Successful administration of senior housing,working with elderly residents	Nancy W. Sheehan		This book provides concrete help on how to address the support needs of elderly residents of sheltered housing.  Sheehan offers specific strategies to housing managers, social service providers and health care professionals working with elderly tenants. The book includes discussions of appropriate responses to increasing frailty of residents, and of how to judge when independent housing is no longer appropriate. It also includes an examination of guidelines available to housing managers in their expanded role, which is no longer simply a matter of `bricks and mortar' but now encompasses consideration of elderly residents' special needs.	1992-08-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178295978	Presenting At Conferences, Seminars And Meetings	Shephard		Do you dread the nerve-wracking task of giving presentations? Or are you looking for new ways in which to give your presentation a boost?/-//-/With practical, step-by-step guidance on many presentation scenarios, Kerry Shephard`s Presenting at Conferences, Seminars and Meetings is essential reading for anyone interested in making the most of their presentation and taking the fear out of the process. Written in a clear and accessible style, Shephard gives friendly, no-nonsense advice on how to avoid disasters and engage your audience. A vital book for post-graduate students, academics and professionals alike, Presenting at Conferences, Seminars and Meetings is designed to ensure that you never give a bad presentation again!	2005	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803957527	Contemporary marketing and consumer behavior,an anthropological sourcebook	John F. Sherry		This exploration of marketing and consumer behaviour comprises original articles, both theoretical and empirical, and serves as a sourcebook for those interested in consumption and managerial consequences. Issues discussed include: elements of the marketing mix; advertising and promotion; relationship management; managerial intervention and stakeholder response; organization behaviour; economic development; class-and-gender-linked consumer behaviour; and the production of consumption. They are examined using anthropological perspectives and methods ranging from materialistic to semiotic.	1995	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803971554	Punishment for profit,private prisons/public concerns	David Shichor		This thought-provoking book presents a systematic and complete review of the literature on prison privatization. In light of the current trend towards private prisons, David Shichor examines the key ethical, legal, political and theoretical issues concerning a prison population not only regarded as undesirable but also open to social and political manipulation. He addresses a number of fundamental questions: What are the limits of civil liberties? What are the bonds holding members of society together? What are the functions of state and government?Punishment for Profit is an excellent resource for the continued efforts to resolve a critical issue facing our community.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761970132	Embodying the monster,encounters with the vulnerable self	Margrit Shildrick		'(A) consistently interesting and provocative work, which offers a great deal in seven chapters. It marks an innovative interdisciplinary approach to questions of embodiment and subjectivity' - Disability and Society  'This is an elegantly written book which has, as its main aim, to rethink the idea of difference in the western imaginary through a consideration of two themes: monsters and how these have come to define, but potentially to deconstruct, normality; and the whole idea of vulnerability and the vulnerable and the extent to which such a state is one that all of us are constantly in danger of entering ... The theoretical and philosophical content - Derrida, Lacan, Foucault, Irrigaray, Butler, Levinas, and Haraway in particular - together with the range of empirical examples used to illustrate the arguments, make the book an ideal one for third level undergraduates and for post-graduates, particularly those studying the sociology of embodiment, feminist theory, critical theory and cultural studies. Shildrick accomplishes the task of making difficult ideas comprehensible without reducing them to the simplistic' - Sociology  Written by one of the most distinguished commentators in the field, this book asks why we see some bodies as `monstrous' or `vulnerable' and examines what this tells us about ideas of bodily `normality' and bodily perfection.  Drawing on feminist theories of the body, biomedical discourse and historical data, Margrit Shildrick argues that the response to the monstrous body has always been ambivalent. In trying to organize it out of the discourses of normality, we point to the impossibility of realizing a fully developed, invulnerable self. She calls upon us to rethink the monstrous, not as an abnormal category, but as a condition of attractivenes, and demonstrates how this involves an exploration of relationships between bodies and embodied selves, and a revising of the phenomenology of the body.	2002	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803962866	Expecting excellence,creating order out of chaos in a school district	Judith A. Shipengrover&James A. Conway		The experiences of an educational organization that went through significant reform over a 13-year period are described in this book. The Kenmore-Tonawonda school district in the United States underwent changes in size, structure, leadership and skills to eventually become a nationally recognized school district of excellence.	1996	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761950295	Long-term counselling	Geraldine Shipton&Eileen Smith		`This book makes a welcome appearance in today's climate where the stress is upon short-term, brief, focused counselling and therapy... the approach of the authors is comprehensive and thorough. They look at many issues which arise in the debate about long-term counselling... [it is] a very useful book for those in training. It would also be of interest to those already in practice who are involved in or considering long-term work. Where I think the book scores, especially in a society where many voices speak out against counselling in general and long-term counselling in particular, is that it constantly stresses the need for counsellors to remain open and aware, to take a professional approach, to be well-supported and supervised, to monitor their work, and to be concerned with their personal and professional development... I wish to give the authors credit for taking on the task of presenting the case for long-term counselling. They have treated the subject with care and respect, and have done credit to counselling's "unsung craft" ' - British Journal of Guidance and Counselling`Geraldine Shipton and Eileen Smith's contribution goes a long way towards filling a gap in the literature. As such it is invaluable for counsellors, trainers and supervisors working in an area of counselling which is now more usually to be found in the private sector but which, the authors argue on grounds of humanity and economics, should be available for all who need it... a valuable source for all those working with clients long term' - Counselling, The Journal of the British Association for Counselling`The strength of this book comes from the authors' obvious extensive experience of undertaking long-term counselling. It is crammed with insights, observations and anecdotes that could only have come from people who really do know the tribulations and occasional joys of this type of work' - Clinical Psychology Forum`The book pivots on six imaginary and convincing case studies, describing counselling within a variety of voluntary and statutory agencies, a range of client backgrounds, presenting problems, counsellor ability and outcome. These case presentations successfully lift the book out of the ordinary run of earnest contemplation of the counselling scene. The brain stays working; challenged and intrigued.... Rather like the best traditions in counselling, the book represents an astute balancing act. The structure, style and attitude of the book give the impression of an easy read but has has broad and deep ambitions. The co-authors achieve a digestible combination of new and old; intellect and feelings, skills and theory; good humour and hard work. They offer food for thought and development to readers from differing backgrounds and needs' - Sally Day, Psychodynamic CounsellingCounselling can be a long-term process, whether by initial design or because of the emergence of new concerns within work originally planned as short-term or focused. Occasionally, counselling is long-term by default, when the counsellor or client cannot face ending or when the counsellor cannot envisage other ways of working with a client. This book examines the complex and varied issues which can arise, with an emphasis throughout on skilled, professional and ethical practice.Encouraging trainees and practitioners to think about the day-to-day realities and issues of long-term work, the book considers working parameters and issues of definition, setting and orientation. It also focuses on assessing and managing the work, and discusses the practical and emotional concerns which will require thought as the relationship between the counsellor and client is established, develops, or falters and ends. Detailed case histories illustrate who might benefit from long-term counselling and give some sense of the nature of the relationships which may arise in long-term work.	1998-04-14	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803948792	Individual differences in language development	Cecilia M. Shore		Do all children learn language in the same way? Is the apparent "fast" vs. "slow" language learning rate among children a reflection of the individual child's approach to language acquisition? This volume explores the importance that individual differences have in acquiring language and challenges some of the widely held theories of linguistic development. Focusing on children ages one to three, the author describes characteristic differences in terms of vocabulary, grammatical, and phonological development, and considers whether distinctive "styles" of language development can be defined. In addition, the social and cognitive influences that can explain these differences are examined. The book concludes with a look at new language theories such as ecological, chaos, and connectionist approaches and considers what individual differences in development can tell us about the mechanisms of language development. Individual Differences in Language Development is invaluable for professionals and researchers in developmental psychology, family studies, education, psychology, and communication. "Cecilia M. Shore puts forward an alternative theory on differences in language development and offers an important message on the significance of context in children's early language acquisition. The principal theme has significant implications for further research as well as practical implications for teacher trainers, teachers and parents." --Durante's "Cecilia M. Shore writes in a warm and engaging style. . . . It serves her purpose well: to put across complex ideas in a clear and unforgettable form. . . . The content is right on target. Shore covers all the relevant issues in this complex area, and her review is right up to date." --Elizabeth Bates, Professor of Psychology and Professor of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego	1995-02-02	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803940826	Sharing social science data,advantages and challenges	Joan E. Sieber		Although major funding agencies now require social scientists to share their documented raw data, scientists have been reluctant to comply. The reasons include unwillingness to divulge all of the conditions under which the data were generated, cost in time and money, and the desire by social scientists to carry the research further themselves. Data sharing, however, promises to foster more open, cost-effective and cumulative research, and to improve the quality of methodology, data and inference. Sharing Social Science Data presents the major accomplishments of social scientists who have pioneered in data sharing, highlighting the advantages for social science. It also includes an examination of the reasons for data sharing, the specific sharing practices in various disciplines, the factors affecting the usefulness of shared data (documentation, archiving, and marketing), and individual and institutional concerns about data sharing. A timely examination, this cohesive and well written volume will interest graduate students and researchers in all areas of the social sciences. ". . .the chapters are thoughtful and well written, and they address many of the crucial issues faced by the social sciences in the 1990s. . . .anyone who wants to help shape the future of the social and behavioral sciences can benefit from giving this book at least a quick read." --Contemporary Psychology	1991-02-12	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803940833	Sharing social science data,advantages and challenges	Joan E. Sieber		Although major funding agencies now require social scientists to share their documented raw data, scientists have been reluctant to comply. The reasons include unwillingness to divulge all of the conditions under which the data were generated, cost in time and money, and the desire by social scientists to carry the research further themselves. Data sharing, however, promises to foster more open, cost-effective and cumulative research, and to improve the quality of methodology, data and inference. Sharing Social Science Data presents the major accomplishments of social scientists who have pioneered in data sharing, highlighting the advantages for social science. It also includes an examination of the reasons for data sharing, the specific sharing practices in various disciplines, the factors affecting the usefulness of shared data (documentation, archiving, and marketing), and individual and institutional concerns about data sharing. A timely examination, this cohesive and well written volume will interest graduate students and researchers in all areas of the social sciences. ". . .the chapters are thoughtful and well written, and they address many of the crucial issues faced by the social sciences in the 1990s. . . .anyone who wants to help shape the future of the social and behavioral sciences can benefit from giving this book at least a quick read." --Contemporary Psychology	1991-02-12	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761932024	The gendered nation,contemporary writings from South Asia	Neluka Silva		This book narrativises contemporary history by examining literary texts in the background of nation-building and the anti-colonial struggle in India, Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Bangladesh. The representation of nation in literary writings from these countries reflects certain shared phenomena of an exploitative ruling elite, communal violence based on linguistic, ethnic and/or religious differentials, and the formation of ethno-religious identities.  The female body becomes a terrain on which nationalist distinctions are made visible. The mind/body dualism and its wide-ranging institutional and cultural expressions get reflected in nationalist discourse and literature. The image of the Nation as a female body or mother earth functions in one of two ways-either as a `pure' maternal body, spiritual, inviolable and in tact or, as bruised, ravaged, raped and violated by invaders. Both these representations are contingent upon the input of a male actor, who deifies, defends and resolves them.   The author examines the critical moments in the history of contemporary South Asia as represented in literary and political culture. Four stages within nation-formation are identified in the book. Each chapter explores a different stage of this process in a specific historical moment in four nations through literary representations. These moments are explored through the notion of `gendering'.	2004	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803976627	Discourses of counselling,HIV counselling as social interaction	David Silverman		In this book, David Silverman offers a fully researched and analytically sensitive account of how counselling, as a process, is dynamically constructed through the interaction of counsellor and client. Drawing on research on counselling of clients undergoing an HIV test, the author explores the ways in which conversations between counsellors and clients reflect, embody and subtly alter assumptions about the purpose, method and practice of counselling.This critical appreciation of the modes of engagement between counsellor and client will be of interest to researchers and students of counselling, psychotherapy and associated helping professions. Practitioners - particularly those involved in HIV and other health counselling - will be stimulated to reflect on and respond to Silverman's analysis in their own practice. The book will also be essential reading for researchers and students in the traditions of sociological work on interactionism, conversation analysis and ethnomethodology, applying these approaches in a sophisticated manner to the interactionist and conversational strategies adopted in a health promotion environment.	1997	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803988781	After postmodernism,reconstructing ideology critique	Herbert W. Simons&Michael Billig		This interdisciplinary book addresses the key questions posed by the postmodernist challenge: Is it possible to reflect and criticize in an age when every claim to truth is placed under suspicion? Are social critics contaminated by the same ideological distortions they identify in society?The text reviews different responses to such dilemmas and thus examines ways to reconstruct social theory and critique following the postmodern attack on the traditional foundations of knowledge. Whether looking at political critique and praxis, feminist issues, ideology or teaching practices, the contributions are united by the need to ground a new theoretical and political position in the absence of the foundational certainties once pro	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9788178299129	Autism Spectrum Disorders : Interventions And Treatments For Children And Youth	Richard L. Simpson		Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD) present a perplexing challenge for parents and school professionals. Literally dozens of interventions and treatments are available, so how does one know which intervention strategy works best for any given child or situation? This essential new resource, Autism Spectrum Disorders, was developed to respond directly to the extraordinary difficulty school professionals and families face in selecting and applying appropriate, effective interventions and treatments for the children in their care. The information is presented in a straightforward and simple format, practical for finding clear answers to complex questions. For easy access, the book is organized into the following five intervention categories: Interpersonal Relationships, Skill-Based Treatment Programs, Cognitive Methods,Physiological/Biological/Neurological Approaches, and Other Treatments and Interventions. Each category contains several detailed reviews, including: - A description of the intervention or treatment - Reported benefits and effects associated with its use - A synthesis of how the outcomes relate to individuals with ASD - A discussion of who is best qualified to implement the intervention, including when and where - Potential costs and risksComprehensive in scope, this resource briefly evaluates over 40 commonly used and purported interventions and treatments for individuals with ASD, as well as detailed evaluations of their utility and efficiency. It will assist readers in critically evaluating and choosing those methods that have the highest probability of yielding benefits for this special population.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761992301	Colonial hegemony and popular resistance,princes, peasants, and paramount power	Hira Singh		The historiography of colonialism in India has, by and large, ignored princely India and instead, the inferences drawn from British India are generally applied to the whole of the country. This book makes a strong case for an agrarian history of India that will give due place to princely India. In the process, the author refutes the established theories of imperialist and nationalist historians, dependency theorists, theorists of the colonial mode of production and subaltern studies.  Based on considerable archival research and the author's personal acquaintance with the region and its people, this important book provides an alternative to existing approaches.	1998-04-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761995463	Designing and developing organisations for tomorrow	Anup Kumar Singh&Rajen K. Gupta&Abad Ahmed		Even as nation states such as India are being opened up to global transactions and influence, it is widely accepted that the capability to organise effectively needs to be developed indigenously, keeping in mind cultural nuances. Recognising this, this timely book brings together the latest thinking and practice in the area of organisational design and practice in India.  Written by some of India's foremost practitioners and scholars, the 20 original essays  comprising this volume focus on the issues and challenges faced by organisations in various sectors of the economy. They provide insights into the contextual and cultural influences that need to be kept in mind while designing and developing Indian organisations. Included in the volume are pertinent case studies that illustrate both organisation development in practice and the management of change.  This timely book brings together the latest thinking and practice in the area of organisational design and practice in India.	2001-09-24	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9780761992493	Human cognition,a multidisciplinary perspective	Indramani Singh&R. Parasuraman		With contributions from experimental cognitive psychology, neuroscience, developmental psychology, medical science and linguistics, this volume demonstrates the diversity of approaches to human cognition in research conducted in the East and West.  A panoramic overview of recent studies of cognition is provided, with a range of fundamental issues covered, including: the role of neuroscience; the relative scope of symbolic and sub-symbolic levels of explanation; representational questions; and applications of cognitive methods. Specific topics examined include: mechanisims of attention; Alzheimer's Disease; linguistic diversity; and social functioning.	1998-08-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761902799	The Congressional Black Caucus,racial politics in the U.S. Congress	Robert Singh		The history and influence of the Congressional Black Caucus is the theme of this book. The author demonstrates that the organization has successfully articulated the concerns of African Americans, but has only had a marginal impact on public policy. He shows that the increased membership of the Caucus has added considerable internal obstacles to the ever present external obstacles which have always constrained their power.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761992134	The native speaker,multilingual perspectives	Rajendra Singh		In today?'s multilingual world, an understanding of the notion native speaker has assumed immense importance for linguistic theorizing. The Native Speaker is a volume of original essays addressing this most fundamental of questions in the contemporary study of language. The distinguished contributors focus essentially on the origins of the concepts native speaker and also present psycho- and neurolinguistics perspectives in their assessment. Several empirically rich case studies form India, Singapore, and Africa are used to illustrate the structure of languages and the politics involved in the nativization and othering of varieties and dialects of speech. Social empowerment through language purity and linguistic corruption are related problematics which also receive attention. The emphasis is not merely on cognitive issues but on socio-historical ones as well. This volume will generate a serious debate regarding the origins and identity of the native speaker. Academics and practitioners of linguistics, sociolinguistics, sociology, and psycholinguistics will find this book of interest.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761994015	Land Reforms in India: An unfinished agenda	B. N. Yogandhar&B. K. Sinha&Pushpendra		This timely collection addresses the issue of land reforms in India in the present era of economic liberalization. The contributors: examine the achievements and failures of the past; discuss new governmental initiatives; highlight the need for an environmental perspective on land reforms; and consider management of land records. These issues are explored by examining the experiences in Jammu and Kashmir, West Bengal, and Bihar.	2000-04-14	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761994091	Patterns of work culture,cases and strategies for culture-building	Jai Ballabha Prasad Sinha		Patterns of Work Culture explores work cultures in Indian organizations and suggests strategies to create a work culture which will enable organizations to remain competitive in an increasingly globalized market.	2000-06-06	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803948631	The Legalistic organization	Sim B. Sitkin&Robert J. Bies		In this volume, a multidisciplinary group of scholars investigate the changing attitudes towards management decisions in today's workplace. Across a variety of areas traditionally reserved for managerial authority - employee hiring and firing, corporate takeovers and plant closings - managers face an increased likelihood of public and legal scrutiny of their decisions and decision-making processes. Formal procedures, decision-making criteria and the use of legal rhetoric within organizations are all addressed in the book.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803948648	The Legalistic organization	Sim B. Sitkin&Robert J. Bies		In this volume, a multidisciplinary group of scholars investigate the changing attitudes towards management decisions in today's workplace. Across a variety of areas traditionally reserved for managerial authority - employee hiring and firing, corporate takeovers and plant closings - managers face an increased likelihood of public and legal scrutiny of their decisions and decision-making processes. Formal procedures, decision-making criteria and the use of legal rhetoric within organizations are all addressed in the book.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761950240	"Race" in Britain today	Richard Skellington&Paulette Morris		This invaluable textbook offers a brief and accessible summary of knowledge about social divisions by `race' in Britain. The new edition brings the information up-to-date and expands discussion of important questions on immigration and crime statistics.  `Race' in Britain Today contains a wealth of information on the experiences and life chances of black people - in education, the labour market, health, welfare, housing and the criminal justice system. It both illuminates general issues of `race' and racism - in so far as they are quantifiable - and provides helpful demographic background on specific minority ethnic groups. The book also locates `race' within the context of other divisions in society, notably class an	1996	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803955608	Perceived control, motivation, & coping	Ellen A. Skinner		At every point in the life span, individual differences in a sense of control are strong predictors of motivation, coping, success, and failure in a wide range of life domains. What are the origins of these individual differences, how do they develop, and what are the mechanisms by which they exert such influence on psychological functioning? This book draws on theories and research covering key control constructs, including self-efficacy, learned helplessness, locus of control, and attribution theory. Ellen A. Skinner discusses such issues as the origins of control in social interactions; environmental features that promote or undermine control; developmental change in the mechanisms by which experiences of control have their effects on action; and the implications for intervening into the competence system, including interventions for people in uncontrollable circumstances. Written at a level appropriate for upper-division undergraduates, the book can serve as a supplement to the social and personality development course as well as a core text for motivation, educational psychology, or clinical courses at the graduate level. This book won't be the first one on the topic, but it will be the first one that professionals and graduate students turn to whenever they want a definitive opinion on complex questions of control or an idea for cutting-edge research on the topic of motivation, coping, and control.	1995-02-14	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803967106	Show me the evidence!,proven and promising programs for America's schools	Robert E. Slavin&Olatokunbo S. Fashola		This book will spur you to demand that student achievement programs "show the evidence!" of genuine school and student improvement.	1998-01-21	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803962125	Emerging trends in teacher preparation,the future of field experiences	Gloria Appelt Slick		Critical issues facing the future of teacher education are presented in this book. The contributors tackle factors including: multicultural education for an increasingly multicultural population; using technology in teacher preparation programmes; developing teacher leadership abilities for on the spot decision-making; and international perspectives in teacher education.	1995-06-19	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803962101	Making the difference for teachers,the field experience in actual practice	Gloria Appelt Slick		The evolution of a student teacher to a qualified teacher in the United States is explored in this practical volume. An integral element of this evolutionary process is the role played by those who mould the new teachers: the university supervisor, cooperating teacher and school principal. A useful aid to all those involved in this transition, the book is designed for use during field experience seminars and teacher training sessions.	1995-06-16	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803962118	Making the difference for teachers,the field experience in actual practice	Gloria Appelt Slick		The evolution of a student teacher to a qualified teacher in the United States is explored in this practical volume. An integral element of this evolutionary process is the role played by those who mould the new teachers: the university supervisor, cooperating teacher and school principal. A useful aid to all those involved in this transition, the book is designed for use during field experience seminars and teacher training sessions.	1995-06-16	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803962088	Preparing new teachers,operating successful field experience programs	Gloria Appelt Slick		Contributors to this volume focus on the day-to-day operation of field experience programmes for teacher preparation in the United States education system. They describe the intricacies of managing all those involved in their functioning, including university teacher educators, secretarial staff and college students. Their advice will be useful to those responsible for the organization and implementation of successful field experience programmes.	1995-06-09	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803962095	Preparing new teachers,operating successful field experience programs	Gloria Appelt Slick		Contributors to this volume focus on the day-to-day operation of field experience programmes for teacher preparation in the United States education system. They describe the intricacies of managing all those involved in their functioning, including university teacher educators, secretarial staff and college students. Their advice will be useful to those responsible for the organization and implementation of successful field experience programmes.	1995-06-09	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803962064	The Field Experience,Creating Successful Programs for New Teachers	Gloria Appelt Slick		This book explains how to develop and evaluate an effective field experience programme for student teachers. Using examples from the United States education system, contributors examine these programmes from the prospective teacher's first visit to a classroom through to programmes for newly qualified teachers.	1995-06-09	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803962071	The field experience,creating successful programs for new teachers	Gloria Appelt Slick		This book explains how to develop and evaluate an effective field experience programme for student teachers. Using examples from the United States education system, contributors examine these programmes from the prospective teacher's first visit to a classroom through to programmes for newly qualified teachers.	1995-06-09	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761955191	Facing modernity,ambivalence, reflexivity and morality	Barry Smart		Barry Smart offers a wide-ranging and critical discussion of how issues of reflexivity, ethics and moral responsibility inform social and political thought. Through a critical discussion of the `ambivalent fruits' of social analysis, exemplified in particular by the work of Foucault, Derrida, Lyotard, Baudrillard, Vattimo, Beck, Bourdieu, Goffman, Giddens, Levinas and Bauman, this book submits that an important responsibility of social enquiry today is to engage critically with the moral difficulties and ethical dilemmas which have arisen in relation to modernity.	1999-02-23	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761955207	Facing modernity,ambivalence, reflexivity and morality	Barry Smart		Barry Smart offers a wide-ranging and critical discussion of how issues of reflexivity, ethics and moral responsibility inform social and political thought. Through a critical discussion of the `ambivalent fruits' of social analysis, exemplified in particular by the work of Foucault, Derrida, Lyotard, Baudrillard, Vattimo, Beck, Bourdieu, Goffman, Giddens, Levinas and Bauman, this book submits that an important responsibility of social enquiry today is to engage critically with the moral difficulties and ethical dilemmas which have arisen in relation to modernity.	1999-02-23	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761955177	Resisting McDonaldization	Barry Smart		George Ritzer's McDonaldization thesis argued that contemporary life is succumbing to the standardization, flexibility and practicability of fast-food service. This book brings together specially commissioned papers by leading social and cultural analysts to engage in a critical appraisal of the thesis. The contributors discuss the roots of the thesis, the rationalization of late modern life, the effects of increasing cultural commodification, the continuing prominence of American cultural and economic imperialism and the impact of globalization on social and cultural life. The strengths and weaknesses of the McDonaldization thesis are clearly evaluated and the irrational consequences of rationalization are pinpointed and critically developed. The book enlarges our understanding of how everyday life is structured by new standards of bureaucratic control and performance-related criteria and plays a major role in illuminating how identity and practice are structured today. The volume concludes with a response from George Ritzer.	1999	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803948181	Effective committee service	Neil J. Smelser		Committees. Seemingly endless, boring discussions going nowhere. No university survives without them, and no faculty member can avoid them. Why are there such a plethora of committees in the university? What functions do they serve? And how can you, as a committee member or chair, ensure that the work gets done quickly and effectively with a minimum of conflict, boredom, or wasted time? Author Neil J. Smelser has incorporated decades of experience on a myriad of committees from the local level up to national policy advisory groups into this book. He skillfully demystifies committees and explains how to get on certain committees and avoid others, how to get the committee work done as efficiently as possible, how to ensure that your views are properly represented in the committee's report, how chairing a committee can help shape its mission and direct its outcome, and how to use committees as a positive factor for your academic career. Smelser's advice will be useful to anyone working in the university setting.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781873942994	B.E.S.T. Buddies,A Comprehensive Training Programme Introducing a Peer Buddy System to Support Students Starting Secondary School	Charlie Smith		Peer buddy schemes are gaining popularity as a means of supporting new pupils. Benefits help not only the new pupils but also the supporters.  The existence of a peer support system was perceived as beneficial to the school as a whole. Naylor & Cowie 1999.  Research into peer buddy systems indicates they:  " protect against bullying " promote a caring school " enhance befrienders communication skills " build confidence and trust " provide positive role models.  A photocopiable resource containing everything needed to implement, support and evaluate a peer support scheme, comprising:  " teacher notes  " six training sessions " student handbook.	2002-01-01	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9781904315278	Circle Time for Adolescents,A Seven Session Programme for 14 to 16 Year Olds	Charlie Smith		In the fourth addition to her series of books about Circle Time in the Secondary School, Charlie has developed a fascinating Circle Time book that addresses the transition from Key Stage 3 to Key Stage 4 and considers the dip in achievement especially evident amongst boys.   At this transitional phase schools focus on the continuity of curriculum rather than emotional needs. This Circle Time book helps develop emotional wellbeing and reduces the likelihood that pupils will struggle in the later stages of secondary education.  Young people need signposting, support, understanding, direction and confidence building at the start of their Key Stage 4 journey.   The seven sessions consider issues such as: " Co-operation " Conflict and anger management " Relationships " Hopes and aspirations " Stress and stress management.  Detailed facilitator notes and copiable resources are included in the book  The learning achieved in this programme fits some of the requirements of Citizenship and PSHE curriculum.	2004-03-31	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761960409	Social science in question	Mark J. Smith		How do social scientists study the social world? Is social scientific practice in transformation? Can social science learn from its own past?   This major text takes the reader on an intellectual journey starting with the story of modern science and the impact that this has had on social scientific practice, and going on to outline and critically review the major approaches to social scientific  inquiry, ranging from positivism to postmodernism. Throughout, readers are encouraged to think carefully about what it means to: study the social world in a scientific way; make connections between what they do and the everyday lives of the people they study; and look beyond their discipline and think in a postdisciplinary wa	1998	Sage Publications in association with the Open University						ZZZ000000
9780803954243	Strengthening aging families,diversity in practice and policy	Gregory C. Smith		This book examines how to strengthen the family system while improving the psychosocial well-being of each family member. It describes diverse issues faced by ageing families, the effects these issues have on individual family members and the entire family unit, and methods of strengthening family functioning. The contributors emphasize the diversity that exists in families, looking at divergence within the classic family form as well as examining newly emerging family structures such as gay and lesbian families.  Extending beyond counselling and therapy for ageing families, the book proposes preventative techniques aimed at building competencies and explores how policy intersects with family practice.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761907671	Studying and preventing homicide,issues and challenges	M. Dwayne Smith&Margaret A. Zahn		An introduction summarizes the social theories of homicide and the methodological issues in the study of homicide. This accessible volume then focuses on specific types of homicides including: mass and serial murders, homicides by youth, gang homicides, domestic homicides, homicides by female offenders, and alcohol/drug related homicides.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412970945	Hands-On Learning!,More Than 1000 Activities for Young Children Using Everyday Objects	Gwendolyn (Gwen) S. (Snyder) Kaltman		Organized into 18 themes, this resource features more than 1,000 hands-on activities using inexpensive, readily available objects to engage young children's senses.	2009-04	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803952089	Gender, families, and close relationships,feminist research journeys	Donna L. Sollie&Leigh A. Leslie		Feminist research is having an increasing impact on the study of families and close relationships. In this book, each contributor traces her or his experience of incorporating gender into a research programme informed by feminist ideas, methods and ethics. This personal statement is then used to reflexively examine the author's own work, as well as the work of others, on many of the central topics in the study of families and close relationships - love, caregiving, sexuality, friendship, ageing, work and violence.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803962811	No small feat!,taking time for change	Pearl Gold Solomon		Pearl Gold Solomon uses her in-depth knowledge and extensive experience with schools implementing curricular reform in the United States to illustrate the complexities involved in educational reform. Issues covered in the book include: the uses of power as an instrument of change; the differences among school staff in fundamental beliefs about education; and the lack of time and other resources required to resolve differences adequately and implement complex changes in student and staff roles.	1995-08-16	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788178294933	Research Methods In The Social Sciences	Somekh		This Comprehensive And Wide-Ranging Volume Brings Together The Experiences Of Leading Researchers From Across The Social Science Disciplines. It Discusses The Process Of Social Research, Its Design, Its Sponsorship, Its Funding, The Role Of The Researcher, And The Ethical Issues With Which She/He Must Engage. It Also Addresses The Major Theories Relating To Research Methods And Examines The Different Types Of Social Research Ranging From Those Of A Fundamental Kind To More Applied And Policy-Focused Work.	2004	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803989573	Psychology as metaphor	A. J. Soyland		The view that the study of rhetoric and metaphor is crucial to understanding psychological discourse is explored in this lucidly argued book. The author scrutinizes a wide range of traditional psychological theory including neuropsychology and memory, childhood development, the IQ debate, accounts of emotion and descriptions of the mind to show how rhetorical strategies and the deployment of metaphor are central to the work of creating a convincing theoretical account.  The book explores the distinction between philosophy and rhetoric and offers an interdisciplinary analysis of theories of metaphor and language while pointing to future directions for research. Its theoretical breadth is matched by its wide-ranging treatment	1994-04-13	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803989580	Psychology as metaphor	A. J. Soyland		The view that the study of rhetoric and metaphor is crucial to understanding psychological discourse is explored in this lucidly argued book. The author scrutinizes a wide range of traditional psychological theory including neuropsychology and memory, childhood development, the IQ debate, accounts of emotion and descriptions of the mind to show how rhetorical strategies and the deployment of metaphor are central to the work of creating a convincing theoretical account.The book explores the distinction between philosophy and rhetoric and offers an interdisciplinary analysis of theories of metaphor and language while pointing to future directions for research. Its theoretical breadth is matched by its wide-ranging treatment	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761967668	Environment and global modernity	Gert Spaargaren&A. P. J. Mol&Frederick H. Buttel		This accomplished book argues that we can only make sense of environmental issues if we consider them as part of a more encompassing process of social transformation. It asks whether there is an emerging consensus between social scientists on the central issues in the debate on environmental change, and if concerns about the environment constitute a major prop to the process of globalization? The book provides a thorough discussion of the central themes in environmental sociology, identifying two traditions: ecological modernization theory and risk society theory.	2000	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761967675	Environment and global modernity	Gert Spaargaren&A. P. J. Mol&Frederick H. Buttel		This accomplished book argues that we can only make sense of environmental issues if we consider them as part of a more encompassing process of social transformation. It asks whether there is an emerging consensus between social scientists on the central issues in the debate on environmental change, and if concerns about the environment constitute a major prop to the process of globalization? The book provides a thorough discussion of the central themes in environmental sociology, identifying two traditions: ecological modernization theory and risk society theory.	2000	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178298894	Negotiation : Communication For Diverse Settings	Michael L Spangle&Myra Warren Isenhart		Negotiation is not formulaic. How we negotiate is determined largely by the context in which the negotiation process takes place.Negotiation: Communication for Diverse Settings provides the reader with a comprehensive overview of the negotiation process as it applies to a wide variety of contexts. Skillfully weaving practitioner interviews and real world examples throughout the book, Michael Spangle and Myra Warren Isenhart emphasize the day-to-day relevance of negotiation skill. The authors provide knowledge vital to successful negotiation in a variety of situations, including interpersonal relations, the workplace, shopping and other consumer settings, community relations, and international affairs. Discussions of the moral and ethical dilemmas of negotiation-as well as the detail provided in various sections, such as international negotiations will undoubtedly prove useful to novice and seasoned negotiators alike.Features of this text: - Takes a communication perspective, analyzing the negotiation process and how different settings and elements affect negotiation strategies and techniques- Discusses the cultural context of conflict- Introduces basic theoretical principles and practical steps in the negotiating process- Moves on a continuum from micro (interpersonal) to macro (international) levels of negotiation- Addresses the interpersonal skills necessary for effective negotiation, factors that cause negotiations to break down, and what to do when that happens- Includes Professional Profiles interviews with professional negotiators from a variety of backgrounds- Brings concepts to life for students through the use of boxed negotiation examples from a variety of contexts	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761950745	Communism, capitalism, and the mass media	Colin Sparks&Anna Reading		Colin Sparks provides a challenging reassessment of the impact of the collapse of communism on the media systems of Eastern Europe. He analyzes both the changes themselves and their implications for the ways in which we think about the mass media, while also demonstrating that most of the orthodox accounts of the end of communism are seriously flawed. There are much greater continuities between the old system and the new than are captured by the theories that argue that there has been a radical and fundamental change.Instead of marking the end of critical inquiry or the end of history, as some have suggested, Sparks argues that the collapse of the communist systems demonstrates how very limited and frequently incorrect the main ways of discussing the mass media are. He concludes with a provocative discussion of the ways in which we need to modify our thinking in the light of these developments.	1998	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761950752	Communism, capitalism, and the mass media	Colin Sparks&Anna Reading		Colin Sparks provides a challenging reassessment of the impact of the collapse of communism on the media systems of Eastern Europe. He analyzes both the changes themselves and their implications for the ways in which we think about the mass media, while also demonstrating that most of the orthodox accounts of the end of communism are seriously flawed. There are much greater continuities between the old system and the new than are captured by the theories that argue that there has been a radical and fundamental change.Instead of marking the end of critical inquiry or the end of history, as some have suggested, Sparks argues that the collapse of the communist systems demonstrates how very limited and frequently incorrect the	1998	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780826457691	The Mirror and the Hammer	Ernesto Spinelli		`I found this book a joy to read. Each chapter sets out the orthodoxy in question then proceeds to explain lucidly the author's difficulties with this orthodoxy and to suggest an alternative way of looking at the issues' - Self and Society  Psychotherapy's influence seems all pervasive today. But to what end? Is helping people really therapy's main mission? This provocative book explores the alternatives to psychotherapeutic orthodoxies on such vital issues as sexuality; the self; the unconscious; creativity; and the dilemma of evil. Erensto Spinelli challenges psychotherapy, asking if it has retreated from its early promise of being a pivotal agent in our attempts to discover what it means to be human, in exchange for its current role as a pacifier of personal and social unease.	2003-02-01	SAGE Publications						PSY028000
9780803986534	Changing human reproduction,social science perspectives	Meg Stacey&Margaret Stacey		Despite the extensive debates about new reproductive technologies, there is still little published research on the social and cultural implications of the new reproductive techniques. Our understanding of how babies are conceived and what it means to be a parent or relative have become more complex. The authors argue that the neglect of social research into new reproductive technologies has led to a failure to make the necessary provisions for their consequences. The plight of the involuntary childless who, having been helped to conceive, find themselves with three, four or more babies illustrates this point clearly.	1992-11-02	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803986541	Changing human reproduction,social science perspectives	Meg Stacey&Margaret Stacey		Despite the extensive debates about new reproductive technologies, there is still little published research on the social and cultural implications of the new reproductive techniques. Our understanding of how babies are conceived and what it means to be a parent or relative have become more complex. The authors argue that the neglect of social research into new reproductive technologies has led to a failure to make the necessary provisions for their consequences. The plight of the involuntary childless who, having been helped to conceive, find themselves with three, four or more babies illustrates this point clearly.	1992-11-02	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761908791	State devolution in America,implications for a diverse society	Janet E. Kodras&Lynn A. Staeheli&Colin Flint&Association of American Geographers. Meeting		Transforming American Government explores the "reinventing of government" and the dramatic policy changes that affect both the scope and scale of government. Devolution, privatization, and dismantling of state functions are forcing us to search for new divisions of responsibility among national, state, and local governments. At the heart of this reorganization is the issue of geographically distributing power and resources on a diverse map of regional conditions and political cultures. This assemblage of social scientists analyzes the impetus, nature, and impact of state devolution. While debates over such changes typically center on economic, political, and social change, these authors shift the debate to an examination of the complex geographical implications of devolution. In a society as territorially fragmented and diverse as the U.S., changes in the form and function of government are experienced differently in different parts of the country. This comprehensive volume details the outcomes of restructuring and explores how the redistribution of resources and responsibilities affects the lives of all Americans.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761908807	State devolution in America,implications for a diverse society	Janet E. Kodras&Lynn A. Staeheli&Colin Flint&Association of American Geographers. Meeting		Transforming American Government explores the "reinventing of government" and the dramatic policy changes that affect both the scope and scale of government. Devolution, privatization, and dismantling of state functions are forcing us to search for new divisions of responsibility among national, state, and local governments. At the heart of this reorganization is the issue of geographically distributing power and resources on a diverse map of regional conditions and political cultures. This assemblage of social scientists analyzes the impetus, nature, and impact of state devolution. While debates over such changes typically center on economic, political, and social change, these authors shift the debate to an examination of the complex geographical implications of devolution. In a society as territorially fragmented and diverse as the U.S., changes in the form and function of government are experienced differently in different parts of the country. This comprehensive volume details the outcomes of restructuring and explores how the redistribution of resources and responsibilities affects the lives of all Americans.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803940017	The Legacy of longevity,health and health care in later life	Sidney M. Stahl&Midwest Council for Social Research in Aging		With increasing numbers of elderly people in our society, the importance of issues of health, illness, disability and health services for the elderly looms ever larger. The research literature has correspondingly expanded to examine these issues. In this volume, leading researchers in social gerontology present the current state of knowledge about health and ageing. Topics covered range from conceptual and measurement issues, to social factors in health and illness, to use of services, financing of health care, caregiving and medical consumerism amongst the elderly.	1990-10-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803940024	The Legacy of longevity,health and health care in later life	Sidney M. Stahl&Midwest Council for Social Research in Aging		With increasing numbers of elderly people in our society, the importance of issues of health, illness, disability and health services for the elderly looms ever larger. The research literature has correspondingly expanded to examine these issues. In this volume, leading researchers in social gerontology present the current state of knowledge about health and ageing. Topics covered range from conceptual and measurement issues, to social factors in health and illness, to use of services, financing of health care, caregiving and medical consumerism amongst the elderly.	1990	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803950047	A History of race relations research,first-generation recollections	John H. Stanfield		Winner of the Outstanding Book Award on the subject matter of human rights in North America by The Gustavus Myers Center While race relations research is currently a central topic in most social science disciplines, it was not long ago that it was a stigmatized, understudied specialty. How this transformation took place is the focus of this fascinating volume. Here, many of the key figures in the post-World War II development of race research tell their own stories--of their experiences with race and racism, of the developing interest in understanding race as a social force, and of the major milestones that established it as a legitimate research domain. Through a mixture of personal and intellectual biographical information by such noted figures as Bob Blauner, Daniel Fusfeld, Milton Gordon, Lewis Killian, Harry Kitano, Hyland Lewis, Stanley Lieberson, Thomas Pettigrew, Richard Robbins, Peter Rose, Pierre van den Berghe, and Frank Westie, this collection of life histories gives the reader an insider's history of this exciting field of study. For students and professionals across the social sciences, this book is a must.	1993	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803964884	Charting school change,improving the odds for successful school reform	Barbara Dodds Stanford		The author uses ecological principles and chaos theory to understand why school changes succeed or fail. The book unifies new research on the nature of knowledge and intelligence, the role of school in society, staff development, classroom teaching practices, the processes of school change, the relationship of education and culture, and authentic assessment.	1998-03-09	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803964891	Charting school change,improving the odds for successful school reform	Barbara Dodds Stanford		The author uses ecological principles and chaos theory to understand why school changes succeed or fail. The book unifies new research on the nature of knowledge and intelligence, the role of school in society, staff development, classroom teaching practices, the processes of school change, the relationship of education and culture, and authentic assessment.	1998-03-09	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803975408	Knowing feminisms,on academic borders, territories and tribes	Liz Stanley		Knowing Feminisms looks at feminism as a vital source of new knowledge and new ways of working throughout a range of disciplines. It also scrutinizes the sometimes highly problematic forms its presence within academia can take. The contributors, all well-known feminist academics, discuss the epistemological and ontological `borderlands' that feminisms inhabit, which although within, still remain `other' to, the academy. The book addresses fundamentally important questions such as: Should feminists work within traditional disciplines or abandon them in favour of Women's Studies? Is the idea of feminist pedagogy as `empowerment' actually one which de-skills? Does the feminist transformation of some academic disciplines	1997-05-05	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803943339	Social research on children and adolescents,ethical issues	Barbara Stanley&Joan E. Sieber&National Institutes of Health (U.S.). Office for Protection from Research Risks		A first in its field, this timely volume effectively bridges the gap between the legal requirements that govern research on minors and the research methodology literature in adolescent psychology. The editors skillfully bring together the insights of a group of leading researchers and scholars to address and resolve the following issues: what theory and research on human development can tell researchers about adolescents' vulnerability to several kinds of risk research and how to reduce that vulnerability; what the law says about young peoples' rights to privacy; how the relevant ethical theory or guidelines should apply to minors approaching adulthood; under what circumstances parental consent does not protect children's rights; and how one explains the research process to a young adult. Social Research on Children and Adolescents reaches a wide audience from professionals in development psychology, family studies, and education to researchers in evaluation, research methods, and sociology to students in the above fields; all will undoubtedly benefit from this book. "Social Research on Children and Adolescents is an invaluable resource for researchers who confront questions such as how to assess risks and benefits within a developmental framework, what legal constraints and ethical principles guide research practice, and how to explain research participation to youth who differ greatly in their comprehension of the enterprise. . . . The major strength of this book, aside from its effective integration of developmental theory and research ethics, is the repeated examination of concrete research problems in light of ethical principles and legal requirements. . . . [This book] will be a useful addition to the library of any social scientist who conducts psychological research with children." --Death Studies	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853962295	Bolton Twenty Years On,The Small Firm in the 1990s	John Stanworth		November 1991 was the 20th anniversary of the seminal Report of the Committee of Inquiry on Small Firms, under the Chairmanship of John Bolton. Few other reports of its kind can have had such an enduring impact on the fields of business, economics, politics and management training.  Twenty years on, we now have a Minister with responsibility for small firms; the clearing banks have specialist small firms' sections: TECs, Enterprise Agencies, Chambers of Commerce and colleges all address themselves to meeting the needs of the small business sector.  In Bolton 20 Years On, John Stanworth, Colin Gray and a team of Small Business Research Trust writers take stock of this crucial segment of the economy and outline factors that will influence the future of small-scale enterprise in the UK.	1993-02-28	SAGE Publications						BUS060000
9780761996965	The Evolution of the State Bank of India: The era of the Imperial Bank of India, 1921-1955	Amiya Kumar Bagchi&State Bank of India		This book is primarily a history of the working of the Imperial Bank of India, the foremost bank of the Indian subcontinent, during the years 1921 to 1955. It is principally based on the vast archival materials of the State Bank of India, which have never been accessed before.	2003-04-08	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803961050	Building coalitions,how to link TQE schools with government, business, and community	Betty E. Steffy&Jane Clark Lindle		This volume argues that only by combining the forces of the schools, the community, business and social services can we tackle growing social and educational problems. The authors combine experience and expertise to offer a dynamic, practical book that gives educators the tools and strategies for conceptualizing, designing and implementing coalitions.	1994-04-08	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761975397	Life cycle of the career teacher	Betty E. Steffy&Kappa Delta Pi (Honor society)		This book presents a model for delivery of a lifetime of reflection, renewal, and growth--from preservice through retirement.	2000	Kappa Delta Pi						ZZZ000000
9780803978911	Knowledge societies	Nico Stehr		In this broad-ranging analysis of the central role that knowledge plays in our life, Nico Stehr critically examines the premises of existing social theory and explores the knowledge relations in advanced societies. The result is a significant new synthesis of social theory.The issues addressed in Knowledge Societies include: the process of scientization; the transformation of the political system by increasingly knowledgeable citizens; the rise of specific areas of expertise and changes in corresponding institutions based on the deployment of specialized knowledge; a shift in the nature of societal conflict from struggles about the allocation of income and property to claims and conflict about generalized human need	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803986992	Practical knowledge,applying the social sciences	Nico Stehr		The status of the social sciences as knowledge presents two fundamental problems. The first is epistemological: In what sense is the subject of the social sciences known and knowable? The second, pragmatic: Can knowledge generated by the social sciences be applied, and with what consequences? In Practical Knowledge, Nico Stehr offers a major reassessment of the utility of social science knowledge. In reassessing the practical value of social science, Stehr examines a classic case of the application of social science on a grand scale: Keynesian economics. To what extent can the political, social, and economic policies pursued in Keynesian economics be related to Keynesian ideas as social science? Arguing for a reconception of the ways in which social scientific knowledge can be and is applied, this volume will be of great interest to a broad range of social scientists including social theorists, economic theorists, sociologists of knowledge, historians of the social sciences, and those involved in social policy. "This is one of the most insightful contemporary treatments of the potential for a pragmatic sociology--'sociology as enlightenment.' It builds explicitly on Mannheim's thoughts about a scientific politics, and draws widely on contemporary German theories of the action-praxis matrix. . . . Stehr's vision is irrepressible." --Contemporary Sociology "An important first step to lure academic social science out of its present deadlock and to alter the widely shared perception of its deficits. Built around a case study of Keynes' success in producing 'knowledge for practice,' Stehr argues for the necessity of 'practical knowledge' as a special kind of social science knowledge that takes its context of application into account. A pragmatic social science will thus have to become enriched not only in knowing its local contingencies, but in anticipating also the contingencies of its own societal use." --Helga Nowotny, University of Vienna "This thought-provoking little book is bucking a trend within social science theory. It has avoided the dead-end alley of post-modernist, post-structuralist and de-constructionist word games addressing the serious problems which constitute the crisis of social science in our time." --The Canadian Journal of Sociology	1992	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803946064	Telecommunications in transition,policies, services, and technologies in the European Community	Charles William Steinfield&Johannes M. Bauer&Laurence Caby		In today's global economy, the role of telecommunications is becoming increasingly strategic. Nowhere is this more apparent than in the evolving European Community where the players, issues, emerging technologies, services and policy trends are undergoing unprecedented change.  In this volume, leading scholars from both North America and Europe provide the necessary background information for analyzing European telecommunications policies, including conceptual frameworks, institutional structures, liberalization approaches and new technology and service initiatives. This is the only text to examine issues comparatively across national contexts, and includes a broad perspective of the entire European Community.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803946071	Telecommunications in transition,policies, services, and technologies in the European Community	Charles William Steinfield&Johannes M. Bauer&Laurence Caby		In today's global economy, the role of telecommunications is becoming increasingly strategic. Nowhere is this more apparent than in the evolving European Community where the players, issues, emerging technologies, services and policy trends are undergoing unprecedented change.In this volume, leading scholars from both North America and Europe provide the necessary background information for analyzing European telecommunications policies, including conceptual frameworks, institutional structures, liberalization approaches and new technology and service initiatives. This is the only text to examine issues comparatively across national contexts, and includes a broad perspective of the entire European Community.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412964524	Teaching for Wisdom, Intelligence, Creativity, and Success	Robert J. Sternberg&Linda Jarvin&Elena L. Grigorenko		Based on an extensive research, this practical teaching resource provides instructional and assessment guidelines for strengthening students' higher-order thinking and reasoning skills.	2009-01	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761950394	Understanding the self	Richard Stevens		'I judge this book to be something of a triumph. It provides many valuable insights into how social psychologists work within different paradigms and with quite different assumptions.... Throughout, the writing is clear, central issues are constantly re-examined, and sight is never lost of the whole "task" of the book... it addresses central issues both adventurously and provocatively. Students who use it are lucky to have such a feast provided, and they are bound to find the material both challenging and stimulating... there is much more about self issues in this text than in any comparable social psychology text. And that, in itself, is a major achievement' - Self & Society'An absolutely terrific book - very innovative and in some ways really revolutionary: a wonderfully thoughtful volume... designed to teach people not just about social psychology, but how to think social psychology' - Jerome Bruner, New York University'This is the most forward looking text I have ever encountered. Where most textbooks are composed of dry summaries of past accomplishments, the present volume draws students into dialogue on cutting-edge issues. Both teachers and students will be enriched' - Kenneth Gergen, Swarthmore College, PennsylvaniaThis accessible, broad-based and authoritative textbook explores theories and research relating to the self for students of personality and social psychology. A feature of the book is that it is designed to provoke reflection in readers, both on their own experience and on the nature of social psychological understanding.It engages with contemporary debates about the nature of self by contrasting original and leading-edge treatments from five perspectives: biological; cognitive-experimental; experiential; social constructionist; and psychodynamic. The concluding chapter explores how these perspectives interrelate, through a discussion of the dilemmas of self and identity in modern society.Understanding the Self is one of three books which form the core of the Open University's course Social Psychology: Personal Lives, Social Worlds.	1996-02	Sage Publications in association with the Open University						ZZZ000000
9780803942738	Integrating social support in nursing	Miriam Joyce Stewart		This is the first volume on social support from a nursing perspective. The author documents nursing's contribution to the field and analyzes current conceptual controversies. She emphasizes the necessity for a social support based framework and proposes a psychosocial model of health care delivery that incorporates environment, nursing and health and that regards patients as partners, families as allies.	1993-06-09	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803934931	Team entrepreneurship	Alex Stewart		An emerging approach to collective entrepreneurship by employees is described in this volume. The author uses as the basis of his research a car parts factory - a small yet highly successful division of a quickly growing and profitable corporation. Stewart describes the resources needed for the company to succeed, which include work action, management participation, and internal transformational capabilities. Finally he relates the concept to cross-cultural studies of entrepreneurship.	1989	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803934948	Team entrepreneurship	Alex Stewart		An emerging approach to collective entrepreneurship by employees is described in this volume. The author uses as the basis of his research a car parts factory - a small yet highly successful division of a quickly growing and profitable corporation. Stewart describes the resources needed for the company to succeed, which include work action, management participation, and internal transformational capabilities. Finally he relates the concept to cross-cultural studies of entrepreneurship.	1989	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761902690	Statistical computing environments for social research	Robert A. Stine&John Fox		The nature of statistics has changed from classical notions of hypothesis testing, towards graphical and exploratory data analysis which exploits the flexibility of interactive computing and graphical displays. This book describes seven statistical computing environments - APL2STAT, GAUSS, Lisp-Stat, Mathematica, S, SAS//IML, and Stata - which can be used effectively in graphical and exploratory modeling.  These statistical computing environments, in contrast to standard statistical packages, provide programming tools for building other statistical applications. Programmability, flexible data structures, and - in the case of some of the computing environments - graphical interfaces and object-oriented programming, permit res	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803957930	Sexual harassment in the workplace,perspectives, frontiers, and response strategies	Margaret S. Stockdale		Sexual harassment is now a universally recognized topic of concern for employers as well as employed women. The contributors to this volume provide a comprehensive look at what we know about sexual harassment. Their findings are grounded in theory, research and practice.	1996-03-12	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803957947	Sexual harassment in the workplace,perspectives, frontiers, and response strategies	Margaret S. Stockdale		Sexual harassment is now a universally recognized topic of concern for employers as well as employed women. The contributors to this volume provide a comprehensive look at what we know about sexual harassment. Their findings are grounded in theory, research and practice.	1996	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803934993	Ending men's violence against their partners,one road to peace	Richard A. Stordeur&Richard Stille		This practical guide leads counsellors working with violent men through the specifics of the counselling process, instructing the reader in particular clinical skills, strategies and programme content. The authors present a group treatment programme as the treatment of choice but also describe individual assessment and counselling. They start by examining current theory and research and identify the most salient factors in understanding men who assault their partners. They then detail preparatory work, including assessment prior to entering a programme, and examine crisis intervention work. There is then a focus on group therapy with a detailed treatment manual, followed by an exploration of the personal and interpersonal effects of working	1989-10	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853961809	New wave manufacturing strategies,organizational and human resource management dimensions	John Storey		Over the past decade, many companies have adopted new strategies for manufacturing, which have taken their competitiveness on to new planes. A whole array of initiatives, such as FMS, JIT, TQM, CIM, and MRP II, have been introduced. This book deals with the far-reaching significance of these new approaches - collectively labelled "new wave manufacturing".  Considerable research evidence as well as practitioners' own experiences make one crucial point time and time again. The organizational as well as the human resource management aspects of these new strategies are critical to their success or failure. The underlying theme which is tackled in this book, therefore, is to what extent do these new operational strategies require a matching set of organizational and HR strategies?  By looking at the issues through the joint eyes of production and behavioural analysts, this book provides an unique introduction to the new developments in manufacturing as well as providing an up-to-date assessment of the organizational and H R dimensions to these methods.  New Wave Manufacturing Strategies has a vision which goes beyond the "new technology"/advanced manufacturing technology discussions.  The chapters have been written in a clear, accessible manner by leading experts from Europe, the USA and Australia as well as from the UK.	1994	P. Chapman						ZZZ000000
9781904315308	Welcome to Friendship,A Course That Empowers Young People to Discover the Need For and Value of Positive Relationships	John Street		In writing this ten session course John draws upon his many years of experience working with young people. The main theme of this book is that if we can build good friendships they will sustain us throughout our lives. It also aims to help young people understand the importance of friendship as a crucial part of childhood and adult life.  During the programme students work from a reflection of themselves towards an understanding of the reciprocity which is developed in relationships. The content could be used in schools or youth and faith groups.  The sessions include:  " respect " support " encouragement " communication.  The format includes a copiable student workbook with illustrations. The materials can be photocopied or printed from the CD.  A really valuable resource that will not only assist young people in understanding friendship but will engage them with its lively approach supported by an attractive workbook.	2004-05-01	Lucky Duck Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780803959606	Minimalism, scope, and VP structure	Thomas S. Stroik		Thomas Stroik advances recent work in generative grammars in this book. Bringing together Chomsky's minimalist assumptions of syntactic representation with Aoun and Li's scope theory of logical form, the author investigates what the logical form of a sentence can tell us about the base structure of verb phrases. In considering how it is possible to determine base argument structure from logical representation, he argues that scopal relations provide the clearest view into base argument structure. Individual chapters are devoted to data from the following constructions: double-object, multiple-wh, bare-NP adverbial and psych-verb.	1996-06-18	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803959613	Minimalism, scope, and VP structure	Thomas S. Stroik		Thomas Stroik advances recent work in generative grammars in this book. Bringing together Chomsky's minimalist assumptions of syntactic representation with Aoun and Li's scope theory of logical form, the author investigates what the logical form of a sentence can tell us about the base structure of verb phrases. In considering how it is possible to determine base argument structure from logical representation, he argues that scopal relations provide the clearest view into base argument structure. Individual chapters are devoted to data from the following constructions: double-object, multiple-wh, bare-NP adverbial and psych-verb.	1996-09-06	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761992776	Providence and the Raj,imperial mission and missionary imperialism	Gerald Studdert-Kennedy		How did the religious beliefs of imperialist Christians shape politics under the Raj? Drawing on disciplines from political economics to theology to literature, Studdert-Kennedy seeks to explain how religious convictions of the British and their notions of Providence played an important part in their colonial rule.	1998-08-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761909996	Motor coordination disorders in children	David A. Sugden&Helen C. Wright		The amount of research focusing on children with motor coordination disorders has risen steadily in recent years. In this volume, the authors examine the literature to assess the nature of the disorder, developmental progressions, associated features and long-term prognosis.The book will benefit professionals such as teachers, psychologists and pediatricians who work with children labelled `clumsy'. The topics covered will help such professionals with both recognition of such disorders and with intervention.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803934153	Behavior modification in the human services,a systematic introduction to concepts and applications	Sandra Stone Sundel&Martin Sundel		This book provides an up-to-date and practical approach to the concepts and applications of behaviour modification and features an innovative framework for integrating those concepts within the social services. Clinical examples drawn from eight in-depth case studies and a chapter new to this Third Edition on the cognitive behavioural approach affords viable access to significant influences currently in the field. Surpassing similar texts in its coverage of behaviour assessment, treatment planning and evaluation, this volume's clear and concise presentation make it indispensable reading.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761966128	The management of safety,the behavioural approach to changing organizations	Valerie J. Sutherland&Peter J. Makin&Charles Cox		The challenge to improve safety at work remains a key concern of many organizations, as traditional approaches to safety in organizations have not had the anticipated impact of reducing accident rates at work. As the authors of this new book show, the existing methods of attempting to enhance safe performance have very limited efficacy. The Management of Safety reviews the main theories underlying safety management and their application to developing safe behaviour, and provides an introduction to the new behaviour-based approach to safety management and quality improvement. Throughout the text, useful examples and illustrations are included to show the need for this new approach. This book should be read by anyone with an interest in or responsibility for safety in the workplace, and by academics and students of human resource management and organizational behaviour.	2000-06-22	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761911432	Career theory and practice,learning through case studies	Jane Laurel Swanson&Nadya A. Fouad		The authors of this book demonstrate with case examples how to apply career development theories to career counselling practice. Each chapter applies a different theory to case examples and - to provide continuity - to a fictitious `client' constructed from many past clients of the authors.	1999-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9788178293325	Understanding The Consumer	Szmigin		Understanding the Consumer brings together marketing theory and practice in a truly consumer-centric approach. It challenges the lip service usually paid to this concept and demonstrates that a thorough understanding of the consumer is critical for effective marketing. It also analyzes how in all the marketing hype the consumer-centric approach is often lost to other gimmicks./-//-/Isabelle Szmigin draws from the most recent analysis in marketing literature and explains how consumers respond and act in the market with particular attention to: /-/- relationships with suppliers, products and brands/-/ - their innovative, creative and resistant behaviour/-/ - the complexity and unpredictability of their consumption behaviour/-/ - their increasing need to get closer to production/-/ /-/This book bridges the gap between the theoretical discussion of issues in advanced marketing theory and the conventional textbook. The author combines a jargon-free approach to the subject with an illustration of the relevant theory using practical, topical examples from the marketplace as well as drawing on other business related disciplines, including sociology and economics, to support her arguments.	2003-09-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761996859	Does civil society matter?,governance in contemporary India	Rajesh Tandon&Ranjita Mohanty		This volume explores and analyses civil society initiatives which address and impact on issues of good governance. It makes a cogent case for broadening the conceptualisation of governance so as to rescue it from the widely prevalent view that governance is the sole responsibility of the state. The contributors argue that people must be given the space to decide what is good for them and for defining their version of governance./-//-/ The volume is divided in two sections. The first part deals with conceptual and theoretical issues concerning the interface between civil society and governance. Among the important aspects discussed are: /-/ - the concept of civil society as a third sphere/-/ - establishing a balance between the state, the market and civil society/-/ - the ways in which ordinary citizens can make the state accountable/-//-/ The second part presents five case studies of assertions in the sphere of civil society which substantiate the theoretical insights presented in the first section. This empirical evidence relates to: /-/ - the Chilika Bachao Andolan in Orissa/-/ - the Chhattisgarh Mukti Morcha/-/ - dalit assertions in the Meerut region of Uttar Pradesh/-/ - the struggle of the pavement dwellers in Mumbai to be accorded a place in civil society/-/ - the fight of Kol tribals in Uttar Pradesh to secure the rights provided to them by the state	2003-07-01	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761914686	Language processing in atypical populations	Vivien C. Tartter		This up-to-date presentation of language use and communication skills in atypical populations addresses questions on the essence of language, how it is shaped by normal cognitive, perceptual and social constraints and how it can be rehabilitated when these constraints are abnormal. The author covers: the evolutionary continuity of language as seen in communication systems in other species; the structure, power and processing of signed languages compared with spoken language; effect on language learning of language-deprivation during childhood because of abuse, neglect or deafness; developmental abnormalities which have a selective effect on language; and communication processes with brain damage or psychosis.	1998-10-16	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761920731	Handbook of mixed methods in social & behavioral research	Abbas Tashakkori&Charles Teddlie		"The Handbook provides both philosophical and practical foundations for using mixed methods in social science inquiry. Theory about mixing methods is nicely balanced and illustrated with concrete examples. All aspects of inquiry are covered from conceptualizing research to selecting methods, analyzing and interpreting data, and reporting findings. The Handbook offers the most comprehensive review of mixed methods available anywhere. It will be a definitive reference for a long time to come."  --MICHAEL QUINN PATTON, The Union Institute and Utilization-Focused Evaluation Written so that it can be used either as a pedagogical tool or as a reference for researchers, the book is rich in examples and includes a glossary, easy-to-follow diagrams, and tables to help readers become more familiar with the language and controversies in this evolving area.	2003	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781412915090	Reading and language arts worksheets don't grow dendrites,20 literacy strategies that engage the brain	Marcia L. Tate		These strategies help the educator teach reading in motivating and engaging ways. Coversphonemic awareness, comprehension, writing strategically, creating and discussing texts, and much more!	2005-05-12	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761938804	Worksheets don't grow dendrites,20 instructional strategies that engage the brain	Marcia L. Tate		Tactile learners, spatial thinkers, and logical minds alike will become eager students as the strategies in this handbook are implemented.	2003-03	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761938811	Worksheets don't grow dendrites,20 instructional strategies that engage the brain	Marcia L. Tate		"Marcia Tate has done it! This is the most practical application of the brain compatible and learning styles research I've ever seen. The twenty strategies will make learning fun again. Every teacher should explore the rich resource for teaching offered in this book!"-William N. Bender, AuthorDifferentiating Instruction for Students With Learning Disabilities, Second Edition"When teachers in all schools integrate Tate's 20 instructional strategies into classroom instruction, school will become a place where all children can experience success regardless of their learning style."-Linda Aikens-Young, PrincipalC.J. Hicks Elementary School, Conyers, GA Design fascinating activities and inspire active learning with proven teaching tools!Attention spans, subject interest, learning styles, and even levels of understanding vary from student to student. Just as every student is different, teachers have their own personalities and teaching styles. Yet years of research confirm that certain teaching tools awaken the desire to learn in students by engaging their brains. And once their brains are engaged, synthesis, and retention of information will soar!Worksheets Don't Grow Dendrites targets teachers as "growers of brain cells" and encourages them to make practical application of the findings of learning style theorists and neuroscientists. Tactile learners, spatial thinkers, and logical minds alike will become eager students as the strategies in this handbook are implemented. Imagine raising student achievement by meeting the learning needs of each student and increasing subject matter understanding, all while enjoying teaching and learning. Marcia Tate demonstrates 20 strategies, including: Using humor and telling stories Implementing problem-based instruction Incorporating games into lessons Utilizing mnemonic devices and metaphors And even singing and dancing while learningActively engaging students in the learning process is the best way for them to succeed in school-and in life. Give them an edge by growing their dendrites!Also see:Worksheets Don't Grow Dendrites (Multimedia Kit)	2003	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788178294681	Experience : For A Different Kind Of Globalization	Tazi		The Keywords Series is based on a simple yet unique idea. It brings together scholars from six regions of the world representing different disciplines, each of whom explores the meanings and nuances of certain universal concepts writing from their own socio-cultural specificities and historical settings. These books, therefore, present the diversity of cultural traditions in an era characterized by the homogenizing effects of globalization./-//-/The Series currently comprises four books dealing respectively with Truth, Gender, Identity and Experience. Each of these concepts is widely used in daily discourse but most of us are unclear about their philosophical and cultural roots; and we are even more unaware of how these same key concepts are viewed in other societies. /-//-/Designed, therefore, to foster an inter-cultural dialogue, these absorbing books present multiple understandings of concepts that are key to our understanding of the human condition. In short, they are required reading for all those who see themselves as informed citizens of the world.	2004-09-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788178294698	Gender : For A Different Kind Of Globalization	Tazi		The Keywords Series is based on a simple yet unique idea. It brings together scholars from six regions of the world representing different disciplines, each of whom explores the meanings and nuances of certain universal concepts writing from their own socio-cultural specificities and historical settings. These books, therefore, present the diversity of cultural traditions in an era characterized by the homogenizing effects of globalization./-//-/The Series currently comprises four books dealing respectively with Truth, Gender, Identity and Experience. Each of these concepts is widely used in daily discourse but most of us are unclear about their philosophical and cultural roots; and we are even more unaware of how these same key concepts are viewed in other societies. /-//-/Designed, therefore, to foster an inter-cultural dialogue, these absorbing books present multiple understandings of concepts that are key to our understanding of the human condition. In short, they are required reading for all those who see themselves as informed citizens of the world.	2004-09-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788178294674	Identity : For A Different Kind Of Globalization	Tazi		The Keywords Series is based on a simple yet unique idea. It brings together scholars from six regions of the world representing different disciplines, each of whom explores the meanings and nuances of certain universal concepts writing from their own socio-cultural specificities and historical settings. These books, therefore, present the diversity of cultural traditions in an era characterized by the homogenizing effects of globalization./-//-/The Series currently comprises four books dealing respectively with Truth, Gender, Identity and Experience. Each of these concepts is widely used in daily discourse but most of us are unclear about their philosophical and cultural roots; and we are even more unaware of how these same key concepts are viewed in other societies. /-//-/Designed, therefore, to foster an inter-cultural dialogue, these absorbing books present multiple understandings of concepts that are key to our understanding of the human condition. In short, they are required reading for all those who see themselves as informed citizens of the world.	2004-09-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788178296173	Nature : For A Different Kind Of Globalization	Tazi		The Keywords Series is based on a simple yet unique idea. It brings together scholars from six regions of the world representing different disciplines, each of whom explores the meanings and nuances of certain universal concepts writing from their own socio-cultural specificities and historical settings. These books, therefore, present the diversity of cultural traditions in an era characterized by the momogenizing effects of globalization./-//-/The Series currently comprises five books dealing respectively with Truth, Gender, Identity, Experience and Nature. Each of these concepts is widely used in daily discourse but most of us are unclear about their philosophical and cultural roots; and we are even more unaware of how these same key concepts are viewed in other societies./-//-/Designed, therefore, to foster an inter-cultural dialogue, these absorbing books present multiple understandings of concepts that are key to our understandings of concepts that are key to our understanding of the human condition. In short, they are required reading for all those who see themselves as informed citizens of the world.	2005-10-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788178294704	Truth : For A Different Kind Of Globalization	Tazi		The Keywords Series is based on a simple yet unique idea. It brings together scholars from six regions of the world representing different disciplines, each of whom explores the meanings and nuances of certain universal concepts writing from their own socio-cultural specificities and historical settings. These books, therefore, present the diversity of cultural traditions in an era characterized by the homogenizing effects of globalization./-//-/The Series currently comprises four books dealing respectively with Truth, Gender, Identity and Experience. Each of these concepts is widely used in daily discourse but most of us are unclear about their philosophical and cultural roots; and we are even more unaware of how these same key concepts are viewed in other societies. /-//-/Designed, therefore, to foster an inter-cultural dialogue, these absorbing books present multiple understandings of concepts that are key to our understanding of the human condition. In short, they are required reading for all those who see themselves as informed citizens of the world.	2004-09-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788178293707	Effective Advertising : Understanding When, How, And Why Advertising Works	Tellis		Effective Advertising evaluates and summarizes an extensive body of research on advertising effectiveness. The primary focus of the book is on the immediate and carryover effects of advertising on consumer choice, sales and market share. The book further reviews research on the rich variety of ad appeals and suggests which appeals work, explaining when, how, and why they work.	2004-03-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803974869	Moral culture	Keith Tester		In Moral Culture Keith Tester examines what it means to be moral in contemporary social and cultural life. He takes the highly original step of exploring what the massacres in the Balkans and Rwanda, the Holocaust and the slaughter of Vietnamese peasants at My Lai might mean to the relatively safe and secure individuals in the West. Increasingly in the West horror is experienced only through television and cinema screens and Tester looks at the moral possibilities and implications of this, and what it means to those who are its consumers. Tester also addresses the pressing concern of whether or not this is a time of moral decay. He uses a wide range of literature to explore these questions and develops his account around debates raised by Arendt, Simmel, Riesman and Bauman. Moral Culture will be required reading for students of sociology, cultural studies, political science and moral philosophy.	1997-02-18	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803950801	Older men's lives	Edward H. Thompson		In this multidisciplinary portrait of men and their concerns in later life, the contributors use both a life course and gendered perspective to point out that the image and self-image of men are continually reconstructed throughout the life cycle. Issues examined include: the position of older men in society and the changes wrought in their status and roles over time; men's relationships to spouse, children, grandchildren and friends; and policy implications.	1994-06-08	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178293332	War And The Media : Reporting Conflict 24/7	Thussu&Des Freedman		With instant global communication and 24/7 rolling news, images of war and conflict fill television screens around the world. This book assesses the effects of 9/11 and its aftermath on the political, cultural and professional contexts of news. The volume explores media representations of the `War on Terrorism,`and looks at the emergence of new players such as Al-Jazeera. Other key themes include the blurring of information with entertainment, gender dimensions of news, and the role of new media technologies in communicating conflict.	2003-09-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761906827	Academic outlaws,queer theory and cultural studies in the academy	William G. Tierney		Scholarly yet provocatively written, Academic Outlaws presents a discussion of how life in the academic world is experienced by gay men and lesbian women. Using a narrative style that mixes autobiography, case study data and fiction, William G Tierney provides timely insight into the challenges gays and lesbians face in higher education and proposes an alternative process for redefining long-established cultural norms.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853961953	Managing the internal market	Ian Tilley		Managing the Internal Market inquires into the management and operation of the key institutions of the NHS internal market in acute services, now in its fourth year of commissioning. It addresses the complexity and importance of 'managed competition' by offering both broad accounts by leading academics and chapters by practitioners - purchasers, providers, managers, doctors and nurses - two worlds not frequently brought together in a single volume. Only by listening to these different voices, with their particular interests and ways of viewing the internal market, will an adequate understanding begin to emerge.	1993-06-28	P. Chapman Pub.						ZZZ000000
9781873942642	The Positively Mad Guide to the Secrets of Successful Students,Super Speed Study Skills	Michael Tipper		'Michael Tipper is an entertaining, informative and energetic trainer who is emerging as an inspirational teacher of Mentally Literate principles' - Tony Buzan, inventor of the Mind MapTM  Based on the work of Michael Tipper (Grand Master of Memory) and Positively Mad, this interactive book quickly, easily and with a sense of humour will:  " provide a variety of techniques to help you learn " enhance your ability to remember " reinforce the technique of Mind-Mapping.  A valuable book to help make efficient use of an individuals time. It will also be an essential tool for teachers, parents, and anybody who assists others to learn.  With the help of this book, all readers should be able to pass on a variety of skills and techniques to benefit others ability to learn.  Michael is a corporate keynote speaker, breakout session specialist and educational presenter and has personally taught over 50,000 people how to get more from their thinking and learning. He regularly writes for the children's web site www.happychild.org.uk and is a director of Positively MAD - Making a Difference to the next generation - a UK based company that has taught over 250,000 children how to learn more effectively.	2002-01-01	Lucky Duck Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780761974482	Health promotion,planning and strategies	Keith Tones&Jackie Green		`This book makes an important contribution to the growing literature in the health promotion arena, with its comprehensive coverage of contemporary philosophical, research and practice issues. The healthy public policy chapter provides the best treatment of this topic I have read' - Professor Maurice B Mittelmark, University of Bergen, Norway and President of the International Union of Health Promotion and Education  `This book advances a fresh proposition, rather than rehashing the standard theories that we have read endless times... it sets out a "New Health Education", which has shaken off its victim blaming shackles, and focus on individual behaviour, to truly complement the aims of health promotion' - National Oral Health Promotion Group Journal  `Keith Tones has, over the years, provided a solid theoretical framework for health promotion, with successive texts on the subject. This latest publication continues the trend, with a systematic layout and thorough review of health promotion issues... The text has a wide appeal to a wider audience, ranging from public health practitioners and health promotion specialists, to health and social care students at postgraduate level' - RCN Research Headlines   'Whether you area student exploring health promotion for the first time, or an experienced practitioner developing your knowledge, this text will provide you with a clear and comprehensive resource... this is not a heavy tome full of complex language; rather it is a very articulate examination of a wide range of aspects of health promotion, presented in a clear and easily understood way' - Journal of Community Nursing   Health Promotion is written for all professionals who strive to improve the health of others.   Beginning with a critical appraisal of the concept itself, the book outlines new models for defining `health promotion' and sets out the factors involved in planning health promotion programmes that work. The authors describe detailed strategies for action and show how these can be applied within a range of contexts and settings. In an attempt to bridge the gap that persists between ideological perspectives and practical implementations, they delve beyond the rhetoric of empowerment and show how it can be incorporated into practice.   Focusing particularly on the synergistic relationship between policy and education, the book re-appraises the notion of health education - an idea which has become marginalised in recent years- and shows the fundamental importance of education in creating individual choice and generating effective advocacy for social change.  The question of `evidence' is central to the text and the book concludes by examining methods of evaluation and the role it plays in creating more effective health promotion programmes.	2004	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761974499	Health promotion,planning and strategies	Keith Tones&Jackie Green		Instructors: Please click here to request a review copy of this title for adoption consideration.Desk copies are available by calling 1-800-818-7243.`This book makes an important contribution to the growing literature in the health promotion arena, with its comprehensive coverage of contemporary philosophical, research and practice issues. The healthy public policy chapter provides the best treatment of this topic I have read' - Professor Maurice B Mittelmark, University of Bergen, Norway and President of the International Union of Health Promotion and Education  `This book advances a fresh proposition, rather than rehashing the standard theories that we have read endless times... it sets out a "New Health Education", which has shaken off its victim blaming shackles, and focus on individual behaviour, to truly complement the aims of health promotion' - National Oral Health Promotion Group Journal  `Keith Tones has, over the years, provided a solid theoretical framework for health promotion, with successive texts on the subject. This latest publication continues the trend, with a systematic layout and thorough review of health promotion issues... The text has a wide appeal to a wider audience, ranging from public health practitioners and health promotion specialists, to health and social care students at postgraduate level' - RCN Research Headlines   'Whether you area student exploring health promotion for the first time, or an experienced practitioner developing your knowledge, this text will provide you with a clear and comprehensive resource... this is not a heavy tome full of complex language; rather it is a very articulate examination of a wide range of aspects of health promotion, presented in a clear and easily understood way' - Journal of Community Nursing   Health Promotion is written for all professionals who strive to improve the health of others.   Beginning with a critical appraisal of the concept itself, the book outlines new models for defining `health promotion' and sets out the factors involved in planning health promotion programmes that work. The authors describe detailed strategies for action and show how these can be applied within a range of contexts and settings. In an attempt to bridge the gap that persists between ideological perspectives and practical implementations, they delve beyond the rhetoric of empowerment and show how it can be incorporated into practice.   Focusing particularly on the synergistic relationship between policy and education, the book re-appraises the notion of health education - an idea which has become marginalised in recent years- and shows the fundamental importance of education in creating individual choice and generating effective advocacy for social change.  The question of `evidence' is central to the text and the book concludes by examining methods of evaluation and the role it plays in creating more effective health promotion programmes.	2004	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9788178295367	Public Relations Writing : Principles In Practice	Donald Treadwell&Jill B. Treadwell		This Book Is A Comprehensive Text That Guides Its Readers From The Most Basics Foundations Of Public Relations Writing-Research, Planning, Ethics, Organizational Culture, Law, And Design-Through To The Production Of Actual, Effective Public Relations Materials.	2005-06-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803975507	Anthony Giddens and modern social theory	Kenneth H. Tucker		Giddens is widely recognized as one of the most important sociologists of the post-war period. But there has been a surprising failure in the academic literature to place his work in the context of other theoretical positions and research traditions. Consequently, there has been a vagueness about what is unique or different about Giddens's social theory. This is the first full-length work to examine Giddens's social theory. It guides the reader through Giddens's early attempt to overcome the duality of structure and agency. Giddens himself saw this duality as a major failing of social theories of modernity. His attempt to resolve the problem can be regarded as the key to the development of his brandmark "structuration theory." The book investigates the ways in which Giddens's approach to agency and institutions draws on theorists such as Wittgenstein and Goffman, who failed to develop a "macro" approach to sociology. Giddens's far-reaching work has also touched on issues such as the transformation of modern intimacy and sexuality and the fate of politics in late modern society. The text systematically relates Giddens's theoretical concepts to modern social theory. It compare and contrasts his work with major currents in social theory, including the work of Habermas, Foucault, Bourdieu, Elias, and Parsons and with schools of thought such as feminism, ethnomethodology, Marxism, symbolic interactionism and postmodernism. This book is the most complete and thorough assessment of Giddens's work that is currently available. It incorporates insights from many different perspectives into his theory of structuration, his work on the formation of cultural identities, and the fate of the nation-state. This book will be required reading for anyone who wants to gain a reliable, critically aware introduction to Giddens's social theory. It will be particularly interesting to students of sociology and cultural studies.	1998	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761952466	Decoding culture,theory and method in cultural studies	Andrew Tudor		'This book represents a significant intervention and, as such, should be used on numerous cultural studies courses. In its intellectual honesty and clarity Tudor's book will stand as an authoritative basis for further developments in the coming years' - David ChaneyDecoding Culture offers a concise and accessible account of the development of cultural studies from the late 1950s to the 1990s. Focusing on the significant theoretical and methodological assumptions that have informed the cultural studies project - the text: covers the key thinkers and key perspectives including, structuralism and post-structuralism, Screen theory, the Birmingham School, and audience analysis; offers a timely corrective to anti-sociological interpretations of cultural change; and invites readers to contest the standard 'text-book' accounts of the developement of cultural studies.Through its fair and accessible account of complex ideas, Decoding Culture provides a more analytic understading of the theoretical and methodological dynamics of cultural studies than has been hitherto available. It will be welcomed by all students of cultural studies, sociology and media studies.	1999-09-24	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761956075	Performing culture,stories of expertise and the everyday	John Tulloch		Performing Culture presents a detailed and probing account of cultural studies' changing fixations with theory, method, policy, text, production, audience and the micro-politics of the everyday.  John Tulloch encourages academics and students to take seriously the need to break down the separation between high and low cultural studies. Tulloch's case studies show that the performance of cultural meanings occurs in forms as diverse as The Royal Shakespeare Company's Shakespeare and Chekhov productions and our everyday work and leisure encounters. Drawing upon anthropological and dramatic studies of performance, the book emphasizes that academic research also performs cultural meaning. A central feature of the book is its reflexive consideration of the representations of culture constructed by academic 'experts'.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761955498	Geopolitics in post-Wall Europe,security, territory and identity	Ola Tunander&Pavel Baev&Victoria Ingrid Einagel		The fall of the Berlin Wall symbolized a dramatic turning-point in the history of European politics and security. Geopolitics in Post-Wall Europe highlights the new relations between politics, culture, and territory. It analyzes the major geopolitical shifts in the connection between security and identity. Part I covers the general geopolitical tendencies in Europe, including conflicts between "culturism" and universalism, between national-romantic primordialism and cosmopolitan post-national identities, and between territory and escape from territory. Part II deals with potential tensions between Russia and Europe and the possible emergence of a new European "wall" between an extended NATO on the one hand and Russia and the CIS on the other. Part III focuses on the borderland between Europe, Russia, and the Muslim world, with particular emphasis on the former Yugoslavia as a site of conflict between the new "metaphorical empires." While this book is written primarily for scholars and students of political science, international relations and political geography, it will also be of interest to diplomats and journalists.	1997	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761955504	Geopolitics in post-Wall Europe,security, territory and identity	Ola Tunander&Pavel Baev&Victoria Ingrid Einagel&International Peace Research Institute		The fall of the Berlin Wall symbolized a dramatic turning-point in the history of European politics and security. Geopolitics in Post-Wall Europe highlights the new relations between politics, culture, and territory. It analyzes the major geopolitical shifts in the connection between security and identity. Part I covers the general geopolitical tendencies in Europe, including conflicts between "culturism" and universalism, between national-romantic primordialism and cosmopolitan post-national identities, and between territory and escape from territory. Part II deals with potential tensions between Russia and Europe and the possible emergence of a new European "wall" between an extended NATO on the one hand and Russia and the CIS on the other. Part III focuses on the borderland between Europe, Russia, and the Muslim world, with particular emphasis on the former Yugoslavia as a site of conflict between the new "metaphorical empires." While this book is written primarily for scholars and students of political science, international relations and political geography, it will also be of interest to diplomats and journalists.	1997	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761964575	Classical sociology	Bryan S. Turner		In this book, one of the foremost sociologists of the present day, turns his gaze upon the key figures and seminal institutions in the rise of sociology. Turner examines the work of Karl Marx, Max Weber, Karl Mannheim, Georg Simmel, Emile Durkheim and Talcott Parsons to produce a rich and authoritative perspective on the classical tradition. He argues that classical sociology has developed on many fronts, including debates on the family, religion, the city, social stratification, generations and citizenship. The book defends classical perspectives as a living tradition for understanding contemporary social life and demonstrates how the classical tradition produces an agenda for contemporary sociology.	1999	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803975989	Medical power and social knowledge	Bryan S. Turner&Colin Samson		This new edition includes a completely revised chapter on mental health, new chapters on the sociology of the body and on the relationship between health and risk in contemporary societies. Author Bryan S. Turner assesses the ways in which different social theorists have interpreted the experience of health and disease and the social relations and power structures involved in the medical practice. He examines health as an aspect of social action and looks at the problem of health at three levels-the individual, the social, and the societal. Among the perspectives analyzed are Parsons's view of the "sick role" and the patient's relation to society, Foucault's critique of medical models of madness and sexuality, Marxist and feminist debates on the relation of health and medicine to capitalism and patriarchy, and the contribution of Beck to the sociological understanding of environmental pollution and hazard in the politics of health. The fully revised edition of this successful textbook, Medical Power and Social Knowledge, Second Edition, provides a comprehensive introduction to medical sociology and an assessment of its significance for social theory and the social sciences.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761957201	Individuals and groups in organizations	Bobbie Turniansky&A. Paul Hare&Alexander Paul Hare		Refreshing and accessible, Individual and Groups in Organizations guides student and practitioner alike through the maze of approaches to the way in which people interact in organizational life. The typical book about organizational behavior is actually an introductory course in social psychology for business students. By building their text around six topics central to those who manage in organizations, the authors have provided a clear, easily used framework for analyzing the role of the individual in the group, the group in the organization, and the organization in the environment. Throughout this book the central themes are explained and analyzed with reference to new case examples, summaries of current research, and key concepts. Without being a traditional textbook on organizational behavior or a recipe book for managerial action, Individuals and Groups in Organizations provides both business students and reflective practitioners with valuable insights into the processes of creativity, flexibility, change, and development in organizations.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761957218	Individuals and groups in organizations	Bobbie Turniansky&Alexander Paul Hare		Refreshing and accessible, Individual and Groups in Organizations guides student and practitioner alike through the maze of approaches to the way in which people interact in organizational life. The typical book about organizational behavior is actually an introductory course in social psychology for business students. By building their text around six topics central to those who manage in organizations, the authors have provided a clear, easily used framework for analyzing the role of the individual in the group, the group in the organization, and the organization in the environment. Throughout this book the central themes are explained and analyzed with reference to new case examples, summaries of current research, and key concepts. Without being a traditional textbook on organizational behavior or a recipe book for managerial action, Individuals and Groups in Organizations provides both business students and reflective practitioners with valuable insights into the processes of creativity, flexibility, change, and development in organizations.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803986138	Citizenship and social rights,the interdependence of self and society	Fred Twine		This broad-ranging text offers an analysis of the idea of citizenship and its relevance to social problems and social policies in advanced industrial societies. Twine demonstrates that two concepts are essential to an understanding of the issue of citizenship: the socially embedded nature of human agents, and their interdependence both with each other and with the natural and social worlds they inhabit. Twine emphasizes the social nature of individual needs and individual rights. He shows that interdependence is not limited to the mutual linkages within advanced industrial societies, but extends both to the relations between advanced and developing nations and to the environmental contexts of human existence.	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803962002	The least of these,stories of schoolchildren	Mary Elizabeth Van Cleave		Written by an elementary principal in a poor, urban neighbourhood in the United States, The Least of These recounts a year in the life of a school and challenges the proposition that school reform can be achieved smoothly. The author describes the conditions of the children's lives and those of the people who struggle to help them. Her account is a moving narrative depicting poverty, violence and neglect, and the teachers' struggle to offset these dismal conditions. The book highlights the restrictions facing the school which result from a large bureaucracy and a powerful teachers' union.	1994-10-13	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803945647	Multivariate Analysis of Categorical Data: Theory	John P. Geer		"This approach to data analysis represents an important and original school of thought." Short Book Reviews, Publication of the International Statistical Institute "The volume begins with an excellent discussion of data treatment, with an emphasis on the fact that the statistical and modeling treatment depends on choices and decisions made by the analyst. I believe that this is an important and often overlooked point, and I appreciated John P. Van de Geer's emphasis on the responsibility of the analyst. . . . Van de Geer is quite conscious of addressing a relatively broad audience, based on the care taken to provide interpretations of results in the context of various functional areas. . . . The volume is at its best (which is really good!) when Van de Geer is describing implications of the results, providing wonderfully intuitive interpretations of relations and of byproducts of the analytical approach. An example of this strength of the book is the discussion of the implication of optimal quantification with respect to eigenvalues on page 56. (I must admit that I have never felt as comfortable with eigenvalues and their interpretation as I did while reading this book!)." --Elizabeth L. Rose in Structural Equation Modeling Quote for both books "The set would be appropriate for use in a graduate course, with guidance from an instructor who has expertise in this approach to multivariate analysis. The interested researcher will find the set to be very helpful, particularly in terms of developing a coherent and accurate interpretation of the results." --Elizabeth L. Rose in Structural Equation Modeling Aimed at researchers and students interested in non-linear analysis of categorical variables, Multivariate Analysis of Categorical Data explains multivariate analysis geometrically rather than through the use of formal algebraic formulae. Asterisked sections, however, are included that present an algebraic explanation for readers who are more familiar with classical multivariate analysis. The author first covers what the desirable properties of a geometric display should look like on the basis of classical analysis. Next, he discusses how these desirable properties can be enhanced by gradually eliminating the restrictions imposed by a priori technique. He then explores such topics as the relation of principal components analysis; canonical analysis and generalized canonical analysis to one another; optimal quantification for one, two, and three variables; and how many dimensions are needed for optimal quantification. This book is appropriate for readers who have some familiarity with multivariate analysis.	1993	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803945654	Multivariate Analysis of Categorical Data: Theory	John P. Geer		"This approach to data analysis represents an important and original school of thought." Short Book Reviews, Publication of the International Statistical Institute "The volume begins with an excellent discussion of data treatment, with an emphasis on the fact that the statistical and modeling treatment depends on choices and decisions made by the analyst. I believe that this is an important and often overlooked point, and I appreciated John P. Van de Geer's emphasis on the responsibility of the analyst. . . . Van de Geer is quite conscious of addressing a relatively broad audience, based on the care taken to provide interpretations of results in the context of various functional areas. . . . The volume is at its best (which is really good!) when Van de Geer is describing implications of the results, providing wonderfully intuitive interpretations of relations and of byproducts of the analytical approach. An example of this strength of the book is the discussion of the implication of optimal quantification with respect to eigenvalues on page 56. (I must admit that I have never felt as comfortable with eigenvalues and their interpretation as I did while reading this book!)." --Elizabeth L. Rose in Structural Equation Modeling Quote for both books "The set would be appropriate for use in a graduate course, with guidance from an instructor who has expertise in this approach to multivariate analysis. The interested researcher will find the set to be very helpful, particularly in terms of developing a coherent and accurate interpretation of the results." --Elizabeth L. Rose in Structural Equation Modeling Aimed at researchers and students interested in non-linear analysis of categorical variables, Multivariate Analysis of Categorical Data explains multivariate analysis geometrically rather than through the use of formal algebraic formulae. Asterisked sections, however, are included that present an algebraic explanation for readers who are more familiar with classical multivariate analysis. The author first covers what the desirable properties of a geometric display should look like on the basis of classical analysis. Next, he discusses how these desirable properties can be enhanced by gradually eliminating the restrictions imposed by a priori technique. He then explores such topics as the relation of principal components analysis; canonical analysis and generalized canonical analysis to one another; optimal quantification for one, two, and three variables; and how many dimensions are needed for optimal quantification. This book is appropriate for readers who have some familiarity with multivariate analysis.	1993	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761902072	Working with sensitizing concepts,analytical field research	Willy Carl Van den Hoonaard		In a focused and concise primer, Will C. van den Hoonaard's Working with Sensitizing Concepts reacquaints researchers with one of the most venerable yet basic tools of their discipline. Originating with Herbert Blumer in the 1950s, a sensitizing concept uses the language and expression from the research participant's perspective and sensitizes the researcher to more fruitful lines of inquiry. The author presents the history as well as the practical applications for using the sensitizing concepts technique. By using this book, the latest in the Qualitative Research Methods series, the novice researcher can start developing research questions and writing up the research by drawing proper generalizations. Will C. van den Hoonaard's Working with Sensitizing Concepts is the perfect volume for students and professionals in research methods, sociology, education, nursing, and communication.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803978058	Homeless youth	J. D. van der Ploeg&Evert Scholte&Evert M. Scholte		This wide-ranging book analyzes the problem of youth homelessness in the western world. Taking into account psychological characteristics while highlighting the major risk factors in the family, at school and in society at large, the authors offer both practitioners and policymakers tools for dealing with all aspects of this issue.Within a clear conceptual and theoretical framework, Jan van der Ploeg and Evert Scholte define the phenomenon of homelessness, drawing on data from across Europe and North America to establish its scope and prevalence among young people today. Always alive to the practical implications of their analysis, they provide a thorough and comprehensive strategy for addressing the plight of the homeless	1997-10-10	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803978065	Homeless youth	J. D. van der Ploeg&Evert Scholte&Evert M. Scholte		This wide-ranging book analyzes the problem of youth homelessness in the western world. Taking into account psychological characteristics while highlighting the major risk factors in the family, at school and in society at large, the authors offer both practitioners and policymakers tools for dealing with all aspects of this issue.Within a clear conceptual and theoretical framework, Jan van der Ploeg and Evert Scholte define the phenomenon of homelessness, drawing on data from across Europe and North America to establish its scope and prevalence among young people today. Always alive to the practical implications of their analysis, they provide a thorough and comprehensive strategy for addressing the plight of the homeless	1997	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761901884	International law and organization,an introduction	Thomas R. Van Dervort		The study of international law has, in recent times, appeared disconnected from real world politics. In this book, international law is introduced as a dynamic process with an explicit connection to the contemporary realpolitik.   Following an historical overview of the development of international law - starting with ancient Rome and continuing up to the present day - the author considers the basic principles of international law in specific fields, focusing on the application of international legal principles in domestic courts. Van Dervort concludes with an examination of law on an international plane, discussing disputes between sovereign nation-states.	1997-07-18	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853962981	Women and the European labour markets	J. van Doorne-Huiskes&J. J. B. M. van Hoof&A. M. E. Roelofs		Labour market inequalities are a feature which all European countries share. This book provides a comparative perspective of sexual inequality in the 12 member-states of the European Union. Different aspects of inequality are discussed and presented: participation rates, occupational segregation, income differences, careers and the division of unpaid work. Another aspect that is examined is the position of women from ethnic minorities in the labour market. After presenting the facts, the book then looks at economic and sociological theories for possible explanations and integrates them into a single framework that provides starting points for a policy to promote equality between the sexes.  The second part of the book explores different policy measures promoted by the EU to advance equal opportunities. After presenting the equal opportunities of the EU, particular instruments are discussed such as the impact of EU directives, child care policies, positive action and comparable worth strategies. In addition the position of women in trade unions and their influence upon European decision making in the field of social policy is looked at. The book concludes with an exploration of what the future has in store for women in Europe.	1995	P. Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780803940505	Gender-responsible leadership,detecting bias, implementing interventions	Catharine Herr Van Nostrand		By combining sound feminist theory and group dynamic principles with information on how to be a leader in a nonhierarchical, consensus-oriented framework, this book offers a unique approach to leadership. It deals with such issues as: the way leaders collude in maintaining gender biases; how patriarchy, power and process can be viewed in relation to feminist theory and group dynamics; the frustrations that facilitators face as they deal with these; and how these frustrations can be dealt with through principles of effective leadership.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803979673	Comparative industrial & employment relations	J. van Ruysseveldt&Rien Huiskamp&J. J. B. M. van Hoof		Comparing industrial and employment relations in different countries and identifying the elements of commonality across the range of national systems,this comprehensive textbook provides an introduction to industrial and employment relations in the wider economic, technological and political context.Throughout, employment relations are set within the framework of the overall relationships between firms, markets, interest organizations and governments. Topics addressed include: distinct theoretical approaches to analyzing industrial and employment relations; the role of interest groups and organized interests in the industrial relations system; differences in the level of government intervention in industrial relations over time and between nations; the processes of bargaining, collective representation and participation, and the growth of flexibility; changes over time in three key elements of employment relations - wages, working time and qualifications; and developments in employment relations, work organization and technology in three important sectors - the automobile industry, banking and retailing.	1995	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803988811	The condition of citizenship	Bart van Steenbergen		The idea of citizenship can be seen as a unifying element in understanding contemporary social change and social problems: in The Condition of Citizenship, Bart Van Steenbergen presents and discusses various illustrations of this theme. Outlining the traditional linkages between citizenship and public participation as well as national identity and social welfare, the book shows the relevance of citizenship for a range of current issues extending from global change through gender to the environment. The areas investigated include: the challenge of internationalization to the nation state and to national identities; the contested nature of citizenship in relation to poverty, work and welfare; the implications of gender inequality; and the potential for new conceptions of citizenship in response to cultural and political change. Reappraising the roots of citizenship and relating it to contemporary social issues, this work will be essential reading for students of sociology, political science, social policy and related fields. "The organizers of the conference from which this book arose and its editor are to be congratulated for a collection of essays which, individually and as a whole, are scholarly and to the point in their tackling of important issues." --Journal of Public Policy	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803936669	Government and housing,developments in seven countries	Willem Van Vliet--&J. van Weesep		The contributors to this volume address such issues as the decentralization of housing, privatization of housing, deregulation of rental and public housing, developments in housing finance and current innovations in housing rehabilitation. International in scope, each discussion contains expert analysis of policy in countries as diverse as the UK, Australia, Yugoslavia, Israel and the US. The papers are taken from the conference on Housing, Policy and Urban Innovation (Amsterdam 1988) organized under the auspices of the Ad Hoc Committee on Housing and the Built Environment of the International Sociological Association.	1990-07	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803936676	Government and housing,developments in seven countries	Willem Van Vliet--&J. van Weesep		The contributors to this volume address such issues as the decentralization of housing, privatization of housing, deregulation of rental and public housing, developments in housing finance and current innovations in housing rehabilitation. International in scope, each discussion contains expert analysis of policy in countries as diverse as the UK, Australia, Yugoslavia, Israel and the US. The papers are taken from the conference on Housing, Policy and Urban Innovation (Amsterdam 1988) organized under the auspices of the Ad Hoc Committee on Housing and the Built Environment of the International Sociological Association.	1990-07	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803949515	Mastering management education,innovations in teaching efffectiveness	Charles Vance		"As teaching methods and their effectiveness continue to fall under increased scrutiny, this book provides an ideal source of new instructional ideas, strategies and methodologies. An invaluable source for teachers and trainers.... This book is particularly enriching and stimulating. Written by authorities on teaching, each article is thought-provoking and some exude sheer brilliance in terms of the issues they put forward and the treatment of these issues. Explicit notes, references, recommended readings and in some cases, suggested films and movies at the end of each article allwo one to delve deeper into specific issues if required. A must for all faculty members of managment institutes and their libraries, and for scholars.... This book is also recommended for school teachers." --Management and Labour Studies "Essential reading for all those involved in the challenging and critical process of encouraging more effective learning." --Long Range Planning For nearly 20 years (and counting!) the Journal of Management Education has clearly been the most authoritative, up-to-date forum for the improvement of management and organization studies education in both classroom and corporate settings. The Journal's practical, informative tone makes it an ideal resource for discovering new teaching exercises, ideas, and strategies. Charles Vance has collected the best of the Journal of Management Education in this new anthology, Mastering Management Education. Collecting the all-time gems--Vance has organized the original articles into integrated chapters: lecture and discussion methods, case-study teaching, group-learning skills, managing learner diversity, and much more. There's also an annotated guide to many other key articles from the Journal's rich history. As teaching methods and their effectiveness continue to fall under increased scrutiny, particularly in business schools, Mastering Management Education serves as a comprehensive, valuable survival guide for professionals, researchers, and students in organization and management studies, small groups, and business.	1993-05-25	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761994527	Managing More Effectively,A Professional Approach to Get the Best Out of People	Madhurendra K. Varma		This new edition includes considerable new material in the form of observations pertinent to the changing business climate, boxed items, exercises, and quotations. It is now even more reader-friendly and accessible to a broad audience including professionals and practising managers at all levels, while being of equal interest to teachers, researchers and students.	2001-09-03	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761994671	Nurturing change through your human assets,optimising organisational challenges in the New Millennium	Madhurendra K. Varma		The key theme of this timely book is the inevitability and desirability of change. The author emphasises that change can be an opportunity, not a threat and it is for organizations to nurture change and give shape to it on their own terms with optimum use of their human assets.	2000-10-16	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9780803972155	Communicating social science research to policymakers	Roger J. Vaughan&Terry F. Buss		Using a set of rules as a guide for cost-effective policy analysis, Communicating Social Science Research to Policy Makers helps applied researchers avoid costly mistakes in policy planning and public administration research. Beginning with a practical approach to policy analysis, authors Roger J. Vaughan and Terry F. Buss show the reader how to prepare a nonbiased description of the problem to be studied, how to diagnose the causes of the problem, how to explore the various strategies for dealing with the problem and related issues, how to use formal forecasting projections, how to do cost-benefits analysis, how an analyst can decide what information to communicate, and strategies for the most-effective communication of policy analysis.	1998-11-12	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803974289	Oral narrative research with Black women	Kim Marie Vaz		Oral narrative researchers from a range of disciplines present their personal portraits on the methodological strategies they have found useful in bringing the experiences of African and African American women into full view. This insightful and thought-provoking resource explores in detail: how new information about African women is being created; the strengths of oral narrative research for expanding and transforming knowledge about black women; and how carrying out oral history research has affected the researchers' personal and professional lives.	1997-06-17	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761950417	The politics of constructionism	Irving Velody&Robin Williams		This broad-ranging and clearly structured book critically overviews the many themes of social constructionism and its relevance to contemporary social and political issues. It brings together leading international contributors from across the social sciences, drawing on insights from psychology, sociology, politics, philosophy, cultural, gender and science studies.Major questions and topics explored in its critique and application of constructionist ideas include the theory and practice of scientific method, the development of social and political policy, the use of social science statistical methods, self-identity and the politics of collective identities, and technological advances in reproductive medicine.	1998	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761996408	Negotiated change,collective bargaining, liberalization and restructuring in India	C. S. Venkata Ratnam		Negotiated Change presents a definitive and comprehensive account of the way labour-management relations have changed in post-liberalized India. It reviews the response of the collective bargaining strategy to the challenges of globalization and the restructuring of enterprises./-//-/Based on a survey of about 236 collective bargaining agreements in the public and private sectors in India since 1991 to date, this unique and succinct study covers a number of pertinent issues including:/-/ the legal framework of collective bargaining in India;/-/ examples of agreements which provide for different kinds of cooperative arrangements, promote productivity and usher in workplace improvements;/-/ labour-management cooperation in restructuring and trade off between jobs to turn around sick units; and/-/ emerging trends towards negotiated flexibility at the enterprise level./-//-/It also highlights the special features of public sector bargaining and the role of collective bargaining in the areas of social security and employee welfare.	2003-09-01	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9780803939967	Child psychiatric epidemiology,concepts, methods, and findings	Frank C. Verhulst&Hans M. Koot		If you're looking for a concise resource that examines child psychiatric epidemiology, then look no further. In this excellent volume, Verhulst and Koot answer a wide variety of questions pertaining to the etiology, the course, and therapy of child psychiatric conditions. Central issues related to diagnosis, assessment, sampling, and cross-cultural studies are presented in a highly readable fashion. Research on prevalence and patterns of childhood dysfunction and how these are influenced by such factors as age, sex, and social class are examined in detail. Verhulst and Koot also provide a detailed description of community surveys and offer a referral pathway to psychiatric care for children. Child Psychiatric Epidemiology provides critical, epidemiological concepts, designs, and information for psychiatrists, psychologists, researchers, health care providers and students. "This must be one of the most intelligent books a child psychiatrist has a chance and a reason to read. In fact, it is a book which anyone with an interest in the epidemiology of mental phenomena, whether these relate to children or not, should read. . . . The book packs a far bigger punch than its 140 odd pages would suggest. There is always enough substance to bit into, and its style is didactic, critical, and analytical; the material is dissected rather than presented. The reader is guided through concepts, research designs, definitions of caseness, tools, sampling methods, with examples and demonstrations from all the major epidemiological child psychiatric studies, at a very satisfying depth. Finally, its price makes it one the best value reads in years." --British Journal of Psychiatry "This well-written book provides an overview of epidemiologic approaches in the field of child pyschopathology. . . . The authors model the processes of critical thinking and scholarly critique in an elegant manner. Stimulating questions are raised regarding the validity and applicability of various approaches or conceptualizations in child psychopathology. Citations of key references and studies in the field represent an excellent resource for new researchers. The use of actual studies to exemplify concepts and methods brings the content alive." --Child Development Abstracts & Bibliography "Provides an excellent introduction to a complex and important issue that is conflictual. . . . All professionals who either generate or pursue policies relating to child abuse and those who make decisions about resources and disposition of individual cases should know the contents of this book." --Issues in Child Abuse Accusations	1991-10-15	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761996064	Derivatives simplified,an introduction to risk management	P. Vijaya Bhaskar&B. Mahapatra		This book is both informative and practitioner-orientated and covers all aspects of different derivative products. It includes the origin and growth of derivatives trading. Who uses it - when, why and how? The method of using each derivative product is also given in a simple form with easy to follow examples. Derivatives or futures trading have just been introduced into the Indian financal market to replace "badla,"	2003	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761993841	Economic restructuring, technology transfer, and human resource development	B. R. Virmani&Kala Rao		This is a completely revised edition of a unique and successful book which integrates the inter-related issues of economic development, transfer of technology, and the preparedness of countries and enterprises to receive and assimilate new technologies. Based on a first-hand study, the authors provide a comprehensive and comparative analysis of Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand and India, and discuss the respective experiences of these four economies with structural adjustment and financial reforms. In this new edition the authors take into account the 1997-98 Asian financial crisis and outline the possible steps that can be taken to prevent such occurrences in the future. They advocate some additional measures to encourage technological growth and development while providing the most recent statistics./-//-/This book will be an indispensable resource for policy-makers, planners, HRD managers, CEOs and all those involved with technology transfer, as also for students of economics, business management and human resource development.	1999-10-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761936763	Managing People In Organizations : The Challenges Of Change	B R Virmani		In This Insightful Book, Prof. B R Virmani Critically Analyses Current Hrm Issues And Existing Hrm Models And Practices With A View To Encouraging Enterprises To Usher In Innovation, Flexibility, Competitiveness And Professionalism. Based On Recent Primary Research And Supported By Several Case Illustrations And Examples, This Book Discusses A Large Number Of Fundamental Issues Related To Hrm And The Employer-Employee Relationship In A Strategic Framework.	2007-08-20	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803929821	Statistical applications in criminal justice	Gennaro F. Vito&Edward J. Latessa		Statistical Applications in Criminal Justice introduces basic statistical concepts in a "cookbook" approach to guide math-scared students to an understanding of the utility and value of statistical analysis. Using examples drawn entirely from law and criminal justice research, the authors provide a user-friendly text for undergraduate and statistically naive graduate students of criminal justice. Vito and Latessa begin with an introduction to simple mathematical notation and proceed into a discussion of the theoretical bases of statistics--with particular attention paid to probability, sampling, and hypothesis testing. Once the student has developed a firm mastery of these basic tools, the authors present some basic statistical techniques commonly used in criminal justice research--t-tests, correlations, simple regression, ANOVA, and measures of association. Sample problems are provided to assist the student step-by-step through the application of these techniques. Uniquely written for criminal justice students, this book would be an appropriate supplement to accompany a longer research methods or statistics text. In addition, professionals who wish to brush up on their skills would find its self-teaching features useful.	1989-07-12	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761936190	Alternative Schooling in India	Sarojini Vittachi&Neeraja Raghavan&Kiran Raj		This book studies the innovative methods of learning used in some alternative Indian schools. It sheds light on places of learning where the learning process is fun for the teacher as well as the students, in contrast to the intense examination-oriented learning in mainstream schools. Researched data on alternative schools in the country, offers the reader an array of institutions all over the country where efforts are being made to bring about a difference to traditional ways of learning and teaching. It includes exclusive articles by leading practitioners who offer an insight into ground reality when a certain philosophy is applied to a school. It also contains accounts based on the experience of how such alternative practices mould the learner and teacher, and impact the parent as well. In the latter part of the book is a directory of alternative schools in India. Most are tucked away in remote corners of the country. Interestingly, the common thread binding these 'alternative schools' is the welfare of the child in addition to that of the teachers, who love their work as opposed to merely doing a job.	2007-10-25	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761951803	Managing knowledge,perspectives on cooperation and competition	George Von Krogh&Johan Roos		Using both established as well as more recent modes of inquiry, this book sheds new light on an increasingly important dimension of organizational cooperation and competition - that of knowledge and knowledge transfer. Based on research and practice, the book addresses a wide range of issues concerning the management of knowledge, from knowledge transfer between organizations to knowledge management within organizations.Divided into two parts, Managing Knowledge reflects a fundamental conceptual distinction between two world-views. The first part is characterized by representationism, or traditional approaches to viewing knowledge, knowledge transfer and cooperative strategies. The contributors provide a clear overview of the current research on knowledge management, and bring together studies on the sociology of knowledge, strategic management and learning theory. The second part focuses on anti-representationism, or new perspectives on knowledge and knowledge transfer in organizational cooperation. These perspectives, based on autopoiesis theory, go far beyond conventional ways of perceiving and managing knowledge and their implications for management theory and practice are fully examined.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761900320	New approaches to family practice,confronting economic stress	Nancy R. Vosler		How do economic stresses on the family - such as dual-earner parents, unemployment, and poverty - affect the human service professional's assessment of the families he or she serves? The field of family sociology is now providing a wealth of empirical knowledge on the impact of macroeconomic issues on the families most frequently helped by social workers. New Approaches to Family Practice takes current research driven by the family systems theoretical framework and applies it to direct practice with families in three specific areas: paid work and family-work, unemployment, and poverty. To illustrate the links from research to practice, the book presents chapters on the theory and research in each of the three target areas, each followed by a chapter on application and tools for direct practice in that area. Individual chapters include case studies, assessment tools, multilevel interventions and evaluations, and strategies for social change.	1996-10-11	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803943742	The nature of nurture	Theodore D. Wachs		Current knowledge about the nature of environmental influences upon children's development is synthesized in this volume.Wachs explores such issues as individual differences in response to stress, medical treatment, parenting styles and teaching approaches, and examines such questions as whether there are certain periods in children's development when they may be more sensitive to specific environmental influences than at other times, and whether girls are more sensitive than boys to parental maltreatment.	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803943759	The nature of nurture	Theodore D. Wachs		Are there certain periods in a child's development when he or she may be more sensitive to specific environmental influences than at earlier or later times? Are preschool teachers equally nurturant to securely attached versus insecurely attached children? Are girls more sensitive than boys to parental maltreatment? Designed to synthesize what we know about the nature of environmental influences (nurture) upon development, Wachs artfully explores whether development depends upon a sole factor--the rearing environment, genetics, nutrition, or individual characteristics-- or, whether the degree of directional consistency combined with the extent of covariance among these factors may have the most developmental impact. Issues such as how individuals respond differently to stress, medical treatment, parenting styles, teaching approaches and daycare centers are all discussed through careful analysis of research and theories from a variety of fields. Researchers, teachers, and intervention specialists of developmental psychology, family studies, social psychology, education, and nursing will find The Nature of Nurture an inspiration to further examine how environmental systems determine variability in developmental outcomes and what can be done to promote optimal outcomes for individual children. USE IN NEXT AD (2/1/94): "In The Nature of Nurture Wachs does precisely what he intends to do. He lays out clearly and thoroughly what we know and do not know about environmental influences on human development, and he builds on the conceptual and empirical work of others to move research on environmental effects forward in productive and exciting ways. . . . [It] should serve as a bible for future research on the environment and development. As such, it is a must read for developmental psychologists from all specialty areas, to graduate students, and to upper level undergraduates. This is an eminently readable and important book." --Contemporary Psychology "The Nature of Nurture provides a thorough and thoughtful review and analysis of state-of-the-art theory, concepts, and evidence pertaining to the effect of the environment on human development. Especially important is the attention the author pays to the multidimensional nature of the environment, to individual differences among children, and to the need to consider both of these domains of complexity for understanding the development of specific aspects of psychological and behavioral functioning." --Jay Belsky, The Pennsylvania State University "The Nature of Nurture provides extended treatments of issues rarely dealt with in detail, including organism-environment covariance and organism-environment interaction. All in all, this is an excellent choice for those interested in studying complex, dynamic interplay of organism and environment. It deals with a number of critical design and theory issues; and it ends with a hybrid ecological developmental model designed to integrate studies of experience and offers a useful discussion of future trends in an emerging area of developmental studies." --Child Development Abstracts & Bibliography	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803958692	Urban revitalization,policies and programs	Fritz W. Wagner&Timothy E. Joder&Anthony J. Mumphrey		This collection of case studies focuses on seven US cities and consider revitalization programmes over the past 15-20 years and analyze their successes and failures. The studies were carried out by the National Center for the Revitalization of Central Cities in 1990 under the auspices of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. The Center commissioned leading scholars to carry out this research and develop programmes and strategies for a national policy for revitalizing central cities.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803933989	Feminism and sociological theory	Ruth A. Wallace		Prior to the late 1960's, sociological theory was surrounded by an overwhelming preponderance of men--in terms of published writings, university professors, graduate students, professional organizations, and in research centers. The contemporary women's movement of the late 1960's challenged this trend by asking questions such as: Why shouldn't there be more women professors, graduate students, researchers, and theorists? Since this time, professional organizations have seen a dramatic increase in women memberships, but the number of women in leadership roles has been disappointing. It is not surprising that feminist concerns have suffered from this kind of benign neglect. This volume is an attempt to reverse the trend and to make feminist concerns a top priority in sociological theory. The aims of this volume are: to bring theoretical efforts of feminist scholarship into the mainstream, to illuminate the directions of theoretical work currently in progress, and to encourage more thinking and writing about feminist implications in sociological theory. Contributing to this volume are some of the leading figures in feminist research--Jessie Bernard, Rose L. Coser, and Joan Acker. It should be of interest to feminist scholars, as well as students and professionals in the areas of sociology, political science, social theory, and gender studies. "Smith, Acker, and others are leading figures within the feminine discourse."	1989	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803961586	From vision to practice,the art of educational leadership	Richard C. Wallace		Written from extensive experience, this book describes the author's perceptions of the role of the educational superintendent in the United States. Richard C Wallace Jr conveys an image of an educational director who provides vision-based leadership to improve the quality of education for students and the quality of performance of teachers and administrators.	1996	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803964082	The learning school,a guide to vision-based leadership	Richard C. Wallace&David E. Engel&Dr. James E. Mooney		This book provides methods that educational leaders can use to develop their personal vision of education, as well as methods for use in developing consensus for shared visions of educational excellence. The book also addresses the conditions of instruction, assessment and support in classrooms and schools that are necessary to implement a vision embracing a particular perpective on education. Specific chapters are devoted to exploring the important roles of educational philosophy and psychology in the development of educational vision.	1997-08-20	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788178295404	Your Research Project : A Step-By-Step Guide For The First-Time Researcher	Walliman		In this new edition of Your Research Project Nicholas Walliman has made this bestselling book even better with the addition of a number of new features whilst retaining all the benefits of the original./-//-/New features include: more elaboration on the differing needs of masters and PhD students; a new overview of the entire research chronology from start to finish; student checklists throughout; a new chapter on research ethics; new sections on critical reading skills and compiling literature reviews; examples from a wide range of disciplines and a student glossary.	2005-06-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761975182	Rethinking how art is taught,a critical convergence	Donovan R. Walling		Learn how to use art education to impact critical learning - from reading scores to math skills - with this practical, innovative book.	2000	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803987944	Health, welfare & practice,reflecting on roles & relationships	Jan Walmsley		Bringing together key issues in the provision and use of caring services, this volume is an invaluable training resource for health and social work practitioners. Roles and relationships are central themes: their complexity is stressed, as is their relevance to a better understanding of practice.The book's first three sections explore: the distinctions between health and welfare occupations, and informal helping roles; different approaches for practitioners to develop sensitivity to diverse experiences and to challenge unfairly discriminatory responses, attitudes and stereotyped assumptions; and the potential for user empowerment, given the imbalance in power between workers and users. These areas provide practitioners with sources for reflection in the final section.This unique collection encompasses both personal accounts and important current debates. It blends research with practice, and experience with academic insight. Throughout, readers are encouraged to make links across occupational divides and to challenge traditional assumptions.The volume is a Course Reader for the Open University course Roles and Relationships: Perspectives on Practice K663.	1993-03-02	Open University						ZZZ000000
9780803956018	Drugs and crime in lifestyle perspective	Glenn D. Walters		"Glenn D. Walter's short book Drugs and Crime in Lifestyle Perspective is another gem; it works purposefully with the complexity and diversity of the drugs-crime linkages and connections insisting that traditional ways of researching and intervening with those caught up in deviant lifestyles where drugs and crime are endemic, are unproductive. This is a book for 'thinking' practitioners and those concerned with creating local multiagency policy or working with drug users and offenders selling or using drugs. It offers no easy assessments or solutions but is the more productive for that." --Howard Parker in British Journal of	1994-03-15	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803997523	Capital and labour in the urbanized world	John Walton&International Sociological Association		The distribution of capital and labour in the contemporary world is undergoing a radical change. Traditional industries in the West are in decline while in the third world cheap, plentiful labour is available and increasingly attractive. This book analyzes the implications of this situation for both developed and less developed nations. It examines the impact such a shift of resources will have on the rich Western nations that dominate the international system. Also it describes the likely domestic consequences for countries which have to reconcile the clashing interests of domestic capital and labour and to attract vital foreign industry and investment. The book concentrates on the theoretical, political and national issues involved. It examines the friction that is created by the divergent interests of competitive regions and countries. Special attention is given to the dangers inherent in an economic system that allows rival states to move capital and labour freely throughout the world. Among the topics discussed are the dramatic urbanization of the Arab Middle East following the oil boom, the problems of unequal regional development, internal migration and urban planning in the third world, and the plight of the middle classes of Latin America who are faced by the expansion of modern state economies and the intervention of international capital.	1985	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803961883	Making a difference for students at risk,trends and alternatives	Margaret C. Wang&Maynard Clinton Reynolds		The contributors to this forward-looking book examine the various programmes and approaches which have been implemented in inner city schools in the United States to address the special needs of disadvantaged, non-English speaking, gifted and dropout students. The book suggests that the primary reason such programmes have been largely unsuccessful is that they have not been properly coordinated.  Making a Difference for Students at Risk offers thoughtful, practical suggestions for new approaches aimed at not only reforming, but transforming, urban schools in order to achieve the inclusion of all students into general school programmes.	1995	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803961890	Making a difference for students at risk,trends and alternatives	Margaret C. Wang&Maynard Clinton Reynolds		The contributors to this forward-looking book examine the various programmes and approaches which have been implemented in inner city schools in the United States to address the special needs of disadvantaged, non-English speaking, gifted and dropout students. The book suggests that the primary reason such programmes have been largely unsuccessful is that they have not been properly coordinated.  Making a Difference for Students at Risk offers thoughtful, practical suggestions for new approaches aimed at not only reforming, but transforming, urban schools in order to achieve the inclusion of all students into general school programmes.	1995	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803932777	Altered states of consciousness and mental health,a cross-cultural perspective	Colleen A. Ward		Demonic possession, multiple personalities, spirit possession, self-healing, and exorcism--the psychological study of such phenomena has long been fraught with difficulties. A strong behavioristic approach in the discipline has resulted in a reluctance to examine internal, intangible, inaccessible mental states that are not readily amenable to experimental investigation. In Altered States of Consciousness and Mental Health, a distinguished group of contributors explores these and other phenomena from a cross-cultural perspective. They dispell common misconceptions, clarify terms, and resolve controversies surrounding the relationships between consciousness and psychological well-being. Historical, biological, psychological, and methodological factors are considered from a variety of cultural contexts. In addition, contributors provide fascinating case studies and interviews for each of the phenomena discussed. This ground-breaking study will be of particular interest to cross-cultural psychologists, anthropologists, sociologists, ethnopsychiatrists, and mental health professionals who find themselves coming into increasing contact with these phenomena. "It is an important contribution to cross-cultural understanding of human thinking. . . . I would recommend it strongly to all psychologists and psychiatrists interested in trying to widen the perspectives of their basically Eurocentric disciplines." --British Journal of Psychiatry "An interesting and thought-provoking collection of papers in this emerging field which deserves to become a standard text in the years ahead." --Clinical Psychology Europe "What the book does is to open discussion and pave the way for more and better investigations of the phenomena of altered states of consciousness and their relation to mental health." --New Zealand Journal of Psychology	1989-10	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803985933	Attitudes toward rape,feminist and social psychological perspectives	Colleen A. Ward		This innovative book looks at popular perceptions of sexual violence and asks such key questions as: How is `rape' defined? Who is responsible for sexual assault? How can rape be prevented?  The author critically examines feminist and psychological theory and research on attitudes towards rape. Drawing on case studies, survey research, experiments, fieldwork and action-oriented research from Europe, North America and Asia, Ward combines qualitative and quantitative approaches to understanding sexual violence. She highlights the negative consequences for rape victims of biased and prejudicial perceptions of sexual violence, including those of legal, medical and helping professionals, and discusses the impact of these attitude	1995-08-11	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803940192	Who pays for student diversity?,population changes and educational policy	James Gordon Ward&Patricia Anthony		Changes in ethnic, racial, geographic and economic diversity of school children have enormous political and social implications for educational policy, particularly school finance policy and practice. Contributors to this volume outline demographic trends, focus on minority and other special student populations and relate their findings to policies for financing schools, building facilities and taxation.	1992-01-29	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781873942291	School Survival,Helping Students Survive and Succeed in Secondary School	Chris Wardle&Tina Rae		This book aims to support teachers in increasing their own understanding of the difficulties that some students experience in coping with school, particularly in the area of behaviour.  It promotes a different way of looking at behaviour change in school, and suggests practical ways to approach difficult students that may help ensure their inclusion in the mainstream context.  The 10 key concepts include:  " teaching students to analyze and reflect " using targets " it's not fair " don't tell me, show me.  This is an essential resource for those working with troubled and troublesome teenagers, and is written by teachers and psychologists with experience of these challenging pupils.	2002-01-01	Lucky Duck						ZZZ000000
9780803983045	Needs and welfare	Alan Ware&Robert E. Goodin		This book addresses the concept of need and how needs can be, and are, met in western societies. Different models of welfare provision are examined both in theoretical terms and through two case studies: of models of pension provision and of the connection between the satisfaction of needs and electoral success for governments. This timely study makes an important contribution to the understanding of welfare and politics in advanced industrial western states.	1990	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803964853	Everybody's house--the schoolhouse,best techniques for connecting home, school, and community	Carolyn Warner&Marilyn Curry		The authors of this book provide specific strategies that school leaders can employ, both with families and other community members, to build support for their school. Numerous case studies of successful family-involvement programmes currently in use, are included.	1997-03-11	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761916840	Crime and immigrant youth	Tony Waters		Crime and Immigrant Youth is a unique study of migration as a process that sometimes leads to youthful crime beyond the norms of either the home or host culture. Tony Waters uses data from 100 years of United States immigration records to examine immigrant groups such as Laotians, Koreans and Mexicans in the late 20th century, as well as Mexicans and Molkan Russians in the early years of the century. The study reveals the sequential consequences of a high proportion of young males in an immigrant group: patterned misunderstanding between parents and children; deviant subcultures such as gangs; structural rather than cultural differences with the host community. Tony Waters also devotes a large part of this study to show where and why crime does not develop on account of a large presence of immigrant youth.	1999-03-31	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761916857	Crime & immigrant youth	Tony Waters		Crime and Immigrant Youth is a unique study of migration as a process that sometimes leads to youthful crime beyond the norms of either the home or host culture. Tony Waters uses data from 100 years of United States immigration records to examine immigrant groups such as Laotians, Koreans and Mexicans in the late 20th century, as well as Mexicans and Molkan Russians in the early years of the century. The study reveals the sequential consequences of a high proportion of young males in an immigrant group: patterned misunderstanding between parents and children; deviant subcultures such as gangs; structural rather than cultural differences with the host community. Tony Waters also devotes a large part of this study to show where and why crime does not develop on account of a large presence of immigrant youth.	1999-03-31	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761958413	The emergent manager	Tony J. Watson&Pauline Harris		The Emergent Manager examines the process of becoming a manager within organizations and considers how people relate the ways in which they 'manage' their lives to their development as managers in the workplace.   At the heart of the book is the idea of the individual engaged in a continual process of 'becoming'. Focusing on the reported experiences of managers, the book is richly illustrated throughout with examples drawn from a variety of workplaces, including the civil service, academia, the retail industry, construction and engineering, banking and the prison service.   Tony Watson and Pauline Harris together provide a new understanding of the nature of the management role and the ways in which people make sense of their lives as managers.  Accessible and innovative, this book will be of interest to students and academics in management and organization studies as well as practising managers.	1999-12-13	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803956193	Dynamic patterns in communication processes	James H. Watt&C. Arthur VanLear		While there is general acknowledgement that communication is a process rather than a condition, there has been little systematic examination of dynamic processes within communication studies.  This volume examines these processes within the communications field as a whole, from interpersonal to mass communication, and thereby brings to light many largely unexplored connections. The first part focuses on the methodological and theoretical significance of communication events or states which vary regularly, or in some distinct pattern, over time. The second section is a compilation of current theories and research based on the ideas of cyclic and dynamic patterns which occur in diverse communication settings.	1996-05-21	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803940031	Students at risk in at-risk schools,improving environments for learning	Hersholt C. Waxman		What can educational leaders and teachers do to assist at-risk students? This volume examines educators' responsibility for students who fail, the dropout issue and school reform; contributors also explore learning differences, technologies available for learning, effective classroom environments, specific methods for improving leadership, training programmes for education professionals and action plans for quality education.	1992-02-19	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761994251	The gender gap in basic education,NGOs as change agents	Rekha Wazir		This collection is an attempt to map the Indian educational scenario from two perspectives: a) gender disadvantage in access to basic education and b) the debates in the field of educational access and the NGO functioning, the articles in this book cover a wide range of topics focusing on the demand, supply and institutional dimensions of female educational disadvantage. The key distinguishing feature of this book is the specific attention given to the NGO sector. The responses to the NGO sector to poor educational performance and to the gender gap are explored in detail.	2000-03-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803975361	Leisure and feminist theory	Betsy Wearing		Wide-ranging and challenging, this book offers a host of new insights into how leisure theory has handled the question of gender difference and inequality.  Providing a critical introduction to the leading positions in leisure theory, Betsy Wearing guides the reader through their strengths and weaknesses from a feminist perspective. This book draws attention to the various leisure experiences that women encounter and construct in their everyday lives and the meanings that these experiences have for them. Her perspective takes into account such poststructuralist ideas as multiple subjectivities of women and multiple femininities; the possibilities of resistance to male dominance in leisure; the potential through leisure of rewriting masculine and feminine scripts; and leisure as a site of struggle to challenge hegemonic masculinity.	1998	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781904315261	Enriching Circle Time,Dream Journeys and Positive Thoughts	Yvonne Weatherhead		'This book by Yvonne Weatherhead represents an excellent addition to any busy teacher's collection. Packed with useful, creative ideas it significantly moves forward the national agenda with regard to Circle Time. Devotees of Circle Time strategies will find a wealth of new approaches between its covers whilst newcomers will find it an invaluable introduction. The book is extremely popular on all of my national training events. I personally look forward to the next instalment!' - Alan Peat, International Educational Consultant (www.alanpeat.com)  Yvonne draws upon her experience of using visualisation and positive thoughts with young people in Circle Time. Many teachers recognise the value of promoting aspiration and optimism for young people but they lack the resources and opportunity to introduce these techniques.   This publication fills that gap providing: " twenty Positive Thought scripts, each of which is also provided as a photocopiable poster and in a colour version on the accompanying disk. " eight complete Dream Journey scripts with teacher notes on how to prepare children for these powerful visualisation techniques and ideas for follow up work.  These techniques can be used in several settings, to enrich Circle Time, to provide themes for assemblies or in the classrooms as part of Citizenship and the literacy hour. Yvonne also uses them to relax children before SATs.  A wonderful resource on its own and links are made with key stage 1 and 2 targets including: " Developing confidence and responsibility and making the most of their abilities " Preparing to play an active role as citizens " Developing good relationships and respecting the difference between people " Developing a healthy safer lifestyle.	2004-02-27	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803951716	Group treatment for adult survivors of abuse,a manual for practitioners	Laura Pistone Webb&James Leehan		The long-term effects of child abuse are addressed holistically in this positive volume, which provides a tested treatment model that has been successful in assisting many adult survivors to neutralize or reverse the traumatic effects of early abuse.The authors provide case studies to demonstrate the cumulative, debilitating and long-term effects of the abuse experience, and the value of accessible group therapy in conjunction with an individual treatment programme. Webb and Leehan also discuss the advantages and complications of group treatment for this particular client population, suggest strategies for management and containment, and include an important chapter on therapist self-care.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803951723	Group treatment for adult survivors of abuse,a manual for practitioners	Laura Pistone Webb&James Leehan		"This is a superbly practical book about group treatment for adults who suffered childhood trauma. It reminds us that physical abuse and sexual abuse both involve the betrayal of innocence by caregivers, an innocence that is the right of every child." --Tom Roesler, M.D., National Jewish Center for Immunology and Respiratory Medicine "A model such as the one described in this book is very much needed in this day and age. . . . From my perspective, this book's most substantive contribution is in the articulation of the advantages and complications of group treatment for this specialized population and strategies for management and containment. Group leaders need guidelines and information that are not taught in standard curricula and not widely available otherwise. . . . This book offers group leaders valuable insight into the functioning and utility of such a group model." --from the Foreword by Christine A. Courtois Providing a holistic, practical approach, Group Treatment for Adult Survivors of Abuse addresses the long-term effects of child abuse and provides a tested model for treatment. This new model assists survivors with neutralizing, even reversing, the effects of early abuse trauma. Authors Laura Pistone Webb and James Leehan skillfully use case studies to demonstrate the relationship between the abuse experience; the cumulative, debilitating and long-term effects that hinder personal maturation; and the value of accessible group therapy in conjunction with an individual treatment program. This valuable volume discusses the advantages and complications of group treatment for this special population and offers strategies for management and containment. The authors validate the overlap that frequently occurs in patterns of abuse and stress the need to be encompassing rather than restrictive in treatment approach. Unique to the book is also an important chapter on self-care for group leaders. A positive, hands-on resource, Group Treatment for Adult Survivors of Abuse provides excellent guidelines for those who develop, lead, and maintain programs, including professionals in helping services, as well as professors and students in clinical and counseling psychology, social work, victimology, sociology, and social problems.	1996-07-17	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803967489	The educator's guide to solutioning,the great things that happen when you focus students on solutions, not problems	Willyn H. Webb		Shows the reader how to be a solution-focused educator, creating students who control their own choices and behaviours. Within each chapters the reader will find language lessons, practice scenarios, conversation worksheets, student worksheets, and many immediately usable ideas.	1999-01-20	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803979437	The modern British party system	Paul D. Webb		`This is a really excellent book, the best on British parties that I have read in recent years. Paul Webb utilises the latest research and modern analytical techniques to provide a sophisticated study of parties and the party system which is packed with information. It is a major contribution not just to the literature on British politics but also to the comparative literature on political parties' - David Denver, Lancaster University  `Paul Webb's new book is likely to remain the standard work on the British party system for years to come' - Peter Mair, University of Leiden  `A landmark study. I cannot commend this book too highly to teachers of British politics, students and professional analysts alike' - Ian Budge, University of Essex  `An excellent book that will be much quoted by scholars in future years' - Alan Ware, Oxford University  `Paul Webb provides the most comprehensive and well-documented analysis of the programmatic and organizational changes in the British party system. His conclusion that British parties remain critically important to the functioning of democracy is strengthened by his comparative approach. This book is a major contribution to the study of British party politics' - Patrick Seyd, University of Sheffield  Providing a complete up-to-date overview of the changing nature of contemporary party politics in Britain, this book draws on models of comparative politics and the latest empirical analysis to explain the capacity of British parties to adapt to a changing political environment. A number of broad themes include: the nature and extent of party competition; the internal life and organizational development of parties; the variety of evolving party systems in the United Kingdom; and the links between parties and the wider political system.  The current weaknesses of party performance are addressed, and the scope of reform explained and examined. Contrary to claims of 'decline', however, the book demonstrates that party politics remain essentially vibrant and intrinsic to modern British democracy.  The Modern British Party System will be an essential text for all students of contemporary British politics, parties and party systems.	2000	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803979444	The modern British party system	Paul D. Webb		`This is a really excellent book, the best on British parties that I have read in recent years. Paul Webb utilises the latest research and modern analytical techniques to provide a sophisticated study of parties and the party system which is packed with information. It is a major contribution not just to the literature on British politics but also to the comparative literature on political parties' - David Denver, Lancaster University  `Paul Webb's new book is likely to remain the standard work on the British party system for years to come' - Peter Mair, University of Leiden  `A landmark study. I cannot commend this book too highly to teachers of British politics, students and professional analysts alike' - Ian Budge, University of Essex  `An excellent book that will be much quoted by scholars in future years' - Alan Ware, Oxford University  `Paul Webb provides the most comprehensive and well-documented analysis of the programmatic and organizational changes in the British party system. His conclusion that British parties remain critically important to the functioning of democracy is strengthened by his comparative approach. This book is a major contribution to the study of British party politics' - Patrick Seyd, University of Sheffield  Providing a complete up-to-date overview of the changing nature of contemporary party politics in Britain, this book draws on models of comparative politics and the latest empirical analysis to explain the capacity of British parties to adapt to a changing political environment. A number of broad themes include: the nature and extent of party competition; the internal life and organizational development of parties; the variety of evolving party systems in the United Kingdom; and the links between parties and the wider political system.  The current weaknesses of party performance are addressed, and the scope of reform explained and examined. Contrary to claims of 'decline', however, the book demonstrates that party politics remain essentially vibrant and intrinsic to modern British democracy.  The Modern British Party System will be an essential text for all students of contemporary British politics, parties and party systems.	2000	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761965008	How to promote children's social and emotional competence	Carolyn Webster-Stratton		`This book is inspirational as a best practice guide for work with children who are presenting with aggresive or other behaviour problems' - Practical Parenting This book is for teachers of children aged 4-8 years. It shows how teachers can collaborate with parents in addressing children's educational and emotional needs. The author presents a variety of classroom management strategies, which teachers can choose from to strengthen children's social and academic competence. She believes that children's emotional literacy is as important as academic literacy.The book shows how teachers can set up individualized programmes which address the special social and emotional needs of children at parti	1999	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9788178292243	Basic Math For Management Professionals : A Survivor'S Guide	Weiglin		The lack of mathematical knowledge is a major obstacle for many marketing and management professionals. Without a solid foundation in accounting, finance, mathematics or economics, these people often become confused and frustrated, leading to situations where they are unable to play a strategic role in the higher echelons of a company.This is a simple and fun to read book which provides an introduction to the underlying mathematical concepts in marketing and management, in easy to understand terms. Written in a conversational style, this delightful book provides the tools in order to fully understand mathematical concepts, using realistic approaches, real life examples and illustrations to gently introduce these concepts to the reader. The book also includes relevant non-mathematical issues such as price sensitivity, product distribution and sales estimates.	2002-11-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803973428	Political tolerance,balancing community and diversity	Robert Weissberg		At first glance, the virtues of tolerance seem absolutely unassailable. Yet, in this increasingly charged climate, qualified behavioral tolerance seems to have been replaced by a blank-check attitudinal tolerance that threatens individual liberty and stifles free speech. This argument is at the center of this compelling new volume in the Contemporary American Politics series. Author Robert Weissberg takes a serious look at the political shifts over the past 30 years and their effect on our attitudes and our behavior. Political Tolerance shines a light on questions that are often obscured or ignored: What should be tolerated? Is being highly tolerant always a praiseworthy virtue? Is the welcoming of differences too often merely a way to escape being labeled intolerant? This book provides a serious, scholarly introduction to notions of tolerance over time and considers many of the most controversial topics of modern time in an unblinking and thoughtful manner. Political Tolerance is a must-read for scholars and students in a wide range of courses in political thought and political science.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803946590	Children and adolescents in need,a legal primer for the helping professional	Virginia G. Weisz		The critical needs of neglected and abused children are explored in this volume. The author discusses the challenges faced by practitioners who must provide the resources and support to help such vulnerable children anticipate the future with hope and confidence.Topics covered include: professional responsibility; physical, emotional and sexual abuse of children; family support; adoption; and mental health issues. Weisz also examines the complex legal and professional issues surrounding the decision to remove children from parents who abuse or neglect them.The book includes case studies to illustrate the efforts required to coordinate multidisciplinary services whose aim is to achieve long-term positive i	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803946606	Children and adolescents in need,a legal primer for the helping professional	Virginia G. Weisz		The critical needs of neglected and abused children are explored in this volume. The author discusses the challenges faced by practitioners who must provide the resources and support to help such vulnerable children anticipate the future with hope and confidence.Topics covered include: professional responsibility; physical, emotional and sexual abuse of children; family support; adoption; and mental health issues. Weisz also examines the complex legal and professional issues surrounding the decision to remove children from parents who abuse or neglect them.The book includes case studies to illustrate the efforts required to coordinate multidisciplinary services whose aim is to achieve long-term positive i	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803943896	Effects of psychotherapy with children and adolescents	John R. Weisz&Bahr Weiss		The effectiveness of psychotherapy with children and adolescents is discussed in this provocative volume, which is essential reading for a wide range of mental health practitioners. Issues discussed include: who drops out and who stays in treatment; clinic- and community-based therapy; conditions that maximize therapy effects; and whether the effects of therapy differ with child age or gender, therapist level of experience or variations in therapeutic method.The authors provide an authoritative overview of both research and practice. Research findings on the effects of child psychotherapy are examined and summarized by the authors. They then discuss methods for increasing the effectiveness of psychotherapy with the populat	1993-02-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803955363	Computer programs for qualitative data analysis,a software sourcebook	Eben A. Weitzman&Matthew B. Miles		Written by qualitative researchers for qualitative researchers, and not presuming extensive computer experience, this user-friendly guide takes a critical look at the wide range of software currently available.  The book gives detailed reviews of 24 programs in five major categories: text retrievers, textbase managers, code-and-retrieve programs, code-based theory-builders and conceptual network-builders. In addition, the book provides ratings of over 75 features per program. The authors also offer detailed guidance on the operation of each program, helping the reader to ask key questions about the use of the computer - the nature of the project being undertaken, what time-line analyses are planned and what worksheets are re	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761910831	Punishment in America,social control and the ironies of imprisonment	Michael Welch (Ph. D.)		In Punishment in America Michael Welch gathers together his seminal contributions to the most crucial and controversial issues in criminal justice. Topics range from the war on drugs, boot camps and institutional violence, to AIDS and HIV, capital punishment and the entire corrections industry.  This coherent, but critical vision of punishment and corrections emphasizes social control but takes account of key social forces such as politics, religion and morality.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761955931	Undoing aesthetics	Wolfgang Welsch		`The aestheticization of everyday life' has become a commonplace term, one which often merely scratches the surface of contemporary culture. This study illuminates the deeper dynamics of aesthetic reality from a philosophical perspective.   Wolfgang Welsch, author of the influential Aesthetic Thinking, develops an important analysis of contemporary culture with philosophical bite. He examines global aestheticization phenomena, probes the relationship of aesthetics and ethics, and considers the broad relevance of aesthetics for contemporary thinking. He argues that modes of thought familiar from the aesthetic realm comprise fundamental paradigms for understanding today's reality. The implications for specific and every	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761955948	Undoing aesthetics	Wolfgang Welsch		`The aestheticization of everyday life' has become a commonplace term, one which often merely scratches the surface of contemporary culture. This study illuminates the deeper dynamics of aesthetic reality from a philosophical perspective. Wolfgang Welsch, author of the influential Aesthetic Thinking, develops an important analysis of contemporary culture with philosophical bite. He examines global aestheticization phenomena, probes the relationship of aesthetics and ethics, and considers the broad relevance of aesthetics for contemporary thinking. He argues that modes of thought familiar from the aesthetic realm comprise fundamental paradigms for understanding today's reality. The implications for specific and every	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412901635	Understanding primary science,ideas, concepts and explanations	Martin Wenham		This new edition provides even more of the background knowledge that teachers need in order to plan effective programs and answer children's questions with confidence.	2004-12-08	Paul Chapman Educational Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780803965614	Technology and the educational workplace,understanding fiscal impacts	Kathleen C. Westbrook		This volume focuses on the power of technology to improve education and to create global educational environments. The contributors present exciting new programs for training administrators and teachers, and makes clear the possibilities that technology brings to the lives of researchers and policymakers.	1998-08-31	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803982185	Comprehensive security for the Baltic,an environmental approach	Arthur H. Westing&International Peace Research Institute&United Nations Environment Programme		Comprehensive Security for the Baltic explores the extent to which regional cooperation on environmental protection and natural-resource utilization serves as a confidence-building measure that fosters comprehensive international security. The contributors first provide an overview of the concept of regional political security and the extent to which environmental security might contribute to the former. They then give a detailed overview of the Baltic, examining the formal mechanisms and organizations for regional environmental cooperation, and formulating the means for building regional confidence. Finally they consider the extent to which regional security contributes to a sustainable future, not only at the regio	1989	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761950370	Identities, groups and social issues	Margaret Wetherell		`When considering a volume that has essentially the form of a textbook, particular criteria apply. It is important that it is accurate, up-to-date and covers an appropriate range of material in an accessible and stimulating manner. It is important that it is a flexible vehicle for use with diverse courses, and does not overly impose a particular or narrow intellectual structure. In all these respects, this text is to be recommended.... Finally, it is important that all students of social psychology should try to see the historical and cultural linkages that extend across and through its subject area, and this is the other message that comes across from this exceptionally well thought-through book' - Journal of Community and Applied So	1996	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761950387	Identities, groups and social issues	Margaret Wetherell		`When considering a volume that has essentially the form of a textbook, particular criteria apply. It is important that it is accurate, up-to-date and covers an appropriate range of material in an accessible and stimulating manner. It is important that it is a flexible vehicle for use with diverse courses, and does not overly impose a particular or narrow intellectual structure. In all these respects, this text is to be recommended.... Finally, it is important that all students of social psychology should try to see the historical and cultural linkages that extend across and through its subject area, and this is the other message that comes across from this exceptionally well thought-through book' - Journal of Community and Applied So	1996	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803939790	Advances in field theory	Susan A. Wheelan&Emmy Angelica Berger Pepitone&Vicki Abt		Advances in Field Theory offers a comprehensive overview and analysis of one of the most influential theories in psychology. Based on the pioneering work of noted social psychologist Kurt Lewin, this impressive volume outlines the work of several generations of international field theorists and attests to the durability and utility of Lewin's work. A brilliant array of essays trace the history and development of field theory, and discuss its various applications in a number of settings. Topics addressed include managing social conflict, self-help groups, field theory and the construction of social problems, and academic sex discrimination, to name only a few. This tightly-edited, well-balanced volume is an essential resource for professionals and students in the fields of social psychology, clinical psychology, social work, and sociology.	1990-11	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803940178	Controversial issues in economic regulatory policy	Marcia Lynn Whicker		Regulation is a necessary underpinning of markets and capitalism, but who should make regulatory policy and how much power should they have? Has regulation in the United States gone too far? Marcia Whicker explores U.S. economic policy, drawing attention to the critical role played by political philosophy, political institutions, the cultural climate, and popular reaction to ever-changing economic conditions. Whicker examines the debates of U.S. economic policy--the proper size of government, the government's role in managing the economy, and the role the government should play in economic growth and in aiding the economically disadvantaged. She describes long-term economic and political cycles, such as the Kondratieff cycle, that appear to stymie government in its efforts to maintain a stable economy. Other issues discussed include tradeoffs between market versus government control of the economy, debates over a supply-side versus demand-side economic policy, deficit spending, taxation, controversies surrounding the savings and loan scandals of the 1990s, and the impact of living in a globalized economy. This is a comprehensive picture of the problems, issues, and debates that surround economic policy in the U.S. in the 1990s; it places in a political context the pros and cons of governmental efforts to deal with reality, rhetoric, and theory.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803940185	Controversial issues in economic regulatory policy	Marcia Lynn Whicker		Regulation is a necessary underpinning of markets and capitalism, but who should make regulatory policy and how much power should they have? Has regulation in the United States gone too far? Marcia Whicker explores U.S. economic policy, drawing attention to the critical role played by political philosophy, political institutions, the cultural climate, and popular reaction to ever-changing economic conditions. Whicker examines the debates of U.S. economic policy--the proper size of government, the government's role in managing the economy, and the role the government should play in economic growth and in aiding the economically disadvantaged. She describes long-term economic and political cycles, such as the Kondratieff cycle, that appear to stymie government in its efforts to maintain a stable economy. Other issues discussed include tradeoffs between market versus government control of the economy, debates over a supply-side versus demand-side economic policy, deficit spending, taxation, controversies surrounding the savings and loan scandals of the 1990s, and the impact of living in a globalized economy. This is a comprehensive picture of the problems, issues, and debates that surround economic policy in the U.S. in the 1990s; it places in a political context the pros and cons of governmental efforts to deal with reality, rhetoric, and theory.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761920649	Family theories	James M. White&David M. Klein		This solid revision of the best-selling Family Theories remains the only single-volume textbook to present family theory in a clear, approachable manner appropriate for both advanced undergraduate and beginning graduate students. James White and David Klein draw upon seven major theoretical frameworks developed by key social scientists to explain variation in family life, including the exchange, symbolic-interaction, family life course development, systems, conflict, feminist, and ecological theoretical frameworks. Recommended for courses in Theories of the Family, Marriage & the Family, Family Studies, and Sociology of the Family.	2002-06-27	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803991439	Participatory communication,working for change and development	Shirley A. White&K. Sadanandan Nair&Joseph R. Ascroft		This pioneering and thought-provoking volume explores the strengths, weaknesses, and complex nature of participation in many diverse settings while pinpointing important related concepts such as power and control, conscientization, and empowerment and self-reliance. Two central themes run throughout Participatory Communication: development communication must be dialogic and transactional; and development communicators must play a critical role in offering new philosophies, concepts, and models which facilitate participation at all stages of the development process. With its judicious blend of theoretical models and case studies and its refreshing ability to challenge received wisdom concerning participation, development, and communication processes, Participatory Communication will interest a wide range of academics and professionals as well as voluntary agencies. This book comes close to being unrivalled for its scope . . . and reflects the sincerity and concern of the contributors for the toiling marginalised muted millions. -Economic and Political Weekly As a professor of development communication myself, I intend to read the book again and again. It fulfills the voracious requirements of the duty to profess to students. It is a virtual encyclopedia on development communication, what with its 21 chapters dedicated to one or the other aspect of the philosophies, theories, models, practices, and history of that field, particularly the concept of participation . . . All in all, the book celebrates a philosophy that has influenced a generation' of practitioners, students, and scholars of development and communication. -Media Asia	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761944690	Language and literacy in the early years	Marian R. Whitehead		`I found this book to be clearly written and exceptionally well organized. Each chapter is prefaced with a glossary of key terms.  The book will be invaluable for students, early years professionals and support staff, working to develop spoken language, reading and writing with young children and their families' - Child Language Teaching and Therapy  `This empowering book should be a "must" for anyone working with nought to eight-year-olds' - Nursery World  `Marian Whitehead valuably reminds us what the organization and interpretation of curriculum statements is all about. The book forces the reader to attend to the voice of the child against the encroachment of inappropriate curriculum demands'- TACYTC  'This Third Edition of Marian Whitehead's book Language and Literacy in the Early Years is a welcome update of an already key text for early years educators. This new edition reflects continuing research over the last 20 years in the field of language and literacy development whilst also embracing recent developments and initiatives which have influenced early years education. Marian has broadened the context of early years education beyond the classroom, acknowledging the variety of settings and professionals who are now involved in educating and developing young children from birth onwards. The text relates theory and practice in an easily readable form with particularly helpful sections on key terminology and summaries within each chapter. A most useful, practical text which no early years practitioner should be without' - Jacqueline Barbera, Director of Undergraduate ITT, Liverpool Hope University College  This Third Edition of Language and Literacy in the Early Years has been updated to reflect current professional interests and the latest developments in the field. The book provides comprehensive coverage of issues in language, literacy and learning, focusing on the age range from birth to eight years.   The author emphasizes the joy and creativity involved in supporting young children's development as speakers, writers and readers. While taking account of current initiatives and programmes, the author supports flexible teaching methods in what is a complex teaching and learning process.   This book is essential reading for primary and early years students and practitioners in the field of language and literacy including nursery nurses, classroom assistants and Foundation Stage teachers.	2004-09-17	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761944706	Language and literacy in the early years	Marian R. Whitehead		`I found this book to be clearly written and exceptionally well organized. Each chapter is prefaced with a glossary of key terms.  The book will be invaluable for students, early years professionals and support staff, working to develop spoken language, reading and writing with young children and their families' - Child Language Teaching and Therapy  `This empowering book should be a "must" for anyone working with nought to eight-year-olds' - Nursery World  `Marian Whitehead valuably reminds us what the organization and interpretation of curriculum statements is all about. The book forces the reader to attend to the voice of the child against the encroachment of inappropriate curriculum demands'- TACYTC  'This Third Edition of Marian Whitehead's book Language and Literacy in the Early Years is a welcome update of an already key text for early years educators. This new edition reflects continuing research over the last 20 years in the field of language and literacy development whilst also embracing recent developments and initiatives which have influenced early years education. Marian has broadened the context of early years education beyond the classroom, acknowledging the variety of settings and professionals who are now involved in educating and developing young children from birth onwards. The text relates theory and practice in an easily readable form with particularly helpful sections on key terminology and summaries within each chapter. A most useful, practical text which no early years practitioner should be without' - Jacqueline Barbera, Director of Undergraduate ITT, Liverpool Hope University College  This Third Edition of Language and Literacy in the Early Years has been updated to reflect current professional interests and the latest developments in the field. The book provides comprehensive coverage of issues in language, literacy and learning, focusing on the age range from birth to eight years.   The author emphasizes the joy and creativity involved in supporting young children's development as speakers, writers and readers. While taking account of current initiatives and programmes, the author supports flexible teaching methods in what is a complex teaching and learning process.   This book is essential reading for primary and early years students and practitioners in the field of language and literacy including nursery nurses, classroom assistants and Foundation Stage teachers.	2004	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761903659	Hearing the internal trauma,working with children and adolescents who have been sexually abused	Sandra Wieland		Hearing the Internal Trauma offers therapists an innovative clinical model for understanding what happens within a sexually abused child. Combining the latest research findings in child development, early attachment, sexual abuse, and trauma with extensive clinical experience, this clearly written book assists therapists in not only recognizing signs of a child or adolescent's abuse but also developing effective therapeutic interventions. Author Sandra Wieland first provides a clear description of how children and adolescents present themselves in therapy, identifying how distress from abuse can be exhibited in their play, conversation, and behavior. Then, using a carefully balanced combination of psychoanalytic, behavioral, and cognitive therapies, Wieland imparts a psychodynamic trauma-focused therapy designed especially for abused children and adolescents. Including illustrative case examples of play or conversation as well as the therapist's thought processes, the book describes therapy with children, adolescents, and their nonperpetrator or perpetrator parents. Also included is a thoughtful discussion of the effects a therapist's own experiences and internalizations can have on the therapy process. Easy to read yet thought-provoking, Hearing the Internal Trauma is ideal for therapists, social workers, mental health practitioners, and interns working with this client population. Advanced students will also find the book instructional and enlightening.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803988224	Heterosexuality,a feminism & psychology reader	Sue Wilkinson&Celia Kitzinger		Heterosexuality is generally taken for granted, seldom explicitly addressed. Rarely has it been the focus of sustained theory. This Reader is a forum for the analysis of heterosexuality as it relates to feminism and psychology.  Leading feminists, psychologists and activists explore the personal and political implications of heterosexuality and of heterosexuality as an institution. They consider the extent to which feminism and heterosexuality are compatible and the complex interrelationships between sexual behaviour, categories and identities. Acknowledging the interactions between heterosexism and other oppressions, they point to the contradictions between heterosexual desire and heterosexual coercion, between heterosexual	1993-05-17	Sage publications						ZZZ000000
9780761952282	Representing the other,a Feminism & psychology reader	Sue Wilkinson&Celia Kitzinger		This innovative collection addresses a challenging issue in contemporary feminist theory and practice: whether - and how - we should represent members of groups to which we do not ourselves belong. The discussions identify key concerns related to representation and difference.Contributors draw on personal experiences of speaking `for' and `about' Others in their research, professional practice, writing or political activism. Problems of representing Others with ethnic or cultural backgrounds different from one's own are highlighted, and the discussions extend to representations of children, prostitutes, infertile women, `fat' women, gay men with HIV//AIDS and people with disabilities.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761952299	Representing the other,a Feminism & psychology reader	Sue Wilkinson&Celia Kitzinger		This innovative collection addresses a challenging issue in contemporary feminist theory and practice: whether - and how - we should represent members of groups to which we do not ourselves belong. The discussions identify key concerns related to representation and difference.Contributors draw on personal experiences of speaking `for' and `about' Others in their research, professional practice, writing or political activism. Problems of representing Others with ethnic or cultural backgrounds different from one's own are highlighted, and the discussions extend to representations of children, prostitutes, infertile women, `fat' women, gay men with HIV//AIDS and people with disabilities.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803938151	Measuring sex stereotypes,a multination study	John E. Williams&Deborah L. Best		An exploration of contemporary sex stereotypes and their prevalence in different cultures is provided in this volume.The authors surpass previous studies in three areas: their data covers thirty nations; they test both children and adults and they examine their findings from three theoretical perspectives - affective meanings, ego states and psychological needs. They also examine the practical implications of pan-cultural stereotypes. Since the publication of the original 1982 edition, new adult data from Singapore and Portugal have also been included.	1990-04-01	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803937703	Sex and psyche,gender and self viewed cross-culturally	John E. Williams&Deborah L. Best		Using extensive data collected in 14 countries, Sex and Psyche offers a comprehensive examination of important gender-related concepts in a cross-cultural perspective. Written as a sequel to their first volume, Measuring Sex Stereotypes, Williams and Best extend their research with the Adjective Check List to include multicultural perspectives on sex role stereotypes and the self-concepts of young adults. Specifically, their self-concepts are examined with reference to such factors as their relative strengths, activities, and favorability. Also added to their methodology is the Sex Role Ideology Scale. With this tool, the authors analyze men's and women's sex role ideologies--considering both the more traditional male-dominated perspectives to the more contemporary egalitarian perspectives. The findings concerning sex role ideology are timely and important in documenting the differences in sex role expectations which in turn are related to differences in socio-economic development among countries. Both the existence of universals as well as cross-cultural variations are presented along with the authors' empirical findings. Both Sex and Psyche and its revised sequel are so closely linked that researchers will want to acquire them as a package. Anyone interested in the fields of gender studies, psychology, cross-cultural studies, family studies, and sociology will not want to pass up these essential resources. "Sex and Psyche examines perceptions of the real and ideal self as they relate to sex-role ideology. . . . These volumes [Sex and Psyche, Measuring Sex Stereotypes] serve as an important part of our understanding of gender stereotypes and of what members of many nations have to say about themselves and others." --Contemporary Psychology "Williams and Best's methodology is presented in detail, references are complete, and data are given in an appendix for readers wishing to study them. Although the writing may be too technical for the casual reader, social scientists from a variety of disciplines will find this book interesting and informative. Advanced undergraduates and up." --Choice	1990	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803953345	The indigenous voice in world politics,since time immemorial	Franke Wilmer		Indigenous peoples represent the unfinished business of decolonization. In this fascinating volume, Franke Wilmer examines how indigenous activists are cultivating international support for a program of self-determination and legal protection, as well as how "the indigenous voice in world politics" is transforming civic discourse within the international community. With the United Nations designation for 1993 as the "Year of Indigenous Peoples," this book could not be more timely in its subject matter or in its scale of coverage. The Indigenous Voice in World Politics will serve as a benchmark text for students in ethnic studies, political science, development studies, sociology, and international relations. "The topic area that Dr. Wilmer has defined is a vital one that will appeal to a broad and growing audience. It is not only of great importance and interest morally and politically, but (in Wilmer's hands) of great significance intellectually. Indeed, Wilmer's ability to combine the moral/political with the intellectual/theoretical is exceptional, and a great source of this project's originality and power. This book will find readers among human rights activists, ethnologists, sociologists, cultural anthropologists, students of international relations, and laypersons interested in indigenous peoples, especially American Indians. This is an impressive project." --Richard H. Brown, University of Maryland at College Park "This is one of the few times anyone from the political science discipline has taken a very good cross view of what has transpired in indigenous cultures." --Ron LaFrance, American Indian Program, Cornell University "The Indigenous Voice in World Politics stands as a benchmark text for use in both undergraduate and graduate courses emphasizing or including consideration of the international status of indigenous peoples." --Ward Churchill, American Indian Studies, University of Colorado at Boulder "While Wilmer's analysis of the legal and philosophical debate on the status of indigenous peoples draws heavily on the U. S. experience, specific examples of the fate of these communities are drawn from all around the globe. This book would make an excellent text for courses in American Indian studies, political science, international relations, and international law, as well as a useful supplementary text for courses on ethnic and racial minorities." --Sociological Imagination	1993	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761910886	National television violence study	Sage Publications&inc		The National Television Violence Study is the most thorough and comprehensive study of violence on television to date. The Study responds to enormous public concern about the harmful effects of television on society. In 1993, Senator Paul Simon of Illinois issues a challenge to the television industry to voluntarily pursue an independent assessment of violence on television. In 1994, the cable television industry accepted Simon's challenge by commissioning a prestigious group of media effects researchers from four major universities to conduct a three-year study of TV violence. The project includes an oversight council of representatives from 18 leading public health, legal, medical, research, and entertainment industry policy organizations. Based on the largest and most representative sample of television content ever evaluated by a single scientific study, National Television Violence Study, Volume 2 offers a commentary on the state of violence on American television for viewers, policymakers, the media industry, and media scholars. It analyzes the content of television programming with a special focus on the nature and context of violent portrayals and their likely effect on audiences. It considers such factors as whether the violence is rewarded or punished; whether the portrayal includes the consequences of violence; the realism, extent, and graphicness of the violence; use of weapons; and the involvement of humor. The study includes: + A content analysis of violence in television drama and comedy series, movies, children's shows, and music videos + Research on violence in reality programs, including "talk about violence" in nonfiction shows such as tabloid news, police shows, documentaries, and talk shows + Studies of how program ratings and advisories are used on television and the role they play in the viewing decisions of children + Profiles of potential target audiences for future antiviolence campaigns and a content analysis of current anti-violence public service announcements This second year annual report presents comparative year-to-year data on the nature and extent of violence on television across program genres and channel types. It contributes new data on the effectiveness of various kinds of violence ratings and advisories for children and young adolescent audiences. It also presents a fresh analysis of a national survey of adolescents that sheds light on the most appropriate audiences for anti-violence public service announcements. Finally, it provides novel analyses of "high risk" presentations of violence most likely to adversely affect younger audiences. This groundbreaking report will be of great value to students and researchers in media studies, popular culture, sociology, communication, and violence prevention.	1997-05-08	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761931317	Facilitator's Guide to The Student Evaluation Standards	Lori A. Wingate&Joint Committee on Standards for Educational Evaluation		Introducing educators to the Joint Committee's 28 standards is easy with this supplement that gives you everything you need to facilitate your workshops.	2003-09	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781873942130	Listen to me!,the voices of pupils with emotional and behavioural difficulties (EBD)	Susan Wise		`This book is an essential tool if schools are to achieve effective ways forward with those students who are unhappy; disaffected and therefore unable to cope with the present system' - SNIP  `This is a valuable and well-written book which deserves to be widely read' - Support for Learning  `The structure of the book is well organized and the use of marginal summaries is particularly use for those wishing an overview of the key themes from the book' - Educational Psychology in Practice  HIGHLY COMMENDED TES/NASEN BEST ACADEMIC BOOK AWARD 2001  Susan gained her doctorate by researching the experiences of young people who had become disaffected with school. Here, she uses that information to provide a fascinating insight into the feelings and views of those young people who are hard to motivate. What we learn from her work is that we might not like what we hear, we might not agree with what we hear, but, if we are to include these young people in our schools, then we must listen to them.  This book very cleverly combines the academic study with a practical, accessible format. Margin summaries allow the browser to find relevant material. Most importantly, the book provides teachers with suggestions on how to better provide for the pupils who are hard to reach and hard to teach.	2000-01-01	Lucky Duck Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780761950981	Gender and discourse	Ruth Wodak		The contributors to this collection offer an essential introduction to the ways in which feminist linguistics and critical discourse analysts have contributed to our understanding of gender and sex. By examining how these perspectives have been applied to these concepts, the contributors provide both a review of the literature, as well as an opportunity to follow the most recent debates in this area. Through an analysis of a range of real data, they also demonstrate the relevance of these theoretical and methodological insights for gender research in particular and social practice in general. A purely theoretical first part discusses the most relevant issues about power, racism, and the gender-sex debate, while the second part focuses on gendered discourse in both the public and private domains; the workplace, as well as the family. The third and final part provides the reader with a number of studies from a more ethnographic point of view where the impact of culture on the discursive construction of gender is illustrated. This fascinating volume succeeds in bringing together European, American, and Australian traditions of research and will be essential reading for all students of linguistics, gender, and psychology.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803970304	Alternatives to violence,empowering youth to develop healthy relationships	David A. Wolfe&Christine Wekerle&Katreena Scott		Motivated by the need to stop violence against women and children, the authors of this timely volume argue that the key to preventing interpersonal violence lies in education during that "window of opportunity" -- adolescence.  The authors present a model designed to educate young people about the abuse of power and to assist them in forming egalitarian relationships. Their hope is that as healthier relationships are formed, the overall risk of violence against women and children is reduced and the foundation is laid for future, non-violent relationships.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853963377	Returning to Work,A Directory of Education and Training for Women	Women Returners' Network		Are you: A woman wanting to return to work after a break? A woman seeking to improve career prospects through education or training? An adviser providing education or training or an employer keen to develop your awareness of the opportunities available to women?  If you are any of these you need the Eighth Edition of Returning to Work: a directory of education and training for women.  Compiled by the Women Returners' Network, this unique directory of education and training for women has been completely revised.  It provides information on over 1,700 courses across the UK which offer opportunities and facilities that enable women returners to participate in, for example: shortened-day timetables to fit in with school hours; hands-on experience with information technology equipment; job-sampling experience; the opportunity to assess abilities, discover new interests, widen horizons and develop confidence; and guidance and counselling sessions.  Returning to Work also gives vital information on: how to find out what education and training is available; key national training providers; eligibility for mandatory grants and details of awards and sponsorship schemes; national organizations offering further support for women returning to education or training or employment; and local contact points for further information and advice in county or region.	1996-05-28	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803936836	Eating and growth disorders in infants and children	Joseph L. Woolston		Do certain eating disorders directly correlate with neglect and abuse? What do eating and growth disorders have in common? And, are some treatment methods more successful than others in treating such disorders? In Eating and Growth Disorders in Infants and Children Woolston examines the relevant literature on each major eating and growth disorder from infancy through childhood. Among the disorders considered are failure to thrive, psychosocial dwarfism, rumination, pica, obesity, and anorexia nervosa. The author describes the emergence and course of each specific disorder, discusses known or suspected risk factors, and alerts the reader to unresolved clinical and research issues. Woolston also stresses the advantages of using a multidisciplinary team approach --including a pediatrician, a nurse, a developmental psychologist, a social worker, and a nutritionist--and points out that all aspects and levels of risk should be considered. Comprehensive, yet concise, this book presents an excellent overview of the various aspects of each disorder. It is an indispensable volume for professionals and students in developmental psychology, clinical psychology, psychiatry, social work, and nursing.	1991	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761940708	Children's mathematics,making marks, making meaning	Maulfry Worthington&Elizabeth Carruthers		Drawing on their many years' experience of teaching children 3 to 8 years, the authors explain the development and range of young children's mathematical marks and representations. They show how to assess and support these early mathematical graphics. The authors believe that this is the key to success in school mathematics and to higher levels of achievement.Offering a wealth of practical guidance to support teachers of young children, the book is linked to current educational theory. It sets out ways of helping children make sense of mathematics and suggests an alternative approach to the use of worksheets. It is supported by numerous examples of children's own representations and intuitive methods. Children are then more able to translate between their informal knowledge and more abstract forms of mathematical symbolism, which they meet as they progress through school.	2003-06-02	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803944015	Adult Personality Development: Applications	Lawrence S. Wrightsman		This stimulating book and its companion volume, Adult Personality Development: Theories and Concepts, reflect an expansion of the coverage of Wrightsman's initial book, Personality Development in Adulthood. The luxury of greater length has permitted an exploration of new topics, including the use of a wider variety of sources including scholarly articles and books, biographies, and case studies. Increased attention is devoted to creativity in adulthood, to learning and memory, to marriage stability, and other topics. The book provides a focus for a Psychology of Adulthood course that encourages students to look at the evolving nature of their own lives. Particular attention is given to developing an extensive set of references (over 700 in this volume) as an aid to scholars. Adult Personality Development will attract a wide readership among students and professionals of Psychology, Developmental and Clinical Psychology, Aging, Family Studies, Social Psychology, Gender Studies and Nursing.	1994-03-22	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803927742	Assumptions about human nature,implications for researchers and practitioners	Lawrence S. Wrightsman		"This book, which is in its second edition, provides a provocative mirror from which to discern more clearly one's own assumptions about human nature. . . . I found myself reflecting on the subject matter and its impact on my own life, including relationships, teaching, research, and therapy. . . . The author has done a superb job of raising our consciousness about human nature in this book, an I strongly recommend it to academic and applied psychologists. If you need an invitation to examine your views about human nature, this book is it." --C. R. Snyder, University of Kansas, Lawrence In general, are people trustworthy or unreliable, altruistic or selfish? Are they simple and easy to understand or complex and beyond comprehension? Our assumptions about human nature color everything from the way we bargain with a used-car dealer to our expectations about further conflict in the Middle East. Because our assumptions about human nature underlie our reactions to specific events, Wrightsman designed this second edition to enhance our understanding of human nature--the relationship of attitudes to behavior, the unidimensionality of attitudes, and the influence of social movements on beliefs. Psychologists, social workers, researchers, and students will find Assumptions About Human Nature an illuminating exploration into the philosophies of human nature.	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803927759	Assumptions about human nature,implications for researchers and practitioners	Lawrence S. Wrightsman		"This book, which is in its second edition, provides a provocative mirror from which to discern more clearly one's own assumptions about human nature. . . . I found myself reflecting on the subject matter and its impact on my own life, including relationships, teaching, research, and therapy. . . . The author has done a superb job of raising our consciousness about human nature in this book, an I strongly recommend it to academic and applied psychologists. If you need an invitation to examine your views about human nature, this book is it." --C. R. Snyder, University of Kansas, Lawrence In general, are people trustworthy or unreliable, altruistic or selfish? Are they simple and easy to understand or complex and beyond comprehension? Our assumptions about human nature color everything from the way we bargain with a used-car dealer to our expectations about further conflict in the Middle East. Because our assumptions about human nature underlie our reactions to specific events, Wrightsman designed this second edition to enhance our understanding of human nature--the relationship of attitudes to behavior, the unidimensionality of attitudes, and the influence of social movements on beliefs. Psychologists, social workers, researchers, and students will find Assumptions About Human Nature an illuminating exploration into the philosophies of human nature.	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803947337	Sexual abuse and consensual sex,women's developmental patterns and outcomes	Gail Elizabeth Wyatt&Michael D. Newcomb&Monika H. Riederle		This is the first book to examine the relationship between sexual and psychological functioning in terms of its effects on patterns of sexual practice over the lifespan. The authors explore: the impact of both voluntary and involuntary sexual experiences in childhood on adolescent sexual activities; the consequences of childhood and adolescent sexual experiences on women's sexual behaviour in adulthood; and the influence of adult sexual abuse.	1993	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761955214	Rethinking youth	Johanna Wyn&Rob White		Young people grow up in varied circumstances with different priorities and perspectives. While youth does not exist as a single group we need to understand what is happening in young people's lives. Rethinking Youth challenges the conventional wisdoms surrounding the position and opportunities of young people today and provides a systematic overview of the major perspectives in youth studies. The authors demonstrate how the concept of youth involves a tension between the social significance of age, which gives young people a common status, and the significance of other social divisions. Drawing upon studies from different societies, they examine debates surrounding youth and economy, youth development, youth subcultures, youth transitions and youth marginalisation. Rethinking Youth offers a provocative critique of mainstream conceptions of youth, the programs and strategies designed for 'at risk' young people, and policy developments in youth affairs. It calls for greater sensitivity to the complexities of youth, and greater emphasis on democracy and equality in dealing with the problems experienced by young people in a rapidly changing world.	1997-02-10	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761993223	Strategic marketing,a guide for developing sustainable competitive advantage	M. J. Xavier		Marketing activity the world over has witnessed an unprecedented spurt in the last decade owing to the process of globalization. In the face of new competition, which includes both global players and a new breed of aggressive domestic entrepreneurs, companies need to rethink their marketing strategies to survive and grow in the crowded market. Strategic Marketing provides a systematic approach to marketing managers to formulate strategies that can give their organizations the desired competitive edge in the current environment, as well as help them to forecast and plan for future challenges. The book covers the various aspects of strategic marketing including the basic concepts, new developments, and strategies to cope with the changing business environment. It discusses the methods to analyse markets, customer requirements, competitor capabilities, organization competencies, and marketing mix. It also covers marketing research methods and demand forecasting techniques. In conclusion, the book integrates all these aspects and discusses the formulation of an effective marketing strategy.	1999-08-23	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9780803984509	Role play,theory and practice	Krysia M. Yardley-Matwiejczuk		Role play, or simulation, techniques are used as important tools in many contexts and disciplines, including research, psychotherapy, organizational change and education. Role play is generally characterized as a method to approximate `real life' experiences in certain settings, yet the results can be disappointing due to lack of knowledge and understanding of the techniques involved.Amply illustrated through helpful and practical vignettes, this wide-ranging volume provides an explanation of role play theory and practice. Readers are shown how role play differs from other experimental or therapeutic techniques, and are introduced to the key requirements of good technique. The author does not offer a recipe book of solutio	1997-06-23	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803975163	Sociology, environmentalism, globalization,reinventing the globe	Steven Yearley		This authoritative book brings together the sociologies of globalization and the environment in one volume. Steven Yearley argues that environmental issues have received scant attention in the general debate on globalization even though environmentalists have been very successful in capturing the language and imagery of the globe.	1996	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9781904315414	The Crescent,Stories to Introduce the Concept of Moral Values for Children Aged 5 to 7	Elizabeth Yeowart&Margaret Mather		The 24 stories in this resource provide a years work based around the people who live in The Crescent. The characters provide a continuity and the themes include:  } giving and taking } bullying and friendship } honesty and lies } birth and new arrivals } environmental issues.  With every story there is a warm up exercise, Circle Time discussion, supplementary ideas, National Curriculum links and photocopiable worksheets.  A comprehensive resource using a mini soap opera storyline, which will help children identify and emphathise with the characters so that they can experience and experiment to gain understanding of their own world.	2004-08-27	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780803977273	Adrienne Rich,passion, politics and the body	Liz Yorke		Adrienne Rich is a major American poet who continues to be inspired by the political ideas and activism of various liberation movements of the twentieth century. Whether expressed in poetry or in prose, her ideas have been much debated, particularly within second wave feminism.This unique introduction focuses on Rich's prose work but also makes reference to the poetry where her political ideas and urgencies often find their first expression. Demonstrating the compexity and subtlety of her contribution to feminism, the book outlines her wide-ranging thoughts on, for example, motherhood, heterosexuality, lesbian and Jewish identity, and issues of racial and sexual otherness. Liz Yorke conveys the range and importance of Rich	1997	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803986220	Imagining crime,textual outlaws and criminal conversations	Alison Young		This book offers an original and challenging reading of the `crimino-legal complex' - criminology, criminal justice, criminal law, the media and everyday experiences - in the light of cultural studies and feminist theory.Through an exploration of the crisis engendered by the failure of the crimino-legal complex to solve the problems of crime and criminality, Alison Young exposes the cultural dimension of its institutions and practices. She analyzes the far-reaching effects of the cultural value given to crime, showing it to be rooted in a powerful nexus of the body, language, the community and everyday life.Imagining Crime examines a number of key events and issues which have signalled shifts in the representation of crime. These include: criminology's resistance to feminist intervention; the pleasures of reading detective fiction; ambiguities of victimization and social justice in the city; sacrificial structures in the law's response to conjugal homicide; policing the ethnicity of the `illegal' immigrant; defensive responses to the limits of representation in the Bulger affair; the governmental strategies of campaigns against single mothers; and the fatalism of the spectacle of HIV/AIDS in criminal justice policy.	1996	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803936850	Preserving families,evaluation resources for practitioners and policymakers	Ying-Ying T. Yuan&Michele Rivest		The evaluation of social programmes for families and children that focus on keeping the family intact - rather than those that emphasize removing the child from the family - is discussed in this volume. Written primarily for evaluators and administrators involved in analyzing family services, chapters raise issues pertinent to the design of both comprehensive and special focus studies.	1990	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803936867	Preserving families,evaluation resources for practitioners and policymakers	Ying-Ying T. Yuan&Michele Rivest		Providing excellent insights into evaluation, Preserving Families examines the issues related to describing and evaluating social programs for families and children. The focus is on keeping the family intact, rather than those programs that emphasize removing the child from the family setting. The contributors offer an in-depth discussion of program features that are important for conducting an evaluation, including program description, target populations, client outcomes, cost analysis, and evaluation design. Each chapter raises issues that are pertinent to designing a comprehensive or a special focus study, including a detailed description of program components. Preserving Families is an essential tool for understanding policy analysis and program evaluation, and also provides practical case materials for classroom instruction. "The monograph offers a number of suggestions and illustrations for making evaluations relevant to 'real world' policymakers and program managers. . . . [It] is a great tool that will help demystify evaluation . . . [and] will help people in the family preservation field--and in related fields--feel competent in helping define and shape the evaluation agenda in ways that will produce useful and usable findings. . . . [It] provides great case material for classroom instruction in program evaluation and policy analysis." --Sandy M. O'Donnell, Roosevelt University "Offers a comprehensive assessment of evaluation resources for practitioners and policy makers. It provides a sound overview of the uses of evaluation, as well the construction of study designs, including defining a target population, fitting evealuation to a program environment, appraising outcome measures, and cost analysis. This collection is valuable to any professional working in the field of family-based, home-based or family preservation services." --Family-Based Resource Review "[The editors] have succeeded in providing a volume that will be helpful not only to family service evaluators and administrators but also to family policy instructors and researchers." --Journal of Marriage and the Family "This manual makes an invaluable contribution to the family preservation movement, the centerpiece of child welfare reform. This comprehensive 'how to,' step-by-step guide arrives at a crucial time: [meeting] a growing demand for evaluation for family preservation services. Experts in the child welfare and mental health fields have provided a pertinent and easily understood response to an urgent question: How can a design for an evaluation be produced that will provide reliable data for practitioners, administrators, and policymakers?" --Esther Wattenberg, University of Minnesota "Provides the most current information on crisis-intervention work with high-risk, multiproblem families. . . . For readers interested in program evaluation of family preservation services, the book is a must. . . . Read Preserving Families for thoughtful, practical suggestions relative to evaluating family preservation programs." --Journal of Marital and Family Therapy "The importance of accurate and available evaluation to social policy formulation is a critical issue that is often ignored because this type of research is generally lacking. Special research techniques and methods need to be considered in order to answer policy questions. This book is an important contribution to that end. The methods and techniques described by these authors are certainly applicable to other social service policy areas as well. Clearly written, this is a volume for hands-on planners and evaluators; it is not intimidating, nor is it condescending." --Family Relations	1990-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761952589	Metacognition,cognitive and social dimensions	Vincent Yzerbyt&Guy Lories&Benoit Dardenne		Metacognition - cognitive processes that apply to themselves - is becoming increasingly recognized as a fundamental aspect of human psychology. In this broad-ranging book, internationally renowned authors show how a full analysis of human reasoning and behaviour requires an understanding of both cognitive and metacognitive activities.Important insights from across social and cognitive psychology are drawn together to offer an unmatched overview of this major debate, and a number of key questions are addressed, including: Are metacognitive activities similar to standard cognitive processes, or do they represent a separate category? How do people reflect on their cognitive processes? Does our metacognitive knowledge affect o	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803934979	Photographing the self,methods for observing personal orientations	Robert Charles Ziller		How can researchers avoid the inherent problem of influencing subjects while observing them? In this pioneering work, Ziller examines the uses of photography and video-communication as observation techniques.  He discusses the advantages and disadvantages of these approaches and outlines various research possibilities when using photo communication. Practical examples are drawn from clinical psychology, intercultural communication, family studies and criminal justice to demonstrate the effectiveness of this approach.	1990-08	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761955795	Jean Baudrillard,art and artefact	Jean Baudrillard&Nicholas Zurbrugg&Institute of Modern Art (Brisbane&Qld.)		This book offers a major reappraisal of Jean Baudrillard's thoughts on the image, radical illusion and media culture.   Here for the first time, through a number of highly accessible interviews and recent essays, Baudrillard introduces what he calls the `stunning clarity' of the photographic, and fascinatingly outlines his present thoughts on urban reality, aesthetics, virtual reality and new media technologies, in the light of his practice as a photographer.   The book is illustrated with eight colour plates of Baudrillard's photographs and includes a number of provocative and illuminating responses to his recent writings from noted Baudrillard scholars. It also includes a definitive bibliography of c	1997	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178292199	Sociological Theory	Adams			2002-09-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761953258	The classical tradition in sociology,the American tradition	Jeffrey C. Alexander&Raymond Boudon&Mohamed Cherkaoui		This authoritative collection of the key secondary literature of American sociology is unparalleled in its scope. The set provides a comprehensive guide and reassessment of the American tradition from the eighteenth century to today: from Franklin to Etzioni demonstrates that Americans have left an indelible mark on sociological theory and method: from the American Enlightenment, through to the monumental contributions of the Chicago School, Parsons, Goffman, Functionalism, Garfinkel and radical-critical theory.Volume 1 considers the emergence of American sociology, and includes the key writings on the American Enlightenment: from Madison to Thoreau, de Tocqueville's seminal critical contribution and the work of Giddings, Small, Dewey and the American pragmatists. One finds here an indispensable survey of the roots of American sociology.Volume 2 covers pragmatism, functionalism and the quantitative tradition. Seminal contributions from Bulmer, Mills, Parsons, Merton and Coser are included. The distinctive twentieth century contribution of American sociology is pinpointed and explored.Volume 3 expands the discussion to explore the distinctive critical strands in American sociology. Classical writings from Bales, Homans, Wrong, Riesman, Lipset, Mills and Bell are selected. The volume gives a sense of the growing richness and self-consciousness of the American contribution.Volume 4 investigates recent trends in American sociology. Selections from the writings of Alexander, Gouldner, Skocpol, Wallerstein, Barrington Moore, Tilly, Sacks and Seidman are included. The fertility and inventiveness of recent American sociology is demonstrated.Learned and all-encompassing in its vision and achievement, The Classical Tradition in Sociology: The American Tradition provides the reader with a distillation of over two centuries of American sociological endeavour. Full account is taken of the reference needs of students as well as of academics.Each hardcover volume of 416 pages is bound to the highest standards. The lettering on the cover is gold embossed. The slip case for the four volumes is also embossed. The volumes are not available separately.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780826463722	Levinas, the Frankfurt School and psychoanalysis	C. Fred Alford			2002-01-30	Continuum						ZZZ000000
9780826463739	Levinas, the Frankfurt School and psychoanalysis	C. Fred Alford			2002-01-30	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761950608	Identities in talk	Charles Antaki&Sue Widdicombe		Identity attracts some of social sciences liveliest and most passionate debates. Theory abounds on matters as disparate as nationhood, ethnicity, gender politics, and culture. But there is much less investigation into the actual empirical details of how identity appears in the details of everyday life. This book gathers together, in a collection of chapters that draw on ethnomethodology and conversation analysis, arguments that show that identities are constructed live in the actual exchange of talk. By closely examining tapes and transcripts of real social interactions from a wide range of situations, using ethnomethodological and conversation analytic methods, the book examines just how it is that a person can be ascribed to a category and what features about that category are consequential for the interaction. This thoughtful volume is ideal for advanced undergraduates, postgraduates, and researchers in social psychology, sociology, communication, and anthropology.	1998	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803993846	Land Reforms in India,Karnataka: Promises Kept and Missed	B. N. Yogandhar&Abdul Aziz&K. Gopal Iyer&Sudhir Krishna		The fourth in a major series that examines the status of land reforms in India, Land Reforms in India, Volume 4 critically reviews the implementation of land reform legislation in the state of Karnataka. It presents the most recent data available in order to provide a holistic understanding of both the historical evolution and the current grassroots situation of land reforms in the state. Written by scholars, activists, and administrators, the chapters in this book examine a wide range of issues, including the central questions concerning the direction Karnataka should now take with regard to land reforms. The options considered include implementing the traditional concept of land reforms but with renewed vigor, maintaining the status quo and letting the existing laws continue in their own pace of implementation, or liberalizing land reform laws in line with the countrys new economic policies. The contributors agree that whichever policy option is adopted, political will and public awareness are the two most important factors in determining the success of future efforts at land reforms in the context of the rapidly changing socioeconomic scenario. The marked absence of jargon and irrelevant theoretical concepts imbues this volume with tremendous practical significance. It is essential reading not only for administrators, policymakers, and activists, but also for scholars in the areas of agrarian studies, political economy, development studies, peasant studies, and policy studies.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761969990	The NVivo qualitative project book	Patricia Bazeley&Lyn Richards		`A great basic book, which can be used by the novice qualitative researcher. The advice is friendly, almost folksy with clear conceptual explanation of how the program works. A very welcome contribution to this field' Martha Ann Carey, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, New York This book invites readers to learn how to use qualitative data analysis software in the context of doing their research project. The reader follows basic steps for creating and conducting a real project with real data, using the new-generation software package, QSR NVivo. The software tools are introduced only as needed and explained in the framework of what is being asked. The reader is the craftsperson, trialling those tools in the processes of getting started, tentative interpretation, drawing links, shaping data, and seeking and establishing explanations and theories. The NVivo Qualitative Project Book allows the researcher to work through their own project, or work with data provided from a real project. The authors draw on decades of experience of research and training researchers around the world, and take the reader through each step in a style combining informality and authority, with frequent tips and reflections on what is being done. Demonstration software is provided on the enclosed CD-ROM, with data to help create (a researcher's project) a project about researchers and researching, and with multiple stages arranged sequentially in the development of a real project. As a practical tool to help researchers understand qualitative data analysis software using NVivo, and a guide through the sometimes complex processes of doing a research project, this book will be invaluable reading for researchers and students undertaking qualitative research. Pat Bazeley provides training and consulting services in research design and data analysis through her company, Research Support. Lyn Richards is Director of Research Services at Qualitative Solutions and Research, the developers of NUDIST and NVivo software. NVivo is distributed by Scolari, Sage Publications Software.	2000-12-19	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761970002	The NVivo qualitative project book	Patricia Bazeley&Lyn Richards		`A great basic book, which can be used by the novice qualitative researcher. The advice is friendly, almost folksy with clear conceptual explanation of how the program works. A very welcome contribution to this field' Martha Ann Carey, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, New York This book invites readers to learn how to use qualitative data analysis software in the context of doing their research project. The reader follows basic steps for creating and conducting a real project with real data, using the new-generation software package, QSR NVivo. The software tools are introduced only as needed and explained in the framework of what is being asked. The reader is the craftsperson, trialling those tools in the processes of getting started, tentative interpretation, drawing links, shaping data, and seeking and establishing explanations and theories. The NVivo Qualitative Project Book allows the researcher to work through their own project, or work with data provided from a real project. The authors draw on decades of experience of research and training researchers around the world, and take the reader through each step in a style combining informality and authority, with frequent tips and reflections on what is being done. Demonstration software is provided on the enclosed CD-ROM, with data to help create (a researcher's project) a project about researchers and researching, and with multiple stages arranged sequentially in the development of a real project. As a practical tool to help researchers understand qualitative data analysis software using NVivo, and a guide through the sometimes complex processes of doing a research project, this book will be invaluable reading for researchers and students undertaking qualitative research. Pat Bazeley provides training and consulting services in research design and data analysis through her company, Research Support. Lyn Richards is Director of Research Services at Qualitative Solutions and Research, the developers of NUDIST and NVivo software. NVivo is distributed by Scolari, Sage Publications Software.	2000-12-19	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761972488	Human growth and development	Chris Beckett		This textbook provides a student-friendly introduction to social and psychological human development across the lifespan. The author presents the key theories and empirical evidence about the way people grow and change over the lifespan, relating theoretical ideas to practice. The book uses examples based on real situations and invites the reader to measure ideas against their own experience and intuitions. It contains a wealth of material, presented with a strong focus on clarity and explanation.	2002-03-15	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761972495	Human growth and development	Chris Beckett		This textbook provides a student-friendly introduction to social and psychological human development across the lifespan. The author presents the key theories and empirical evidence about the way people grow and change over the lifespan, relating theoretical ideas to practice. The book uses examples based on real situations and invites the reader to measure ideas against their own experience and intuitions. It contains a wealth of material, presented with a strong focus on clarity and explanation.	2002-04-23	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761971276	Zygmunt Bauman	Peter Beilharz			2002	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803968233	Emotional literacy,to be a different kind of smart	Rob Bocchino		"Timely and useful. Provides clear and practical strategies to help young people and adults achieve successful and satisfying lives by understanding and managing emotions." Robert Garmston, Professor Emeritus  California State University, Sacramento "Emotional Literacy offers a concise and practical application of the social skills needed to be a productive, fulfilled member of society. This must-read is for everyone concerned about the development of the whole child." Pat Wolfe, Educational Consultant Napa, California You can teach skills for emotional literacy! To meet the complexities of today's world, we need more than intelligence-we need emotional literacy. Emotional literacy means having the skills to understand and manage emotions, to communicate effectively, and to be become an autonomous person. Unfortunately many of us are not emotionally literate enough to help others, let alone ourselves. This book combines strategies and skills with theory and research to identify some of the key skills, maps, and tools needed for emotional literacy.  The author offers jargon-free language, sidebar notes, and handy chapter summaries to help teachers foster the development of emotional literacy. Hands-on classroom examples and strategies support the ideas, and templates illustrate application of the techniques in specific settings. Hints and tips from the field are interwoven in the text. This book focuses on:  Background and research on emotional literacy  Understanding and managing emotions  Communication skills and rapport building  Developing an internal coach  Implications and next steps This book is an excellent introduction to emotional literacy for teachers, principals, and staff developers, as well as teacher preparation faculty.	1999-07-02	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761946076	Reframing the path to school leadership,a guide for teachers and principals	Lee G. Bolman&Terrence E. Deal		The best leaders use multiple frames to view common challenges and to solve the most difficult problems. A series of dialogues between a novice and a master teacher and between a new and a seasoned principal demonstrate how framing-and then reframing-challenges brings clarity.	2002-03	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781412908115	Reflective practice,writing and professional development	Gillie Bolton		"Reflective practice and writing can change lives. It changed mine. The very act of writing down the problem, clarifying, thinking, working through the issues, being faced to commit is powerful. Read this book and learn more."  -Kenneth C. Calman, University of Durham "The book gives me fresh ideas for my teaching, solid theoretical frameworks for understanding it, infused commitment to the method, and grateful pride to be a member of this band of the searchers for truth and joy through writing." -Rita Charon, Columbia University In this fully updated and revised Second Edition author Gillie Bolton draws on her considerable experience as well as extensive research and development in the area to demonstrate and explore a creative dynamic mode of reflection and reflexivity. Using expressive and explorative writing combined with in-depth group work or mentoring and appropriate focused research, it enables deep, sensitive, critical examinations of practice.  Reflective Practice: Writing and Professional Development offers a searching and thorough approach which increases student and professional motivation, satisfaction, and deep levels of learning. Reflection, reflexivity, narrative, metaphor, complexity, and their use, are clearly explained, and the literary and artistic methods used are firmly grounded in educational theory and pedagogical principles.  The methods are appropriate to, and used worldwide by, pre-and post-experience professionals in in-service and Higher Education, in medicine, education, clinical psychology, nursing, therapy, counseling, leadership, life coaching, business management and HR development.	2005-10-06	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761964292	A beginner's guide to training in counselling & psychotherapy	Robert Bor&Stephen Palmer		'This book will be of interest to anyone who may be considering training for a career in counselling and psychotherapy.... This text provides the reader with a considerable amount of information that may be used to select and hopefully successfully complete the right programme of study pertinent to their specific requirements. It maintains a good balance of being honest about the often rigorous and intense task of completing training, as well as being kindly reassuring that success can be achieved if approached in the right manner with sound advice being given throughout on how this may be carried out effectively' - Jacqueline A Lawrence, Counselling Psychology Review  This highly practical and informative book is designed for all who are considering training in counselling, counselling psychology or psychotherapy. To secure work within these increasingly professional and competitive fields, candidates need to have the appropriate training and qualifications. While theoretically, and in practice, the professional groups have much in common, each has its own distinct training routes and qualifications which can be confusing for the newcomer.  A Beginner's Guide to Training in Counselling & Psychotherapy sets out clearly the range of options for trainees including the professional pathways and main theoretical models available to them. Drawing on their vast experience as trainers, practitioners and former trainees, the contributors provide insights into what to expect from training and offer clear advice to help the reader:   - select the right training - identify personal qualities which make them suitable or unsuitable - make a successful application  - get the most out of training  This book is the ideal starting point for anyone considering training in counselling, counselling psychology or psychotherapy. Trainers who want to provide students with an overview of the training process will find this an excellent text to recommend as initial or pre-course reading.	2001-12-20	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761962410	Central Currents in Social Theory: The roots of sociological theory, 1700-1920	Raymond Boudon&Mohamed Cherkaoui			2000	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761962427	Central Currents in Social Theory: Contemporary sociological theory, 1920-2000	Raymond Boudon&Mohamed Cherkaoui			2000	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803957893	The future,images and processes	Elise Boulding&Kenneth Ewart Boulding		This collection of essays by Kenneth and Elise Boulding, spanning a period of 28 years, highlights both the differences and commonalities in thought between these two world renowned and much admired futurist scholars. The overarching theme is a passionate conviction that the world is in dire need of mending. This collection has been brought together in tribute to the life and work of Kenneth Boulding and his dedication to the study of the future as more than an intellectual curiosity, as something which is essential to the survival of humanity itself.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803957909	The future,images and processes	Elise Boulding&Kenneth Ewart Boulding		This collection of essays by Kenneth and Elise Boulding, spanning a period of 28 years, highlights both the differences and commonalities in thought between these two world renowned and much admired futurist scholars. The overarching theme is a passionate conviction that the world is in dire need of mending. This collection has been brought together in tribute to the life and work of Kenneth Boulding and his dedication to the study of the future as more than an intellectual curiosity, as something which is essential to the survival of humanity itself.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803966925	All about sex,the school counselor's guide to handling tough adolescent problems	Loretta J. Bradley&Elaine Jarchow&Beth Robinson		This book will help school counsellors respond more effectively to the challenging sexual issues of adolescence and to better understand the crucial role that such issues play in shaping teenagers' lives. Drawing on their years of experience in roles as varied as parent, teacher, coach, counsellor and administrator, the authors help translate knowledge into effective counselling intervention.  	1999-01-11	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761909217	The uses and misuses of data and models,the mathematization of the human sciences	James Bradley&Kurt C. Schaefer		Undeniably, the amount of "human information" in our culture has increased by leaps and bounds. How that information is used has profound implications on the way we live as a society. At the same time, the discussion of values, norms, and purpose is often missing from the discourse of social research especially by those who work within the positivist framework. Authors James Bradley and Kurt Schaefer develop principles to guide the use of data and models in the human sciences. Writing as scholars who are at home with empirical and mathematical social science, yet taking seriously the critiques of this heritage, the authors propose ways of developing norms without becoming radically subjective. The Uses and Misuses of Data and Models argues eloquently that norms, values, and purpose need to become part of the common discourse of researchers, with more ethical and socially responsible research the result. The Uses and Misuses of Data and Models is an intriguing and thought-provoking book that will be of great interest to anyone involved in the enterprise of social research.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803937864	Applied cross-cultural psychology	Richard W. Brislin		Cross-cultural contacts are now commonplace. In schools, neighborhoods, and businesses cultural diversity is now the rule, not the exception. And, as this contact increases, it raises several important--and fundamental--questions. How valid are our self-perceptions in relation to other cultures? How receptive are we to the viewpoints of other cultures? Indeed, are differences necessarily detriments? In Applied Cross-Cultural Psychology, a distinguished international team of experts examines the many facets of the cross-cultural experience, including cross-cultural testing and assessment, the psychological effects of acculturation, the role of foreign students, industrial and organizational psychology, acculturation and emotional and physical health, and cross-cultural orientation programs. Specific methodologies and how they may be applied in different areas, the emphasis on basics rather than complex theoretical issues, and the development of current knowledge and review of concepts make this innovative book appealing to professors, undergraduate students, and practitioners alike. A must read for anyone with interests in cross-cultural comparative studies, psychology, social psychology, counseling, social work, organization studies, and sociology. "The coverage of topics in this book, in terms of breadth as well as depth, is quite impressive. In the introductory chapter, the editor, Richard Brislin, does an excellent job of drawing together the rather diverse chapters of the volume. In fact, his chapter could easily serve as a very up-to-date summary of the social-personality-clinical components of cross-cultural psychology . . . Overall, this volume represents an important early effort to outline the potential contributions of a cross-cultural orientation to the resolution of social problems. Indeed, there are remarkably few areas in "mainstream" applied psychology that are not covered in this book . . . the volume is very successful. the authors are to be commended for providing a broad look into terribly important and interesting issues in a manner that is palatable to specialist and generalist alike." --Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology "For everybody who wants to become (more) familiar with the cross-cultural psychological approach to diversity, this book will be very useful." --International Association for Intercultural Education "An extraordinarily coherent and well-edited volume of chapters that spans a very wide range of theoretical and applied models of psychology. . . . There is a chapter on cross-cultural psychology and the programmes: on international students; on family and home-based interventions; on acculturation; on the environment, culture and behaviour; and more besides. If these topics whet your appetite, then this is the volume for you." --Behaviour Research Therapy	1990	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803967922	Rekindling the flame,principals combating teacher burnout	Barbara L. Brock&Marilyn L. Grady		A research-based but practical approach to recognizing, managing, and preventing one of the great tragedies of educationteacher burnout. Become a more effective school administrator by helping your teachers stay motivated and vibrant! Rekindling the Flame offers a researched-based but practical approach to recognizing, managing, and preventing one of the great tragedies of educationteacher burnout.	2000-07-18	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803960053	Decentralization,the administrator's guidebook to school district change	Daniel J. Brown		Now available in paper, this comprehensive guidebook explores why North American school districts decentralize, how the change takes place, what can go wrong, who gains and who will work against it. The pros and cons of decentralization are discussed, and the author shows how districts go through three stages of school-based management: exploration, trial and commitment. Based on the experiences of administrators and others who have participated in decentralization, the volume explains what happens when districts decentralize, how to avoid major mistakes and how to evaluate the changeover. Governors, principals, teachers, support staff, parents - in fact, anyone interested in reforms designed to have an effect on children's educational welfare - will find this guidebook indispensable.  	1991-09-11	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803961876	Decentralization,The Administrator's Guidebook to School District Change	Daniel J. Brown		Now available in paper, this guidebook explores why North American school districts decentralize, how the change takes place, what can go wrong, who gains and who will work against it. The pros and cons of decentralization are discussed, and the author shows how districts go through three stages of school-based management: exploration, trial and commitment. Based on the experiences of those who have participated in decentralization, the volume explains what happens when districts decentralize, how to avoid major mistakes and how to evaluate the changeover.	1991	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803939455	Family relations,challenges for the future	Timothy H. Brubaker		Families today are changing in response to shifts in the broader environment: dual-career couples, single-parent families, racially mixed families, now represent the norm rather than the exception. A group of leading family researchers examine current social changes and their impact on family relationsips and family functioning. As an overview of the present state of and future directions for families, this book should be required reading for family researchers, practitioners and students.	1993-01-15	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803965058	It's about time,leading school reform in an era of time scarcity	James E. Bruno		Two of the most difficult challenges to school reform are time and the resistance of older teachers to the proposed changes. Based on a large research study involving over 4000 teachers, this book provides a new framework for both issues by placing teacher participation in the change efforts in a direct relationship to time. Quotations from teachers and vignettes of change efforts support the central concepts.	1997-10-30	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803989757	Baroque reason,the aesthetics of modernity	Christine Buci-Glucksmann		In this fascinating book, Christine Buci-Glucksmann explores the condition of modernity - alienation, melancholy, nostalgia - through the works of a number of writers and philosophers, including the social and aesthetic philosophy of Walter Benjamin.The author examines Baudelaire's haunting image of the city and its profound effect on conceptions of modernity. She goes on to consider how such influential figures as Nietzsche, Adorno, Musil, Barthes and Lacan constitute a baroque paradigm, united by their allegorical style, their conflation of aesthetics with ethics and their subject matter - death, catastrophe, sexuality, myth, the female. In her exegesis of these fundamental themes Buci-Glucksmann proposes an epistemology	1994-03-07	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803988835	Developing democracy,comparative research in honour of J.F.P. Blondel	Ian Budge&Jean Blondel&David H. McKay		This comprehensive book examines comparatively the major political development of our time: the explosion of democracy in Europe and the Third World, and its deepening in the West.  The book analyzes how the new democracies are experimenting with Western models while also highlighting how these models are themselves seriously problematic. Topics include: the relationship of democracy in the nation-state to trans-national and international institutions such as the EC; problems of democracy in Post-Soviet Russia and Latin America; the continuing threat to civil liberties; and the political manipulation of the economy.	1994	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803950603	The Black progress question,explaining the African-American predicament	Stephen Burman		The recent Los Angeles race riots exposed the depth and persistence of the race problem in the United States and symbolized the despair and hopelessness felt in North America's cities. The key question remains: Are African-Americans making any progress towards integration into mainstream society?The Black Progress Question examines the popular responses to this issue and finds them insufficient. For too long, the analysis of black progress has been met with an unwarrented optimism. Stephen Burman presents an alternative approach, sobering in its realism, which will dispel beliefs that a solution to this problem is close at hand.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178292144	Understanding Journalism	Lynette Sheridan Burns		In a brilliant series of studies, Roy Bhaskar, the originator of the influential, multi-disciplinary and international philosophy of critical realism, presents for the first time in published form, his new philosophy of Meta-Reality. The philosophy of Meta-Reality confirms many aspects of the great philosophical traditions of the past, while correcting their one-sidedness and transcending their dualism and dichotomies, representing what is valid in them in a radically new way, apt for our contemporary times of global crisis.	2002-08-01	Vistaar Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412924979	Teaching science in elementary and middle school,a cognitive and cultural approach	Cory A. Buxton&Eugene F. Provenzo		Grounded in a social and historical context, this unique book encourages readers to think like scientists...Teaching Science in Elementary and Middle School: A Cognitive and Cultural Approach offers pre-service and in-service elementary and middle school teachers of science practical strategies for the classroom as well as a better understanding of the role of science in our day-to-day lives and culture. Key FeaturesPrepares teachers with 100 key experiments that teach core, standards-based science concepts within a methods instruction modelProvides an introduction to the historical, social, cultural, and linguistic construction of science in American culture-in particular, how it functions as a human endeavorEmphasizes the idea that science is connected to the world around us through reflection case studiesStresses the development of the basic principles underlying scientific methods of thought and inquiryIntegrates standards in other content areas through Theory Into Practice boxes.Accompanied by High-Quality Ancillaries!Instructor's Resources CD: Available by contacting SAGE, this CD offers PowerPoint lecture slides, a teaching guide for the science standards-based lesson plan project, video clips of select experiments, Theory Into Practice resources, Reflections on Science assignments, Web resources, and a test bank.Student Resource CD: Bound into the back of the text, this CD provides students with video clips to illustrate select experiments from the text, as well as other key science concepts. A guide accompanies the video clips to assist student learning.Web-Based Student Study Site, http://www.sagepub.com/buxtonstudy: This site provides a variety of additional resources that will enhance students understanding of the book content and take their learning one step further.	2007-02-26	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803965133	Research on the education of our nation's teachers	David M. Byrd&D. John McIntyre		Focusing on the education of teachers in the United States, this volume addresses the areas of context, process, curriculum and communication.	1997	Corwin Press, Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780761909743	Teaching large classes,tools and strategies	Elisa Lynn Carbone		You have finished your Ph.D. and landed your first academic job. Scanning the fine print, you realize the introductory class you have been assigned to teach is being held in an auditorium. A really big auditorium. Panic begins to set in. . . . In this handy and practical book, Elisa Carbone offers a wealth of sound advice on how to deal with a large class, from the first day to end-of-semester evaluations. Full of examples taken from many different disciplines, Teaching Large Classes will be an ideal companion for any teacher facing the challenge of the large introductory class.	1998-05-27	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761945895	Weaving science inquiry and continuous assessment,using formative assessment to improve learning	Maura O'Brien Carlson&Gregg E. Humphrey&Karen Reinhardt		"The authors provide a rationale and practical tools for weaving continuous assessment and instruction in science into the fabric of learning. Teachers who use the methods in the book will know what and how students are learning every day and gain insights into how to best facilitate learning in their classrooms." a??From the Foreword by Susan Mundry Experience the delight and professional growth that comes from engaging deeply with your students! By combining science inquiry and continuous assessment, you will not only catalyze meaningful changes in your students' thinking and learning but also reflect on and enhance your own approach to teaching. Inquiry science is a standards-based teaching method whereby students ask questions and find answers for themselves using scientific methods under the guidance of a teacher. Continuous assessment is a purposeful approach to listening and observing students and using that information to understand a student's thinking and skills. Formulating strategies and plans to support each student's intellectual growth is the next step in this circular process. Weaving Science Inquiry & Continuous Assessment explores the nature of continuous assessment in the context of science inquiry, and contains specific tools and techniques, along with stories and strategies in teachers' own words. Chapters cover the following subjects that reflect the latest information and most current teaching environment: The essence of continuous assessment The context for continuous assessment Techniques and tools for facilitating inquiry and collecting student data Analyzing and using continuous assessment data Challenges, realities, and advice Continuous assessment and professional growth By engaging in this process of inquiry and continuous assessment, both students and teachers will benefit from this fresh approach to learning, thinking, and assessment.	2003-04	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761904434	"Color-blind" racism	Leslie G. Carr		Many of the vestiges of the Civil Rights movement, including initiatives such as affirmative action, are increasingly under attack by those who assert that the Constitution is explicitly "color-blind." In this argument, the government is not legally permitted to take race into account in a "color conscious" manner. More than 30 years have passed since the landmark Civil Rights Acts became the law of the land. Yet, one of three African American men between the ages of 18 and 27 is in the hands of the criminal justice system, churches are burning in the South, and right-wing militia groups are flourishing. In this provocative and timely book, Leslie G. Carr suggests that the Constitution can be read as "racist," and that the concept of "color-blindness" is in fact the latest in a series of racist ideologies that have been part of the American fabric. "Color-Blind" Racism provides a thorough historical grounding in racist ideologies in the United States, and will be of great interest to anyone teaching or studying race relations, public policy, urban studies, and race and politics.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788170366355	Speaking Out : Women'S Economic Empowerment In South Asia	Carr&Chen&Jhabvala			1997-06-01	Vistaar Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412902106	Counselling supervision,theory, skills and practice	Michael Carroll			2004	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781853960598	Systems, Management and Change,A Graphic Guide	Ruth Carter&Bill Mayblin		This introduction to organizational analysis and change is written in a lively, pictorial and concise style. It starts from the belief that one cannot act responsibly without a rounded understanding of both the context and the likely implications of one's actions. The book conveys the essentials of practical systems work in organizational settings and integrates graphics and text throughout.	1984-01-28	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803938243	Land use planning,the ballot box revolution	Roger W. Caves		There is a growing trend in Europe and the United States towards local use of the referendum to decide land use matters. Local communities are taking a more active role in planning the building programmes around them. Using examples from the United States this book includes an analysis and overview of direct democracy, the increasing use of ballot box planning to settle land use issues, legal considerations of ballot box planning and the future of this type of urban management.	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788170369752	Building Democracy In South Asia : India, Nepal, Pakistan	Maya Chadda			2000-08-24	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761932000	Listening to culture,constructing reality from everyday talk	Nandita Chaudhary		Listening to Culture presents everyday cultural activity in Indian family and community life in order to demonstrate why and how such activity must be encompassed in the study of individuals and collectives. The author explores the rich world of everyday talkin families, with children, between friends, at the work placeand shows the significance of this domain of social activity for an understanding of culture.	2004-04-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9788178294087	The Underdevelopment Of Development : Essays In Honor Of Andre Gunder Frank	Chew			2004-04-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788170368298	Democracy without associations,transformation of the party system and social cleavages in India	Pradeep K. Chhibber		Pradeep Chhibber's study brings together a mass of statistical data to support, contest or modulate many hypotheses confounding students of Indian politics. In addition, he has an interesting storyline... Chhibber's discussion of our developmental state and the declining fortunes of the Congress make for fascinating reading. - SEMINAR	1999	Vistaar						ZZZ000000
9781853962882	Small firms,partnerships for growth	Francis Chittenden&Martyn Robertson&Ian Marshall&Institute for Small Business Affairs		This book presents thorough research on a range of topics associated with the SME sector, many of which have direct relevance to the present public policy debate. The content will be of interest to those concerned with the study of the small firms sector and the formulation and delivery of policy initiatives at national and regional level.	1995	P. Chapman Pub.						ZZZ000000
9781853962493	Small firms,recession and recovery	Francis Chittenden&Martyn Robertson&David Watkins		Small Firms: Recession and Recovery contains some of the key research findings from at the 15th National Small Firms' Policy and Research Conference in 1992.  During the recession, between one quarter and one third of SMEs have continued to grow. Meanwhile increases in technology and productivity make it unlikely that major corporations will become a source of new employment for the foreseeable future. As a result, SMEs continue to be of particular interest to those interested in the economic and social well-being of society.  The chapters in this book are thoughtful analyses of the role and position of SMEs in the UK and will appeal to all those involved in the formulation and delivery of small business policy at both a national and a regional level.	1994-01-28	Published on behalf of the Institute for Small Business Affairs by Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9788178290621	Colonial India and the making of empire cinema,image, ideology, and identity	Prem Chowdhry		This book is an empirico-historical enquiry into the empire cinema made in Hollywood and Britain during the turbulent 1930s and 1940s. It shows how empire cinema constructed the colonial world, its rationale for doing so, and the manner in which such constructions were received by the colonised people.	2001	Vistaar Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803987869	Human resource management and technical change	Jon Clark&Jon Clark (Ph. D.)		What role do human resource managers play in the processes of technical change in organizations? What opportunities or constraints are presented by different dimensions of technical change? How does technical change affect such issues as job design, supervision, total quality management, team-working, increased flexibility, skills training and employee involvement? In addressing these central themes and debates, this book provides a systematic analysis of the relations between technical change and human resource management (HRM).The contributors draw on research and case studies to clearly demonstrate that effective technical change in organizations is integrally related to effective HRM - as much by general and line manag	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803938014	Urban innovation,creative strategies for turbulent times	Terry N. Clark		"The book provides a wealth of statistically-based evidence to substantiate or repudiate important arguments and assumptions central to the radical changes that are occurring in cities and municipal government." --Max Barlow in Journal of Economic and Social Geography More and more often, city governments operate under turbulent conditions: severe cutbacks in grants from national governments, drop in voter turnouts, taxpayer revolts, and a population of dissatisfied citizens. Urban Innovation addresses these issues by exploring how cities can innovate in the face of such challenges. Based on survey data from the Fiscal Austerity and Innovation Project, this volume reassesses theories of political leadership and government decision making, discusses the ways that cities have made innovations over the past decade, and reviews 33 specific strategies and their results. Some of the other issues this volume addresses are race and class, the growth and decline of city governments, and the intergovernmental aid cutbacks made during the Reagan administration. The turbulence of the past two decades is critical in reshaping our way of thinking about how governments work. Urban Innovation will be useful for students, faculty, and professionals in urban studies, political science, and policy studies.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853961007	Approaching human geography,an introduction to contemporary theoretical debates	Paul J. Cloke&Chris Philo&David Sadler		This introduction to the development of new theoretical approaches to human geography sets out to explain the key features of these new approaches, and to trace their antecedents and implications. The authors also highlight points of comparison and contrast, inter-connection and dissimilarity.   An introductory chapter describes and accounts for the theoretical diversity present within twentieth-century human geography, and particular attention is paid to the transition from environmental and regional approaches to the spatial science of the 1960s. This chapter then sets the stage for the later chapters, which deal systematically with different post-1960s approaches: Marxism, humanism, realism, structuration and postmodernism. Each of these chapters deals with the chronological development of the appropriate literature, describes the key claims and arguments, and then presents a worked example to illustrate the benefits and pitfalls of an approach in practice. A concluding chapter re-integrates the diverse themes and reflects briefly on possible future theoretical developments in human geography in the 1990s.  The principal chapters of the book are framed by both a preface and an epilogue, which address questions about relativism' in approaching human geography, while also stressing the need for continued commitment and critical sensitivity in geographical enquiry. The book is written in an easily accessible style with generous expositions of key claims and arguments, and thorough cross-referencing between chapters.	1991	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803982017	Politics in transition	Allan Cochrane&James Anderson&Open University		Politics in Transition is a unique and innovative introduction to the key debates about politics and the state in the United Kingdom today. The authors draw on a wide range of disciplines - politics, sociology and economics - to highlight the issue of structural change and uneven development. The authors locate the United Kingdom firmly within the world political system but also investigate the roots of its individuality within that system. They analyse the ways in which the country is itself fragmented regionally, socially and at a local level.Politics in Transition is a course book for the Open University course, D314 Restructuring Britain.	1989	Sage Publications in association with the Open University						ZZZ000000
9781412902472	Doing action research in your own organization	David Coghlan&Teresa Brannick		`A complete and well rounded approach to the subject' - Action Learning: Research and Practice  `This book, like the first edition, is indispensable reading for students however; the second edition will also be ably support established academics who may be seeking an entry-point for action research in their own organizations' - Ontario Action Research Network  Doing Action Research in Your Own Organization - Second Edition is an essential starting point for any student or researcher about to embark on an action research project in the fields of organization studies, health studies and education studies.   David Coghlan and Teresa Brannick offer an easy-to-follow, hands-on guide to every aspect of conducting an action research project in your own organization. Doing Action Research in Your Own Organization is the perfect book for doctoral/Ph.D., MA or MBA students seeking a research topic based around their own work experiences.   Revised and updated throughout, the Second Edition contains:  - No-nonsense guidance to the basics of doing action research projects - Detailed coverage of both theory and methods in action research - Up-to-date discussions of action learning and the role of the researcher - A focus on the politics and ethics of action research - Help for students and researchers in a wide range of different types of organization - Exercises and help with writing-up your research  This book is essential reading for students and established academics alike seeking an entry-point to conducting research in their own organizations.	2005	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803964402	Sexual harassment and sexual abuse,a handbook for teachers and administrators	Audrey Cohan		What constitutes sexual harassment between staff members in schools? Between students? Between students and staff? This Handbook examines these questions in relation to adult-to-student and student-to-student interactions.   The authors define sexual harassment and abuse in schools, explain how it can be recognized and suggest ways to create and foster a healthy environment free of harassment and abuse. They also outline the best way to handle complaints and discuss policies and procedures that will be supportive to both staff and students.	1996-05-22	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803962545	Understanding how school change really happens,reform at Brookville High	Rosetta Marantz Cohen		Using a combination of participant observation and interviews with teachers, parents and students, Rosetta Marantz Cohen explores a high school's efforts in the United States to implement broad-based curricular change. The book vividly illustrates the impact of change on an often resistant institution. From her observations, Cohen draws up a series of recommendations for those considering embarking on similar site-based reform initiatives.	1995-09-13	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761951087	Existential thought and therapeutic practice,an introduction to existential psychotherapy	Hans W. Cohn		`A lucid and much-needed account of existential psychotherapy... As well as locating existential psychotherapy within a historical and philosophical context, Hans Cohn encompasses various therapeutic issues and provides some vivid and sensitive passages of case material... I found the book provided a concise and clarifying account of the underlying philosophy and of the psychotherapeutic practice... The existentialist challenge to Freud outlined in the book provides an alternative point of view to counter potentially engulfing aspects of a psychoanalytic vision. This is a stimulating book which is a valuable contribution towards dialogue between different approaches of psychotherapy' - International Journal of Psychotherapy	1997-08-11	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803982727	Regionalism, business interests, and public policy	William Donald Coleman&Henry J. Jacek		This book explores and assesses the importance of the relationship between regional protest movements and the territorial organization of business interests.Drawing on comparative research into business interest associations in nine countries in Europe and North America, the authors show that regional differentiation is an important feature of systems of business associations in all countries. This book includes case studies of countries where such movements are an important phenomenon - Spain, Switzerland, France, Belgium, Canada and the UK. It also includes contrasting studies from West Germany and the USA, where regional movements have not been a prominent feature of national political life.	1989	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761922292	Constituting cultural difference through discourse	Mary Jane Collier		Mary Jane Collier brings together essays that address issues such as how culture and discourse are related. It examines how people with varied cultural identities draw their boundaries and create distinctiveness through their communication with one another, and presents timely and relevant research on cultural difference as a contemporary social problem. The contributors to this volume represent a variety of cultural groups, and their discussions reflect a diverse array of perspectives on discourse analysis, ranging from localized, situated interpretations of group members' in-group dialogues to informed analyses of public images and texts. The content of this work demonstrates that research on discourse and culture is relevant to the dynamic global and sociocultural environment.	2001	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761903215	Scientific and technical communication,theory, practice, and policy	James H. Collier&David M. Toomey		Scientific and Technical Communication is a major textbook that represents a new focus area in communication studies. It integrates multidisciplinary perspectives on the relations among rhetoric, science, technology, and public policymaking to the process and product of technical communication. The text is inspired by science and technology studies (STS), a field emerging from the history, sociology, and philosophy of science and technology--which also has roots in economics, political theory, and rhetoric. Reformulating the issues raised by STS within the context of technical communication, Scientific and Technical Communication is composed of three highly integrated parts. Part I provides a summary, critique, and alternative to recent theoretical perspectives developed in the rhetoric of science and the sociology of scientific knowledge. Part II applies these critical alternatives to the traditional practices of scientific and technical communication and shows how these new practices can be applied to the communication that is vital in forming national and local science and technology policy.  This hands-on, introductory textbook will supply students and professionals in the areas of scientific and technical communication, rhetoric, and media studies with broad-based and applicable knowledge in this area.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781873942543	Because I'm Special,A Take-Home Programme to Enhance Self-Esteem in Children Aged 6-9	Margaret Collins&Phillippa Drakeford		Following the success of Margarets book Because We're Worth It, she has developed a series of activity sheets for children to start work on in school and to complete at home with parent/ca/carer support. Not only do the activities involve the adult but they also emphasise the importance of families as promoters of self-esteem.  There are 10 sets of take home sheets covering:  " self identity " self-worth " body language " intercommunication " friendship " feelings " being confident " empathy and sympathy " relationships " co-operation.  There are draft letters and explanatory notes for parents. This is a book that will be extremely valuable to all staff who believe in enhancing self-esteem and in involving parents/ca/carers.  Margaret Collins is a former headteacher of an infant and first school. She is now Visiting Fellow in the School of Education at the University of Southampton. She researches children's perceptions of health education topics, writes and co-writes teaching materials for children, books and articles on personal, social, health and citizenship education (PSHCE).	2002-01-01	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9781873942598	Circling Round Citizenship,PSHE Activities for 4-8 Year-Olds to Use in Circle Time	Margaret Collins		From the author of our best-selling Circle Time for the Very Young comes another practical and exciting resource. Using the Circle Time framework Margaret has developed active ways to deliver elements of the PSHE and citizenship curriculum.  Using her ingenious format the author has presented four themes:  " personal education " health education " social education " citizenship.  Each theme has 10 topics to cover the entire school year, and at two age levels on facing pages.  This delightfully illustrated and practical book will not be left lying around in the staff-room it is a pick-up-and-use publication!  Margaret Collins is a former headteacher of an infant and first school. She is now Visiting Fellow in the School of Education at the University of Southampton. She researches children's perceptions of health education topics, writes and co-writes teaching materials for children, books and articles on personal, social, health and citizenship education (PSHCE).	2002-01-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781904315254	Circling Safely,Keeping Safe Activities for Circle Time for 4 to 8 Year Olds	Margaret Collins		Margaret Collins draws on the successful format of her best selling book, Circle Time for the Very Young to present another user-friendly publication that assists in meeting the needs of the Personal, Social and Health Education curriculum.   There are 16 sections focussing on different aspects of safety, from the journey to school, to being in the sun, to interacting with others.  Activities for younger pupils appear on the left hand pages of the book with more challenging tasks for older children on the right. This layout has proven to be very popular with teachers who are looking for ways to offer Circle Time activities differentiated for children of different ages and social competencies.  Each section includes full instructions for: " Circle Time " Draw and Talk (younger pupils) " Draw and Write (older pupils) " Two pages of developmental activities " A final page on reflect and remember.  This is a beautifully illustrated book full of brilliant activities that will engage children and promote their learning about safety.  Margaret Collins is a former headteacher of an infant and first school. She is now Visiting Fellow in the School of Education at the University of Southampton. She researches children's perceptions of health education topics, writes and co-writes teaching materials for children, books and articles on personal, social, health and citizenship education (PSHCE).	2004-03-19	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803962286	Reaching students,teachers' ways of knowing	Vivienne Collinson		How do exemplary teachers `reach' students, and how do they know when they have? How can other teachers develop the skills and awareness necessary to become exemplary teachers? Vivienne Collinson addresses these questions and provides detailed information on successful practical strategies. She also illustrates the influence of teachers' beliefs on how they structure the physical, intellectual and social culture of their classrooms. The book links theory and classroom practice to increase understanding of the role of intrapersonal and interpersonal knowledge and skills in teaching and learning.	1996-03-28	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803949607	Infant Cognition,Predicting Later Intellectual Functioning	John Colombo		The historical and procedural contexts of four measures of infant attention and learning - measures that have proved the most promising in predicting later childhood intellectual performance - are explored in this volume.Incorporating the latest research literature on individual differences in the preverbal infant, the author examines the psychometric properties for the measures, their concurrent relations with other measures of early cognition and development, and evidence of their predictive ability.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761904311	Women's encounters with violence,Australian experiences	Sandy Cook&Judith Bessant		While research findings in this volume take an Australian perspective, they extend beyond national boundaries and are pertinent to readers in all societies.Contributors explore violence against women with disabilities, homeless women and lesbians in addition to culture-specific topics, such as injustices suffered by Australian Aboriginal women. The editors introduce the book with an overview of violence in Australian history, examining how culturally embedded laws and customs have aided the oppression of women. They stress that those involved in strategies for prevention should bear in mind political and social policies that may impede progress.	1997-07-22	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761904328	Women's encounters with violence,Australian experiences	Sandy Cook&Judith Bessant		The issue of violence against women in countries around the world continues to receive increasing public, media, political, and scholarly attention. While research findings in Womens Encounters of Violence in Australia are framed within a specific perspective, they extend beyond national boundaries to provide a critical analysis needed to change political and social policies worldwide. Editors Sandy Cook and Judith Bessant introduce the history of violence in Australia and examine how culturally embedded laws and customs have acted like locks on womens oppression. In addition to culture-specific topics such as the injustices suffered by Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women, the contributors also explore issues that cross cultural boundaries, including violence against women with disabilities, homeless women, and lesbians. Promoting a crucial international context to this pervasive problem, Womens Encounters of Violence in Australia proves an excellent supplemental text for students as well as an accessible and timely resource for a broad range of professionals in counseling, social work, health care, and law and faculty in sociology, public policy, and womens studies.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781873942390	Farewell and Welcome,A Neat Finish and a Good Start	Ann Cossavella&Charmian Hobbs		This pack is designed to offer a flexible resource to support teachers in enabling children to cope effectively with transition to secondary school.   Planned and positive induction is effective in ensuring that the progress children have made in one educational setting is sustained through a period of change.  The pack provides teacher notes and a variety of activities and photocopiable worksheets. It offers a resource for enabling not only pupils but also schools, teachers and parents, to deal with change successfully.   The pack considers the psychological aspects of change and through practical activities, helps the emotional robustness of children at a time of predictable change.  This pack will help children gain the coping skills to put this change into a new perspective.	2002-01-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803963092	Envisioning process as content,toward a renaissance curriculum	Arthur L. Costa&Rosemarie M. Liebmann		The contributors present a strong case for teaching the learning process--which evidence shows can be more effective than the teaching of specific disciplines.	1997	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761900429	Experimental syntax,applying objective methods to sentence judgements	Wayne Cowart		This book provides a concise yet thorough introduction to methods that linguists can use to study patterns of sentence acceptability in speech. Experimental Syntax shows how to design, execute and analyze an appropriate survey experiment for a well-formed question about a matter of fact relative to sentence acceptability. The book also examines variability and demonstrates a method by which an investigator can make principled decisions as to whether two or more informants who use atypical dialects are using the same atypical dialect.	1997-01-23	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178296906	International Social Work : Issues, Strategies, And Programs	David Cox&Manohar Pawar		Rising global poverty, widespread conflict and post-conflict reconstruction, and the large population of displaced persons these are a few global situations that are adversely affecting the well-being of millions of people. This book draws together the practice wisdom emerging within the broad scope of international social work practice. Using an integrated perspectives approach, which incorporates global, human rights, ecological, and social development perspectives, the authors prepare readers to actively respond to modern global challenges that are critical to the well-being of people, communities, nations, and ultimately all of us.This special South Asian edition has been published with a new preface and an appendix that contains sources of excellent case studies drawn from across the South Asian sub-region.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803954908	Exploring collaborative research in primary care	Benjamin F. Crabtree		The contributors to this book suggest that the failure of much primary care research is due to specialization and the fact that this in turn results in an emphasis on individual problems or illnesses and a reliance on technology. From this premise, they build an impressive case for multimethod research, moving beyond the perspective of any one discipline.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803958487	Terror and everyday life,singular moments in the history of the horror film	Jonathan Lake Crane		How does the horror in film relate to the horror we experience in everyday life? This is one of the questions addressed in this examination of the genre of horror film. The author argues that horror films today have broken with the tradition of the genre to embrace far more violent imagery, images that are in keeping with the escalating violence in society. By examining the horror film, its history and its current trends, the author hopes to further our understanding of the meaning of the genre in today's culture and our fascination with violence.	1994-09-26	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412940535	Differentiation for the Adolescent Learner,Accommodating Brain Development, Language, Literacy, and Special Needs	Glenda Beamon Crawford		Activate learning in all adolescents-including ELLs and advanced learners-with these practical, developmentally appropriate techniques based on brain research, technology, and a six-point differentiation model.	2008-05	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761942146	Essential social psychology	Richard J. Crisp&Rhiannon N. Turner		Essential Social Psychology introduces students to the core theories, approaches, and findings that are the necessary foundations for developing an understanding of social psychology. The text focuses specifically on theory and basic level empirical demonstrations of the key phenomena, to ensure that the key concepts are as accessible as possible. The aim is to be informative without swamping students with too much information. Key Features: Each chapter provides an overview of an important topic in social psychology, complete with tables, graphs, and illustrations that communicate the key findings and concepts. Each chapter also comes with text boxes that provide in-depth information about classic and contemporary studies, and interesting real-life applications of theory and research. Essential key terms and definitions that students need to know are highlighted and explained throughout. Each chapter is also accompanied by a corresponding mental map' to demonstrate the interconnections between the different aspects of each topic. Each chapter ends with a summary, suggested further readings, and example essay questions. The textbook also comes with a Companion Website delivering a range of lecturer and student-friendly features. The url for this website is: www.sagepub.co.uk/crispandturnerAimed at students taking social psychology for the first time, this textbook will make studying social psychology enjoyable and memorable.	2007-02-16	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803965454	Finding one's way,how mentoring can lead to dynamic leadership	Gary Monroe Crow&L. Joseph Matthews		Learn how to set up a mentoring program for your district or school that can help administrators be more effective at each stage of their career.	1998	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761907770	The relativity of deviance	John Curra		Exploring the meanings of social deviance and the public reaction to it, this clear and cogent book shows that what qualifies as deviance varies according to place, time and situation. The author demonstrates that deviance cannot be explained in terms of absolutes, nor can it be understood apart from its setting.	2000	Sage Publications, Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780761910657	Universities and globalization,critical perspectives	Jan Currie&Janice Angela Newson		In this volume, the contributors consider globalization as combining a market ideology with a corresponding material set of practices drawn from the world of business. Issues of managerialism, privatization and accountability - central values in business - have become central for universities and their administrators as well. The selections in the book help to illustrate the editors' contentions that globalization presents clear disadvantages as well as benefits, and that its effect on higher education is neither likely to be uniform nor the outcomes inevitable.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803942691	Transmission,toward a post-television culture	Peter D'Agostino&David Tafler		The essays in this volume investigate the impact of all media, including the emerging technologies, on the social, cultural, economic and political climate in the context of aesthetic values, and issues of gender, race and class. Transmission examines the array of forces moving the contemporary video landscape forward, comparing the past with the present as well as the future as it looks at the impact of video on commercial television, the relationship of media to the social causes it (mis)represents and the effects of new communication tools on participating constituents.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761929147	Applying communication theory for professional life,a practical introduction	Marianne Dainton&Elaine D. Zelley		Applying Communication Theory for Professional Life: A Practical Introduction is the first communication theory textbook to provide practical material for career-oriented students. The inclusion and analysis of real-world case studies illustrate the application of theory in a variety of professional settings. Whereas other communication theory texts have a more academic focus on theory or research methods, this book is specifically designed to introduce communication theory in a tangible way. The featured theories are those that have strong pragmatic value and clear applicability to communication and business practitioners.	2005	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803988941	Counselling people with communication problems	Peggy Dalton		This step-by-step guide is for those working with people who experience disorders of speech, language, voice and fluency. The author evaluates the forms of counselling that are currently practised alongside direct treatment of the disorders themselves, and argues for greater training opportunities and a wider provision of counselling in this field.  Peggy Dalton also explores the effects of communication problems on the person's sense of self, relationships and perceptions of the world. She stresses the need for a greater understanding of the experiences of people whose lives may be severely limited by their communication problems and shows how important it is to find ways of discovering the personal meaning of experience wh	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761992981	Social change through voluntary action	Mohanlal Lalloobhai Dantwala&Harsh Sethi&Pravin M. Visaria			1998-09-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761942443	A Practical Guide for New School Leaders	John C. Daresh&Trevor Arrowsmith		`An inspiring resource for Headteachers, deputy Headteachers and any primary teacher who desires a leadership rile. All teachers who want to lead, or want to make themselves aware of problems faced by leaders, will not only find this book useful and informative but will learn a lot from it too' - Junior Education  `This book is full of so many practical ides that new heads will surely be enthused to try something new and put energy into their new role, especially as this is supported by an outstanding detailed analysis of the frequent problems that those new to headship will face, enhanced by interesting and well-chose case studies.  I am sure that this is one of books whose reputation will grow by word of mouth by those who have used it, to their colleagues. It deserves to be, and I am sure will be come a classic' - The International Journal of Educational Management  `A Practical Guide to New School Leaders will be appreciated by those taking up new posts as head or deputy and should be part of their personal collections' - Tim Brighouse, Times Educational Supplement  `In summary, this book makes an excellent contribution to the current debate on Leadership from a practical point of view. It provides an important resource for many aspects of leadership development programmes at a variety of levels. As a resource for both the newly appointed headteacher and those involved in their training it contributes to ensuring that the new headteacher will become a reflective thinker in terms of his/her early career as school leader. The book offers concrete strategies, case studies and checklists to help the new school leader to develop an individual action plan in order to survive and thrive' - Stephen Merrill, Edge Hill College of Higher Education, Journal In-Service Education  New head teachers need help as they walk the tightrope between surviving the first years in the job and becoming strong and effective instructional leaders. John C Daresh and Trevor Arrowsmith offer concrete strategies, case studies and a personal leadership checklist to help the new school leader develop an individual plan to thrive and survive.  Key features include: Real-life concerns facing new school leaders; technical and managerial skills to survive socializing to the role of a leader; strong leadership through self-awareness; the road to school leadership - making the most of being an assistant or deputy; developing personal portfolios and action plans. The book also provides answers to questions that concern new school leaders.  This is a practical and essential resource for head teachers, deputy head teachers and all those aspiring towards a leadership role in schools.   John C Daresh is currently professor of educational leadership at the University of Texas at El Paso. He has served as a consultant for universities and departments of education across the USA, Europe, Asia and Africa.   Trevor Arrowsmith has been Principal of a Specialist Secondary School Language College in Northampton for 8 years. He is also LPSH national trainer and an External Advisor on heads performance management.	2003-07-18	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781853964190	Researching early childhood education,European perspectives	Tricia David		'Provides a useful overview of developments in early childhood education research in the countries included and interesting comparative data for further study and analysis. It should prove a useful resource book for the growing number of early childhood professionals and practitioners identified in the book, who are contributing to or have the potential to contribute to research in this field'- International Journal of Early Years Education Providing an overview of early childhood education research, the contributors to to this book provide information on: who undertakes research; where findings are published; their impact on the field; levels of research funding; and links between researchers. The book highlights the main research agendas of the respective countries, and includes a special chapter on the strengths, weaknesses and future of comparative research in education. This book is written by leading representatives of the field of early childhood education and research in eight European Countries - Denmark, France, Greece, Ireland, Poland, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdon. It builds on the earlier publication edited by Tricia David, Educational Provision for Our Youngest Children: European Perspectives, which provided information about early childhood education systems and their histories in different countries.	1998	Paul Chapman Publishing Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781853964404	Young children learning	Tricia David		`I particularly enjoyed Judith Roden's chapter "Young Children Are Natural Scientists" especially her thoughts on children's drawings, which puncture some popular assumptions' - Times Educational Supplement, Friday Magazine  `Tricia David, an internationally recognised expert in early years eductaion, has brought together 11 tutors from Christ Church College Canterbury to "encourage debate and disagreement"....It has..some absorbing and helpful contributions which both bring forward the debate in early years education and also may cause readers to reappraise their own practice, possibly as a result of disagreeing with one or other contributers' - International Journal of Early Years Education	1999	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9788178298610	The sociology of religion	Grace Davie			2008	SAGE Publications India Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780761953623	Embodied practices,feminist perspectives on the body	Kathy Davis		This book focuses on the significance of the body in contemporary feminist scholarship. In recent years, the body has become a `hot item' in both contemporary social theory and research. This renewed interest has received a mixed reaction from feminists. While the body may be back, the `new' body theory often proves to be just as disembodied as it ever was. The body revival seems to be less an attempt to re-embody masculinist science than just another expression of the same condition which evoked the feminist critique in the first place: a flight from femininity and everything that is associated with it in western culture.   Embodied Practices offers a critical appraisal of the recent `body revival', drawing upon insi	1997-09-15	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803971134	Fighting back,neighborhood antidrug strategies	Robert Carl Davis&Arthur J. Lurigio		Despite strenuous governmental efforts over the past decade, illicit drug use continues to pose a serious challenge to society and, in particular, inner city communities in the United States.Fighting Back describes the strategies employed by law enforcement agencies and community groups working in partnership to prevent and discourage drug dealing. Offering informed and positive observations, the book includes: a detailed discussion of both theoretical and programmatic issues; the latest empirical research incorporating newly published investigations; and case studies.	1996-04-10	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761936350	Militarizing Sri Lanka,Popular Culture, Memory and Narrative in the Armed Conflict	Neloufer De Mel		"Neloufer de Mel's Militarizing Sri Lanka radically advances our understanding of the cultural consequences of violence. This tour de force should be read by all who want to understand the subtle effects of political violence on all aspects of culture, not only in Sri Lanka but elsewhere too."-Elisabeth Jean Wood, Professor of Political Science, Yale UniversityMilitarizing Sri Lanka is a study of the militarization that has buttressed the war between the Sri Lankan state and the LTTE for over two decades. It highlights militarization as a process through which the ideology of militarism is shaped and shared in a manner that makes militant solutions to conflict a part of institutional structures and ways of thought. It foregrounds militarization as activity and agency, capable of adaptation and transforming society in significant ways; and as a deeply gendered, contingent and shifting process. It also analyzes both the construction and resistance to militarization and militarism, but in a manner that draws attention to their relationality rather than as self-evidently oppositional categories.Through case studies of military advertising, disabled soldiers, children in the conflict zones, the LTTE femail suicide bomber, censorship, the archive and feminist work, Militarizing Sri Lanka also foregrounds the crucial role of popular culture, memory and narrative in how attitudes to militarism, war and peace are mediated.Key Features Draws on cultural, feminist, communication, psychosocial, anthropological, film, theatre, and political economy studiesHighlights how the ideology of militarism is shaped and shared in a manner that makes militant solutions to conflict a part of institutional structures and ways of thoughtShows how militarization works through the popular media, advertising, theatre, film, literature, and memorializationUses case studies of military advertising, disabled soldiers, children in the conflict zones, the LTTE female suicide bomber, censorship, and archivingIllustrates how militarization represents war and martial virtue as valour, heroism and masculine pride, and categorizes their opposites as cowardice, treason, and feminizationIntended Audience: This book is a valuable resource for social and political scientists and activists, and all those wanting an insight into militarization in the Sri Lankan context from the late 1980s to 2006.	2007-10-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803989535	Global social policy,international organizations and the future of welfare	Bob Deacon&Michelle Hulse&Paul Stubbs		Global Social Policy looks at the impact of the globalization process on social policy. National social policy is increasingly determined by global economic competition and international organizations. Its substance is becoming more transnational and now has to be understood in terms of global social redistribution, social regulation, social provision, and empowerment. This book examines trends in global inequity and summarizes the diverse experiences of different welfare regimes across the world. The authors review the social policies of international organizations such as the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, UN agencies, and the European Union, and show them to be engaged in heated controversy regarding the future for welfare. They argue that this concealed global discourse needs to be brought into an accountable arena. Global Social Policy will be invaluable reading for students and academics in social policy, international relations, political science, and development studies.	1997	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803976177	Feminism and the new democracy,re-siting the political	Jodi Dean		Feminism and the New Democracy responds to and moves beyond recent debates about the relationship between feminism and politics to offer a vision for the future of feminist theory. Leading figures have combined to offer a broad framework through which to articulate the "new democracy"one that transgresses the traditional oppositions of equality and difference, sex and gender, and essential and constructed, to view the political as complex, layered, and relational. This volume offers a multifaceted backdrop of theory and analysis against which new debate may flourish. The individual chapters address questions around gender, ethnicity, culture, and sexual orientation, always embracing the multiple terrains and spaces producing and produced by politics. It will be invaluable for students and academics in feminist and critical social theory, womens studies, gender and cultural studies, philosophy, and politics.	1997	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803987517	Population health research,linking theory and methods	Kathryn Dean		This book is a comprehensive introduction to the methodological basis of population health research, and a critical assessment of theoretical issues affecting the quality of research on health and behaviour.  Research into the many factors that shape human health or illness, has traditionally emphasized experimental design and the statistical effects of specific factors. While due attention is paid to such methods, the contributors emphasize the importance of theory-guided, multi-method approaches for research into the complex forces affecting health, health-related behaviour and the effectiveness of health services. Throughout, the value of analytical models of population health is related to their utility in informing and	1993-11-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761952626	The mistreatment of elderly people	Peter Decalmer&Frank Glendenning		A review of the First Edition... 'Read it in medicine, nursing, social work and all health-care settings. It informs and illustrates by case examples, and the interface with the law, social work, nursing and general practice are usefully highlighted. It looks to the future' - The Lancet This completely revised and extended edition of The Mistreatment of Elderly People presents a comprehensive overview of research and theoretical explanations of elder abuse, as well as practical guidance for practitioners in the field. The new edition updates themes covered in the First Edition including: the clinical implications of abuse; sociological perspectives; issues for social workers, nurses, clinicians and general practitioners; legal implications; and prevention models. In addition, new research findings and further topics have been included. The new edition evaluates the implications of the NHS and Community Care Act, and the application of care management systems in cases of elder abuse. It also offers suggestions for good practice for interagency working and addresses questions of social policy, family and kinship networks, gender and the public response to the plight of vulnerable elderly people. The book looks at abuse in both domestic and residential settings and includes case examples of sexual, physical, psychological and material abuse and forms of neglect.	1997-08-18	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803950504	Nonresidential parenting,new vistas in family living	Charlene E. Depner&James H. Bray		With burgeoning numbers of nonresidential parents, how can policymakers and professionals who work with families address the emotional and financial needs of children who do not live with both parents? What resources exist for developing parenting agreements between mothers and fathers who live apart? What should be done when a child refuses to visit the nonresidential parent? What effect does a parent's remarriage have on children? A distinguished roster of scholars addresses these questions by drawing from research, policy, and practice sources to identify the rich array of roles that nonresidential parents may play in the lives of their children. Taking a multidimensional approach that views the family as an entity that changes over time, they also explore such issues as variation in nonresidential parenting across ethnic groups, financial implications of parenting apart, patterns of involvement of nonresidential parents, and children's adjustment to remarriage. Included in each chapter are implications for further research and social policy. This important volume concludes with a chapter that offers new directions for multidimensional approaches to research, policy and practice. Nonresidential Parenting will make compelling reading for researchers, practitioners, and students who work with or study families. "Depner and Bray's collection is especially useful in elaborating its principal contention that a 'monolithic vision of non-residential parenting is a poor basis for policy.'....the book is a competent reflection upon research in the United States." --British Journal of Social work "Consistent with its multidisciplinary approach and its focus on research and application, the book is very readable. It is unique in the ease with which it integrates research, theory, and practice. Yet the text represents a very scholarly approach to the study of these families and related interventions. Major empirical and applied scholarship from a variety of disciplines has been drawn upon to support the book's conclusions and recommendations. This book will be an invaluable resource." --Family Relations	1993-02-04	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803959323	Social work in health care in the 21st century	Surjit Singh Dhooper		This book demonstrates how, in the rapidly evolving and often uncertain health-care industry, the role of social work will become increasingly significant. Social workers will have new opportunities to help improve the health of individuals, families and communities.Focusing on four major health-care domains - acute care, ambulatory care, illness prevention//health promotion and long-term care - the author provides social workers with current, comprehensive information about the roles they can play and the skills they need in all aspects of health care. The book reviews the past and present of each of these fields, projects their major needs in the future, and identifies how social work can help to meet those needs.	1997-01-28	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761976677	Connecting leadership to the brain	Michael Haley Dickmann&Nancy Stanford-Blair		"Finally a book that translates what we know about brain functioning into practical guidelines for leadership. Dickmann and Stanford-Blair present their substantial knowledge in a way that is both easy to understand and to apply to the practice of leadership. I recommend this book to leaders in a variety of situations." Robert J. Marzano, Educational Consultant Author of Designing a New Taxonomy of Educational Objectives Explore the journey to mindfulness with this groundbreaking work on brain-based leadership! Connecting Leadership to the Brain presents a framework aligning leadership with the ever-growing body of knowledge about neuroscience and human intelligence. This visionary guide invites school administrators, teachers, policymakers, and industry leaders to further their understanding of leadership, and fully embrace and embody the notion of becoming a mindful leader.nbsp;It advances a new leadership paradigm by translating breakthrough research about six dimensions of human intelligence into practical strategies that can be immediately applied to how leaders influence growth and achievement. The authors? unique look at leadership takes the reader through cutting-edge research, meaningful reflections, and information about the nature of intelligence. It builds upon the foundation and new developments in brain-compatible learning by advancing an exciting new application ? brain-compatible leadership. Dickmann and Stanford-Blair outline a pathway to new perceptions about leadership, helping readers to construct their own answers to challenging questions that demonstrate the connection between leadership and the brain. Innovative highlights shared in this groundbreaking book include: Comprehensive definition and description of six aspects of intelligence Strategies for obtaining, filtering, and applying emerging findings from brain research Enlightening discussion about the relationship between information, perception, and behavior Exploration into the four components of mindful leadership and its far-reaching benefits Exercises for proactive reflection About the Authors Michael H. Dickmann and Nancy Stanford-Blair are Associate Professors at Cardinal Stritch University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. In addition to teaching and advising research in masters and doctoral level studies of leadership, they are also international consultants and presenters on leadership, they are also international consultants and presenters on leadership, learning, and organizational planning and development for educators, businesses, and service organizations.	2001	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761976684	Connecting leadership to the brain	Michael Haley Dickmann&Nancy Stanford-Blair		"Finally a book that translates what we know about brain functioning into practical guidelines for leadership. Dickmann and Stanford-Blair present their substantial knowledge in a way that is both easy to understand and to apply to the practice of leadership. I recommend this book to leaders in a variety of situations." Robert J. Marzano, Educational Consultant Author of Designing a New Taxonomy of Educational Objectives Explore the journey to mindfulness with this groundbreaking work on brain-based leadership! Connecting Leadership to the Brain presents a framework aligning leadership with the ever-growing body of knowledge about neuroscience and human intelligence. This visionary guide invites school administrators, teachers, policymakers, and industry leaders to further their understanding of leadership, and fully embrace and embody the notion of becoming a mindful leader.nbsp;It advances a new leadership paradigm by translating breakthrough research about six dimensions of human intelligence into practical strategies that can be immediately applied to how leaders influence growth and achievement. The authors? unique look at leadership takes the reader through cutting-edge research, meaningful reflections, and information about the nature of intelligence. It builds upon the foundation and new developments in brain-compatible learning by advancing an exciting new application ? brain-compatible leadership. Dickmann and Stanford-Blair outline a pathway to new perceptions about leadership, helping readers to construct their own answers to challenging questions that demonstrate the connection between leadership and the brain. Innovative highlights shared in this groundbreaking book include: Comprehensive definition and description of six aspects of intelligence Strategies for obtaining, filtering, and applying emerging findings from brain research Enlightening discussion about the relationship between information, perception, and behavior Exploration into the four components of mindful leadership and its far-reaching benefits Exercises for proactive reflection About the Authors Michael H. Dickmann and Nancy Stanford-Blair are Associate Professors at Cardinal Stritch University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. In addition to teaching and advising research in masters and doctoral level studies of leadership, they are also international consultants and presenters on leadership, they are also international consultants and presenters on leadership, learning, and organizational planning and development for educators, businesses, and service organizations.	2001-11-12	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803926035	The metropolis era	Mattei Dogan&John D. Kasarda			1988	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803937901	The Metropolis era	Mattei Dogan&John D. Kasarda			1989	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803929920	Families and health	William Joseph Doherty&Thomas Lothrop Campbell		Families and Health is the first textbook to present an overview of the research on the relationship between families and health, placing an emphasis on common family patterns related to health and illness and interactions between families and the health care system. The volume includes discussions of family experiences with health promotion and risk reduction, vulnerability and illness onset, illness appraisal, acute response and adaptation to illness. Separate chapters address each of these situations in relation to such areas as cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes, and bereavement.	1988-04	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412906906	Young children's personal, social and emotional development	Marion Dowling		' The no-nonsense style is direct but encouraging for those practitioners with perhaps little time for professional development yet still wanting to keep abreast of current thought and good practice'-Early Years `This author has updated and revised what was already and informative and useful book. A wide range of practitioners will find support here to understand and create good practice for children in PSED. A valuable book that will certainly go on my reading list' - Nursery World `As in the first edition of this important book, Marion Dowling takes up all the main issues confronting those who work with young children in a wide variety of settings. The explanations, case studies and suggestions provide an invaluable resource for all of us who aim to build solid foundations right from the start' - from the foreword by Lillian Katz, Professor of Early Childhood Education, University of Illinois `Marion Dowling's comprehensive and insightful book shows exactly why personal, social and emotional development must be at the heart of any early years curriculum... it will prove an invaluable guide for practitioners and providers striving to put children's needs at the centre of their work' - Liz Roberts, Editor of Nursery World Magazine `This book is an excellent source of material for existing practitioners, tutors and those embarking on working with young children in whatever capacity' - Dr Jan Savage, Joint Co-ordinator of Early Childhood Studies, University of Plymouth `Those who know the quality of Marion Dowling's work will not be disappointed... As always her deep understanding of, and sensitivity to, the needs of very young children shines through her work'- Lesley Staggs, National Director, Foundation Stage, Primary National Strategy Young children's personal, social and emotional development is an area of ever-increasing interest to those working in the field of early childhood. The growing awareness of this field of research and training has been boosted by the introduction of a major new government initiative, the Local Authority Sure Start Strategic Plans 2004-2006. This Second Edition revises and expands Marion Dowling's highly acclaimed and influential guide to the subject. It includes an expanded chapter on children's spiritual development, and two new chapters on young children's behaviour and the use of the outdoors as an educational resource. Written in an accessible style and including revealing new case studies, this book is essential reading for students and practitioners. Marion Dowling has extensive and varied experience in the Early Years sector. Recently she has focused on training and consultancy in the UK, Europe and the Pacific Rim.	2005-05-24	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9781412906913	Young children's personal, social and emotional development	Marion Dowling		Young children's personal, social, and emotional development is an area of ever-increasing interest to the educational community. This second edition of Marion Dowling's highly acclaimed and influential guide to the subject includes an expanded chapter on children's spiritual development and two new chapters on young children's behavior and the use of the outdoors as an educational resource for young children.   With sections devoted to each of the key areas including Social Skills, Emotional Development, and Living in the Wider World, this book is written in an accessible style and includes some revealing new case studies.   This book is the definitive read on personal, social and emotional education for students and practitioners.	2005-05-24	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781904315445	The Bubblegum Guy,How To Deal With How You Feel	Joost Drost		`the book is well set out and the activities are easily accessible. It is a practical resource that can provide the basis for whole class or individual work on managing anger and improving self-control. I am sure it will prove to be a useful addition to the growing library of resources around the area of emotional development' - Special!  `This is an excellent book, which would allow a parent, carer or teacher to work through a series of exercises designed to help children learn to control their anger. Exercises could be taken out and used individually, alongside other interventions if required. The book is nicely structured, with a story used to frame each of the different stages of skill development. The authors have provided good explanations for adults reading the book about each exercise, and working as a parentrer or a teacher is differentiated to enable easier use. Although aimed mostly at children under 12, some of the exercises might be adapted successfully for young people above this age' - Youth in Mind  `This is a valuable resource (with much copiable material) founded on the need for each young person, and those supporting them, to concentrate on individual personal needs. The book is full of respect, insight, patience and realistic optimism' - TES Extra, Special Needs  `These street-wise, cool kids enjoyed reading the story. They wanted to go straight through the story first (this surprised me). They wanted to keep the work and activities very private... they really seemed to need quiet reflection time' - a teacher who trialled the materials with a group on anger management  Based on work done in a school in Essex, a heart-warming story that young people will associate with and reflect on. Bubble Gum Guy can't control his temper. When his feelings become too strong he covers all those around him with sticky yuck. This engaging story follows Guy on his journey of discovery to find ways of controlling his emotions. There are complete notes for school or home use and each part of the story is accompanied by a variety of interesting activities and worksheets.  This book helps young people to:  - learn to control their emotions - express themselves in acceptable ways - feel better about themselves - lead happier lives  The story, illustrations, worksheets and activities can be printed in colour from the accompanying CD-ROM. This book is suitable for class, small group or individual work with children aged nine to 13, and is also suitable for parents to use with their children.	2006-03-23	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803943018	Innovations in rational-emotive therapy	Windy Dryden&Larry K. Hill		Treating adult children of alcoholics, clients suffering from chronic pain, sudden infant death syndrome, pathological gambling, fear of flying and performance anxiety are among the topics explored in this volume, which presents new findings in the field of rational-emotive therapy (RET).  Albert Ellis, the pioneer of RET, provides an up-to-date overview of the fundamentals of RET in the opening chapter. Contributors then each describe the clinical problem of a specific population, and present both a rational-emotive conceptualization of the problem and a treatment strategy.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803988583	Questions and answers on counselling in action	Windy Dryden		`The kind of book where any time you open it, you're likely to find something of current interest that relates to your practice and to issues you've been thinking about... If we regard the questions and answers as serving to stimulate thought and discussion... then the collection serves a useful purpose indeed' - Self & Society   Does counselling have to be long-term to be helpful? Should only women counsel women? How can you evaluate counselling? Is it easy to start your own private practice?  In this highly readable book, some of Britain's leading experts offer clear answers to these and many other frequently asked questions. The resulting discussion ranges over all aspects of counsell	1993	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803953772	Social context and relationships	Steve Duck		with Graham Allan, Irwin Altman, Leslie A. Baxter, Niall Bolger, Barbara B. Brown, Joseph Ginat, Shannon Kelleher, Renate Klein, Robert M. Milardo, Catherine H. Stein, Carol M. Werner & Julia T. Wood Social Context and Relationships moves beyond exploring the personal factors involved in relationships and reveals the impact of outside forces--culture, society, values, economics, and more--on the conduct of relationships. Confronting practical realities, this compelling volume focuses on how such issues as limited opportunity, restraints on freedom, compulsions of coercive family norms, responsibilities, poverty, bigotry, gender, physical separation, and limited geographic mobility influence personal relationships. Because the contributors successfully argue for the redirection of research--from the over-application of an individual perspective to the inclusion of contextual features--students and scholars in social psychology, communication studies, family studies, sociology, and gender studies will discover much of value in this fascinating volume.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803965867	Powerful parent letters for K-3	Mary Anne Duggan		Save countless hours with more than 100 ready-made letters and other communications. Use "as is" or customize them for your particular needs. This handy collection will help you communicate more effectively with parents and enlist their support.	1997-08	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781853963865	New technology-based firms in the 1990s	Raymond P. Oakey&Ray Oakey&Wim During		This is the fourth volume in an annual series originating from the High Technology Small Firms Conference, which has been held at Manchester Business School in England since 1993. However, this volume marks a departure for the conference by reflecting a new collaboration between Manchester Business School and the University of Twente at Enschede in The Netherlands. In the future the conference will alternate between Enschede and Manchester. The papers included in this volume represent the best papers presented at the first conference to be held at the University of Twente in September 1996.The broad intention in initiating this international collaboration was to increase the number of contributions to this conference from continental Europe, and this has certainly been achieved in the current volume, with inputs from Sweden, The Netherlands, Germany, Portugal, Denmark, Finland and France, together with the usual strong United Kingdom contribution. The call for papers that engendered this fourth conference had a specific theme of entrepreneurial activity and the co-operation process, with particular concern for networking. In keeping with the goal of previous books in this series, this set of papers adds to a growing body of evolving specialist literature on high technology small firms.	1998	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803936034	Researching persons with mental illness	Rosalind J. Dworkin		"This volume is a superb resource for teaching or becoming aware of the unique theoretical and methodological issues that must be resolved before successfully researching the mentally ill. The volume abounds with relevant references to the research literature and practical advice that should facilitate the conduct of research projects oriented toward the mentally ill." --Howard B. Kaplan, Texas A&M University Can the mentally ill be interviewed? What kind of reliability can be expected in their responses? What about the ethics of informed consent? Although standard social science methodologies have been used successfully to study mental health, researching the mentally ill introduces unique theoretical and methodological issues. A first of its kind, Researching Persons with Mental Illness focuses on the study of mentally ill adults at the individual level of analysis and explores significant issues: how theories of human behavior that have been developed for a general population may have limited applicability in a population whose defining characteristic is a label of mental pathology; how symptoms are defined and measured; ways to plan and implement research to avoid methodological design problems; uses of alternative data sources, such as clinical charts; and the issues of research in multi-disciplinary settings. Designed for social scientists, this pathbreaking volume will alert researchers in ways to deal with the special problems in researching the mentally ill.	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853960345	The Lancaster House Competition Policy Inquiry	Lancaster House Competition Policy Inquiry&European Community Enterprise Research Centre		Very Good,No Highlights or Markup,all pages are intact.	1988-04-01	Paul Chapman Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780761951940	Managerial and organizational cognition,theory, methods and research	Colin Eden&J.-C. Spender		Interest in the field of managerial and organizational cognition has been intense over the last few years. This book explores and provides an in-depth overview of the latest developments in the area and presents answers to the questions accompanying its growth: Is the field distinctive? How does it extend our understanding of managerial processes?  From different disciplinary perspectives and empirical settings, the contributors study patterns of managerial cognition. In particular, the longitudinal approach reflected in the volume contributes to its impact as a grounded, practice-based analysis of cognition in organizations.	1998	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781853964091	Managing Effective Teaching of Mathematics 3-8	Suzanne Edwards		`This wonderful book contains everything you need to know to teach maths to children in the nursery and infant school. It is incredibly thorough, very well thought out and with sufficient detail to satisfy every need from a student writing an essay and planning a lesson, to classroom teachers and those on a Masters course. The style is clear, illustrations are thought- provoking and the whole structure of the book demonstrates an in-depth understanding of what Early Years classroom teachers really want to know.....This book deserves to be read by everyone in Early Years education because it is so utterly practical - yet also analytical with plenty of cross references to both research and resources. Great stuff!' - Primary Maths & Sc	1998-10-16	P.Chapman Pub.						ZZZ000000
9780803956858	Social development	Nancy Eisenberg		Social development is examined from the dual perspectives of social and developmental psychology in this volume, which offers a multi-level review of the common boundaries between the two subdisciplines.The contributors synthesize research not only from psychology but from other fields such as education, family studies and social work. In so doing, they raise cross-disciplinary questions for the benefit of investigators who are often unaware of work and ideas outside their own specializations. They further show how the different methods used by developmental and social psychologists present unique possibilities for exploring questions of mutual interest.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761911302	Therapist guide for maintaining change,relapse prevention for adult male perpetrators of child sexual abuse	Hilary Eldridge		Providing step-by-step guidelines to relapse prevention with adult male child sex abusers, this guide is based on the author's experience of piloting a unique cognitive-behavioural treatment approach in community-based, secure hospital and prison sex offender programmes. Hilary Eldridge presents the theoretical base for relapse prevention, and includes information on: the relapse process and its implications for assessment of perpetrator patterns; intervention in those patterns and maintenance of change; rationale for the exercises used in each phase; how to introduce the exercises; how to deal with client questions and resistance; and different ways of explaining the materials. The author also provides sample therapist//client dialogue.The book is designed to be used in conjunction with the three-phased programme of its companion manual, Maintaining Change. One copy of the manual is provided free of charge as a package to purchasers of the Therapist Guide for Maintaining Change. This treatment package is ideal for all who work in a professional capacity with adult male sex offenders, and provides a clear map for personal change.Maintaining ChangeA Personal Relapse Prevention ManualThis user-friendly, step-by-step personal relapse prevention manual - designed to be used in conjunction with the Therapist Guide for Maintaining Change - focuses on the notion of control and taking responsibility for one's actions rather than on 'cure'. The programme requires participants to be active in the change process, with the ultimate goal of being able to self-manage. Purchasers of Maintaining Change may photocopy individual exercises and handouts for use with their own clients or patients. Customers purchasing this two-volume set may purchase additional copies of Maintaining Change: A Personal Relapse Prevention Manual. Please write to Joyce Lynch at SAGE Publications Ltd for further details.ContentsIntroduction to the Manual \ PHASE 1 MATERIAL \ PHASE 2 MATERIAL \ Your Cycle and Your Routes to Relapse \ Preventing and Dealing with Risky Moods \ Your Personal Relapse Prevention Collection: Keeping Out//Breaking Out of Your Cycle \ PHASE 3 MATERIAL	1997-09-23	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761905028	Mediating and negotiating marital conflicts	Desmond Ellis&Noreen Stuckless		Conflicts associated with marital separation and divorce have, traditionally, been settled by lawyers through negotiations. Since 1980 in the United States, an increasing proportion of these conflicts have been settled or resolved through the process of marital-conflict mediation. Critics of mediation contend that the process fails to protect women from violent partners and that agreements neutralize the impact of gender-based power imbalances. Mediators argue that it is lawyers who are responsible for escalating conflict and that the legal process is costly and causes stressful delays in the separation process.   The authors of this volume find that these arguments are ideologically driven and rarely supported by empirical	1996-08-15	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761905035	Mediating and negotiating marital conflicts	Desmond Ellis&Noreen Stuckless		Conflicts associated with marital separation and divorce have, traditionally, been settled by lawyers through negotiations. Since 1980 in the United States, an increasing proportion of these conflicts have been settled or resolved through the process of marital-conflict mediation. Critics of mediation contend that the process fails to protect women from violent partners and that agreements neutralize the impact of gender-based power imbalances. Mediators argue that it is lawyers who are responsible for escalating conflict and that the legal process is costly and causes stressful delays in the separation process. The authors of this volume find that these arguments are ideologically driven and rarely supported by empirical	1996-08-15	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853961274	Environmental science in the primary curriculum	Jos Elstgeest&Wynne Harlen		The importance of helping children to understand the environment is now widely recognized and is well represented in The National Curriculum for Science. But what kind of `environmental education' is appropriate at the primary level?  The authors address this central question throughout this book. Science activities relating to the children's school environment are described and explained. The interaction or `encounter' of children with the environment is the pervading theme. In these `encounters' children are encouraged to find answers to their questions through scientific investigation of the objects, events or particular part of the environment being studied, either in the field or in the classroom.	1990-06-28	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761901846	Argument revisited, argument redefined,negotiating meaning in the composition classroom	Barbara Emmel&Paula Resch&Deborah Tenney		In this volume leading composition scholars consider the ways in which argumentation as an approach to teaching writing remains valuable - in spite of the challenge presented by postmodern theories.  The book first explains the traditional approaches to argument - the enthymeme, evidence, Toulmian, Rogerian and classical rhetoric - and illustrates why they are of particular relevance today. The contributors then `redefine' argument by connecting it with theoretical movements that have been adverse to it - feminism, narratology and reflexive reading. As a result, the book unites apparently conflicting approaches into a new definition of argument that emphasizes inquiry over discord and understanding over entrenched difference	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803939936	The long-term care crisis,elders trapped in the no-care zone	Carroll L. Estes&James H. Swan		This book examines the implementation of the prospective payment system (PPS) in the US for Medicare hospital reimbursement, which started in 1983.The authors discuss the impact of the PPS on health care provision and conclude that rather than improving conditions for the elderly in their transition from hospital to community and decreasing escalating health costs, the PPS has restructured the system with the result that the greater financial burden is placed on informal caregivers, community and home health care agencies and the elderly themselves.	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803963474	An Apple for the teacher,computers and work in elementary schools	Melissa Evans-Andris		Factors that influence a teacher's decision whether or not to use computer technology as an instructional tool are explored in this book. Based on her own research, Melissa Evans-Andris discusses the ways teachers use computers; identifies administrative behaviours that support or inhibit the use of computers in schools; and recommends specific strategies for implementing educational computer use.	1996-06-24	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761908890	Chaos, complexity, and sociology,myths, models, and theories	Raymond A. Eve&Sara Horsfall&Mary E. Lee		Chaos theory has firmly established itself in many of the physical sciences, such as geology and fluid dynamics. This edited volume helps locate this revolutionary theory in sociology as well as the other social sciences. Doors previously closed to social scientists may be opened by this dynamic theory, which attempts to capture movement and change in exciting new ways. Editors Raymond A. Eve, Sara Horsfall, and Mary Lee, with guidance from Editorial Advisor Frederick Turner, provide a timely and well-chosen collection of articles, which first examines the emerging myths and theories surrounding the study of chaos and complexity. In the volumes second part, methodological matters are considered. Finally, conceptual models and applications are presented. "Postmodern science" has provided and refined conceptual tools that have special value for the social sciences. This perceptive and thorough volume will be useful to sociologists and other social scientists interested in chaos and complexity theory.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761906087	Modern systems of government,exploring the role of bureaucrats and politicians	Ali Farazmand		The success or failure of empires, nation-states, and city-states often rests on the relationship between bureaucracy and politicians. In this provocative and timely volume, editor Ali Farazmand examines the myriad relationships between politicians and bureaucrats and how they affect modern governance. This book is organized around the major themes of professionalism, bureaucracy, governance, and the relationship between career bureaucrats/higher civil servants and political appointees/politicians under presidential and parliamentary systems. After introducing the basic elements of bureaucracies in Part I, the book discusses the relations between bureaucrats and politicians in presidential systems in Part II as well as in parliamentary systems in Part III. This original and up-to-date book will fill a gap in the literature on the relationship between bureaucrats and politicians in modern governance and public administration. It can be used as a primary or supplementary text at the undergraduate and graduate level for those interested in public administration, comparative public policy, political science, and government.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803946491	Situating feminism,from thought to action	Sondra Farganis		This concise introduction to feminist theorizing traces three separate waves of feminist theory, from the equality movement of the 1970s and 1980s, to the postmodernist examination of different women and women's groups of today. The book highlights the close connection between action and theory, in addition to the historical development of feminist theories. These changes in feminist thought and praxis are examined through some celebrated cases of recent decades.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761951582	Witness and vision of the therapists	Colin Feltham		Witness and Vision of the Therapists is a fascinating and timely book presenting the views of experienced therapists and counselors on what is learned about aspects of human nature from the many hours spent witnessing clients' stories. Contributors write about their observations on working with people whose suffering is associated with social marginalization, family breakdown, the gay community, the AIDS epidemic, the Holocaust, and with people in groups, those who have experienced disaster and personal trauma, or depression, and those who have murdered. Witness and Vision of the Therapists takes us to some of the depths of human suffering in order to illustrate the value and impact of therapy as well as some of the failings and disillusionment of therapy. The material provides insights and hypothesis bearing on the human condition itself, and the contributors do not avoid disclosing some of their own struggles, doubts, and suffering. This book yields rich views on connections between the private one-to-one world that therapists and their clients inhabit, and some of the social, political, and spiritual implications and visions arising from it. It is stimulating reading for trainers, trainees, and practitioners.	1998-08-24	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761944515	Discovering statistics using SPSS,(and sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll)	Andy P. Field		Get the Statistics Book That's Sweeping the Nation!Appropriate for All Levels--Undergraduate to Doctorate Programs in Every Discipline!This new edition of Field's bestselling textbook provides students of statistical methods with everything they need to understand, use and report statistics - at every level. Written in Andy Field's vivid and entertaining style, and furnished with playful examples from everyday student life (among other places), the book forms an accessible gateway into the often intimidating world of statistics and a unique opportunity for students to ground their knowledge of statistics through the use of SPSS. The text is fully compliant with the latest release of SPSS (version 13). Key updates in Second Edition:- More coverage with completely new material on non-parametric statistics, loglinear analysis, effect sizes and how to report statistical analysis- Even more student-friendly features, including a glossary of key statistical terms and exercises at the end of chapters for students to work through, with datasets and answers to chapter exercises on the accompanying CD-ROM- A larger and more easy-to-reference format: notation in each section identifies the intended level of study while the new 2-color text design enhances the features in the book and, together with the larger format, provides extra clarity throughout - A companion website is available at www.sagepub.co.uk/field, containing resources for both students and instructors: a testbank of MCQs for students to test their own knowledge; online glossary in flash card format; multiple choice questions and answers to use for class assessment - available on restricted access basis to instructors via entry password; and PowerPoint Slides of all formatted artwork in the textbook for instructors to include in their own lecture slides.Andy Field is a Senior Lecturer in Psychology at The University of Sussex,U.K.where his success in making statistics accessible was recognized with a teaching award in 2001. "The Second Edition of Andy Field's Discovering Statistics Using SPSS is an excellent book and a valuable addition to the teaching of statistics in the behavioral sciences. The title of the book accurately reflects the approach taken. This is not simply a primer on how to use SPSS, but is a very good statistics text using SPSS as a vehicle for illustrating and expanding on the statistical content of the book. At the same time it also serves as a manual for SPSS, and has taught me things that I had not known about the software.I find this flexible approach to the blending of content and software to be an effective way of teaching the material. It is impossible to review this book without commenting on Andy's particular style. I enjoyed it immensely and think that it would appeal to both students and their instructors. It is refreshing to see someone who doesn't take himself too seriously." -- David C Howell, Professor Emeritus, University of Vermont	2005-05-24	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761973393	Interviewing	Nigel Fielding		Interviewing has strong claims to be the `queen' of research methods. It is used throughout the social sciences and is a core method. The ubiquity of this basic activity means that it should be no surprise that interviewing takes many forms and poses many challenges. These have been the subject of one of the most developed bodies of methodological literature having ramifications throughout the social sciences.   Commentaries on interviewing began to emerge at the very birth of the social and behavioural sciences in the 19th century. There are now hundreds of articles on the subject.  The aim of this collection is to bring together all of the key articles on interviewing which have been published in professional journals. It addresses the philosophy of interview methods and its epistemological foundations; the ethics of interview research; and the criteria for assessing interview based research. It covers both interviewing in quantitative research, such as the survey method, and qualitative research in all its many forms. The collection explores the principal types of interview (standardized, semi-standardized and non-standardized), and the different modes of interviewing (for example, telephone interviewing, life history interviews and focus groups).  There is a section on formulating interview questions, a section on the practicalities of recording, transcribing and managing interview data, and several sections addressing power relations, the role of gender, interviewing on sensitive topics and interviewing special respondents such as elites, children and the vulnerable.	2003-02-24	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761968634	Erving Goffman	Gary Alan Fine&Gregory W. H. Smith		Erving Goffman (1922-82) was an inspirational thinker, and one of the giants of 20th century sociology. Several of his books, notably The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life (1959), Asylums (1961), Relations in Public (1963), Stigma (1963) and Gender Advertisements (1979) are acknowledged as modern classics. Goffman fundamentally revised how we think of social life. After him, the study of social encounters, behavior in public, the construction and deconstruction of the self, stigma and forms of everyday communication, were never the same again. Without being obviously attached to any discrete research tradition, Goffman drew from the best thought on social interaction, applied it in his fieldwork, and produced a richly satisfying and extraordinary influential approach to making sense of social life. He was a sociological virtuoso, producing unmatched insights into how life with others is sustained and why forms of interaction break down or cause personal damage. This unparalleled collection, edited by two acknowledged international experts on Erving Goffman, produces a unique reference resource for researchers and students. It consists of the main critical responses to Goffman's oeuvre, offering readers a distillation of the main themes in Goffman's work and explaining how these themes relate to contemporary social thought. The collection is systematic and constitutes a unique asset in understanding this searching and wide-ranging thinker. The four volumes are thematically organized into nine sections: Section 1: Personal Reminiscences Goffman became internationally famous during the 1960s and 70s, at a moment when American sociology was growing by leaps and bounds. Although in some ways, an unusually reticent man, Goffman's success made him one of the 'faces' of American sociology during these crucial years in the professional formation of the subject. Because Goffman's methods of analysis are so personal to the man himself, this section is a particularly useful guide to elucidating and applying Goffman's ideas. Section 2: Biography and Career In this section Goffman's career is systematically and critically presented. Included are reflections on Goffman's relation to the academic community, his central legacies and his highly daring and revisionist attempt to rethink social encounters and social life. Section 3: Goffman's Sociology & Modern Society Although Goffman produced one of the most significant and influential of all contemporary approaches to sociology, the application of his ideas to the central questions of the day is often hard to identify. He was never an overtly 'political' thinker, nor did he engage in utopian theorizing. In this section, the relevance of Goffman's ideas for understanding modern society is pinpointed. Included are considerations of his dramaturgical method, his place in the politics of 60s Sociology, the relation of his ideas to questions of civility and etiquette and a discussion of how Goffman viewed human nature. Section 4: Methods Towards the end of his life Goffman sought to externalize the main methodological themes in his work. These had been mainly implicit in his popular writings in the late 1950s and 60s. However, in books like Forms of Talk (1981) and Frame Analysis (1986) he began to be more concrete about the key methodological elements in his work. This section includes discussions of Goffman's use of the concept of self, outlines the distinctive features of his method and indicates how his thought relates to 'common sense'. Section 5: Textuality	2000-12-19	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803971400	The first helping interview,engaging the client and building trust	Sara Fine&Paul H. Glasser		Providing a practical handbook for practitioners in the helping professions, The First Helping Interview is a highly useful, easy-to-understand guide for both experienced and novice practitioners that reveals the steps involved in the crucial first meeting with a client. The authors approach the task of an initial interview by providing an overview of what the therapeutic process is and what to expect from clients, both those who seek help voluntarily and those who are required to get help. The book also covers the practical basics of therapy--counselor/client roles, physical settings, communication dynamics, assessment and diagnosis, record keeping, goals and contracts, and trust building. Separate chapters discuss special topics such as working with couples and families, the role of culture and ethnicity, when and how to refer clients with serious problems, and legal and ethical issues. Although this book is general enough to be used by any practitioner, the authors pay particular attention to specific settings, such as child protective services, crisis intervention, and corrections. Social workers, marriage and family therapists, school counselors, psychiatric nurses, child welfare workers, and probation officers will appreciate this valuable, indispensable reference tool.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803972735	Bisexuality,the psychology and politics of an invisible minority	Beth A. Firestein		This volume fills a gap in the literature on the subject of bisexuality and provides an insight into and clarification of this emerging paradigm shift in sexual orientation studies. The interdisciplinary range of contributors agree that, given recognition and validity, bisexuality has the explanatory power to illuminate many of those elements of sexual orientation and sexual identity which have, to date, remained unexplored.	1996-08-20	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761905509	Combating destructive thought processes,voice therapy and separation theory	Robert W. Firestone&Robert Firestone		What keeps people from living in ways that satisfy their individual needs and priorities? This book explores psychotherapist Robert W Firestone's voice therapy technique, the goal of which is to uncover these limiting forces, which are represented by internal messages or voices.Firestone maintains that from childhood, people are prevented from experiencing an individuated life by the pressures of society, particularly the nuclear family. He expounds the theory, which synthesizes psychodynamic and existential approaches, behind his technique. He demonstrates how the therapy helps clients reveal these voices quickly, recognize their source and begin to take a path to a meaningful life.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178296449	An Introduction to Journalism	Carole Fleming&Emma Hemmingway&Gillian Moore&Dave Welford		This book provides a lively and authoritative introduction to journalism in all its forms. The focus of the book is to show how journalists do their job, not only by explaining the process but also by hearing from those who do it on a daily basis./-//-/Taking into account the fact that the field of journalism has seen dramatic changes in recent decades, this book/-//-/ - examines the skills needed to work as a journalist in diverse medianewspapers, television, radio and online/-/ - provides case studies as a guide to researching stories, interviewing and writing for each medium, as well as recording material for both radio and television/-/ - offers a range of comments and tips on the best way to approach stories/-/ - includes interviews with journalists working on a variety of news outlets from the BBC to weekly newspapers.	2006-01-01	Sage Pubns						LAN008000
9780803946613	Developmental systems theory,an integrative approach	Donald H. Ford&Richard M. Lerner		The first integrative theory of human development in decades is presented in this volume by two leading developmentalists.Through a synthesis of developmental contextualism and the Living Systems Framework, the authors examine how people interact with the environment and how, in turn, these interactions impact upon individuals' biology, psychology and behaviour. By integrating the results from many research investigations, this volume offers a comprehensive exploration of how multiple elements interact and shape people's lives.	1992-05-30	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803966826	Restructuring around standards,a practitioner's guide to design and implementation	Terry J. Foriska		"Outlines an implementation plan that is clear and effective. It will be very useful as a guide." J. Kevin Lordon, PrincipalMt. Lebanon Junior High School, Pittsburgh "An exemplary description of what must happen in every district, school, and classroom." Ben A. Birdsell, PresidentAssociation for Effective Schools, Inc., Stuyvesant, New York "Extremely valuable. An excellent resource for administrators as they begin to implement a change process in their districts. The step-by-step procedures can jump-start' the change." Patricia M. DiRienzo, Staff Developer and Curriculum SpecialistAllegheny Intermediate Unit, Pittsburgh  Are you looking to implement standards-based curriculum? Here's a practical, hands-on guide to take you through the process of developing and implementing standards for your school or district. Foriska brings together the tips and techniques you need to change the fundamentals of education in your school or district. You'll learn how to:  Zoom in on the learner Build your curriculum's strength and quality Improve how your teachers teach your school's curriculum Focus on the vital roles of teacher and student	1998-03-24	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803979918	Psychology of language,a critical introduction	Michael A. Forrester		'Appealing in its attempt to approach the psychology of language from a wide range of often controversial viewpoints.... Forrester's book is a book of reflection. The work constitutes a nice addition to the alternative book library of the advanced graduate student or academic' - Contemporary PsychologyThis comprehensive textbook brings together diverse themes on the psychology of language in an integrated way. Rather than covering only the formal-structural aspects of language, Forrester provides a broad view of the study of language across various perspectives, focusing throughout on interesting relationships between language and human psychological processes.The book provides a clear introduction to key topics from language structure and processing, semantics and cognitive science, to conversation analysis, reading and writing, power relations in communication and postmodern psychology.The author explores language by considering three themes: thinking - the cognitive processes of self-communication; talk - where the emphasis is on everyday conversational behaviour; and text - including the study of reading and writing. A coherent framework is developed by looking at topics which link the themes together, clearly demonstrating the relationship between language and communication processes.	1996-04-26	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803960657	City schools,leading the way	Patrick B. Forsyth&Marilyn Tallerico		By understanding the realities, complex relationships and conditions of practice that influence urban schooling, educators can take advantage of the opportunities that urban settings present. The authors identify nine key problems of practice affecting city schools in the United States and provide examples of the possible interventions needed to improve the education of urban youth. The theory, research and analytic tools relevant to each issue are presented clearly and in a non-technical way.	1993	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803976252	Pierre Bourdieu and cultural theory,critical investigations	Bridget Fowler		This is the first comprehensive description of Pierre Bourdieu's theory of culture and habitus. Within the wider intellectual context of Bourdieu's work, this book provides a systematic reading of his assessment of the role of `cultural capital' in the production and consumption of symbolic goods.Bridget Fowler outlines the key critical debates that inform Bourdieu's work. She introduces his recent treatment of the rules of art, explains the importance of his concept of capital - economic and social, symbolic and cultural - and defines such key terms as habitus, practice and strategy, legitimate culture, popular art and distinction.The book focuses particularly on Bourdieu's account of the nature of capit	1997	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761902386	Gender dynamics in congressional elections	Richard Logan Fox		What happens in an electoral environment involving female candidates? Do women face different challenges during the electoral process? How do gender dynamics alter the conventional norms of electoral politics? Do women campaign differently from men? Do male candidates pay more attention to women's issues, or make other strategic and behavioral changes when opposed by a female candidate? Author Richard Logan Fox answers these questions and many others with compelling evidence that suggests that women candidates are having a profound impact on the electoral process. In Gender Dynamics in Congressional Elections, Fox studies the congressional races of 1992 and 1994 in California in which a record 19 women were candidates for House seats. He contrasts the experiences of both the male and female candidates and sheds new light on the different challenges women face during political campaigns. Providing a groundbreaking examination of an understudied topic, Gender Dynamics in Congressional Elections will be essential for students and professionals in political science.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788170367604	ReOrient,global economy in the Asian Age	Andre Gunder Frank			1998-09-01	Vistaar Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803986787	Time, health, and medicine	Ronald Frankenberg		In this volume a series of co-ordinated studies demonstrates that examining time as a key component of the social organization of health provides a new and revealing perspective on the sociology of medicine and the individual experience of health and illness.Individual contributors focus on varying aspects of the management of time by patient, doctor and institution, and on the wider social context of time concerns of family, industry and polity. A recurrent element is the importance of time within the relationship between health, medicine and work. The contrasts and contradictions between the individual's experience of bodily time and the medical exigencies of clock and calendar are explored.	1992-05-27	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761956228	Animals and modern cultures,a sociology of human-animal relations in modernity	Adrian Franklin		The dramatic transformation of relationships between humans and animals in the 20th century are investigated in this fascinating and accessible book. At the beginning of this century these relationships were dominated by human needs and interests, modernization was a project which was attached to the goal of progress and animals were merely resources to be used on the path towards human fulfilment. As the century comes to an end these relationships are increasingly being subjected to criticism. We are now urged to be more sensitive and compassionate to animal needs and interests. This book focuses on social change and animals, it is concerned with how humans relate to animals and how this has changed and why. Moreover, it highlights, through chapters on companion animals, hunting and fishing, animal leisures such as birdwatching and wildlife parks, and the meat and livestock industries, how attitudes and practices towards animals vary widely according to social class, ethnicity, gender, region and nation.	1999	Sage						ZZZ000000
9788178296357	Key Concepts in Journalism Studies	Bob Franklin&Martin Hamer&Mark Hanna&Marie Kinsey&John E. Richardson		Key Concepts in Journalism Studies is written by experienced academics, journalists and teachers. This book identifies, analyses and presents the central concepts of journalism studies and explores their interconnections. Examining journalism across all media platforms, the book goes on to outline the impact of recent policy developments on the organizational structures, financial arrangements and regulatory environment of the media within which journalism is conducted as well as their consequences for journalism products. It introduces readers to the significant debates within the discipline, by outlining the arguments and positions of key protagonists and by offering summaries and evaluations of academics` and journalists`critical assessments of recent developments in journalism studies. The book provides:- A systematic and accessible introduction to the central concepts, structures and professional practices of journalism- Critical assessments of recent developments in journalism studies- A consideration of both practical and theoretical issues central to journalism studies- Further suggestions for reading	2005-12-31	Sage Pubns						LAN008000
9780803952836	Early childbearing,perspectives of Black adolescents on pregnancy, abortion, and contraception	Ellen W. Freeman&Karl Rickels		Is there a correlation between a teenager's education and occupational goals and their attitudes toward pregnancy, abortion and childbearing? What about choosing abortion over delivery? Does one's family background significantly contribute to their decision? Does family involvement prevent early teenage childbearing? Based on a study of African-American teenagers from disadvantaged backgrounds living in poor urban areas, this volume unravels a startling number of issues surrounding adolescent pregnancy, abortion, and childbearing. The authors show why these adolescents often wait until after their first sexual encounter to obtain contraception, and reveal the correlation between family involvement and the pregnancy or no-pregnancy decision. They also compare teenagers who terminated their first pregnancy with those who delivered babies. How were their educational and occupational goals affected? What about their economic status and their chances for subsequent pregnancy? This sensitive presentation makes an unmistakable contribution to the continuing problem of teenage pregnancy. It also brings us one step closer to making the changes necessary for improved methods of education, prevention, and advocacy. Early Childbearing affords the reader excellent insight into the complexities of the pregnancy problem. It also offers encouragement for educators, health care and social service professionals to assist teenagers and their families in improving their health and well-being. "Freeman and Rickels contribute with a very clear and concise discussion of the connections between psychological and structural factors. Attention is given to many issues. . . . Freeman and Rickels have written a very readable text and coherently present their research findings in both written and tabular form. The concluding chapter offers a great deal more than a summary of the book's content. . . . The conclusions drawn by the authors are insightful and intuitive, as are the authors' recommendations. Early Childbearing is loaded with useful information, and the bibliography is extensive and provides readers with abundant resources. This book will interest researchers in stratification, practitioners who work with similar populations, those involved in policymaking and program development, and sociologists involved in poverty, race/ethnicity, and inequality." --Contemporary Sociology	1993-09-10	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803929852	Survey research by telephone	James H. Frey		Newly revised and updated, Frey's popularly acclaimed and practical Survey Research by Telephone covers the most recent developments in telephone survey research and methods, including:	1989	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412940733	Leadership & Sustainability,A Multimedia Kit for Professional Development	Michael Fullan			2006-07-06	Sage Pubns						EDU000000
9780803962958	Turning points in middle schools,strategic transitions for educators	Mary M. Gallagher-Polite&Lela DeToye&John Fritsche		To illustrate the stress that schools face during transition from being a junior high school, this book uses a series of stories from the fictional Dewey Middle School. Among the themes addressed are: physical, social-emotional and intellectual characteristics of early adolescents; advisory periods and affective education; interdisciplinary and team teaching; length of instructional blocks; assessment strategies; and instructional strategies.	1996-04-24	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761968320	Jean Baudrillard	Mike Gane			2000	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803992351	Crossroads of culture,a study in the culture of transience	Pulin K. Garg&Indira J. Parikh			1995-07-01	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803991101	Young managers at the crossroads,the Trishanku complex	Pulin K. Garg&Indira J. Parikh			1993-05-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761957300	Neural networks,an introductory guide for social scientists	G. David Garson		Neural networks have influenced many areas of research but have only just started to be utilized in social science research. Neural Networks provides the first accessible introduction to this analysis as a powerful method for social scientists. It provides numerous studies and examples that illustrate the advantages of neural network analysis over other quantitative and modeling methods in wide-spread use among social scientists. The author, G. David Garson, presents the methods in an accessible style for the reader who does not have a background in computer science. Features include an introduction to the vocabulary and framework of neural networks, a concise history of neural network methods, a substantial review of the literature, detailed neural network applications in the social sciences, coverage of the most common alternative neural network models, methodological considerations in applying neural networks, examples using the two leading software packages for neural network analysis, and numerous illustrations and diagrams. This introductory guide to using neural networks in the social sciences will enable students, researchers, and professionals to utilize these important new methods in their research and analysis.	1998	Sage						ZZZ000000
9788178295961	The Ethics Of Development	Gasper		A self-contained introduction to the field of ethics and development, this book asks what is good `development`, of societies and for people. It looks at how equating development with economic growth has been challengedexamining who benefits from this growth; and which aspects of life are valued by this growth. It goes on to explore an alternative conceptthat of `human development`, meaning achievement with respect to a wider range of values and the advancement of people`s freedom to achieve well-reasoned values. The author provides pertinent case studies on famine, health and drugs supply, colonialism, land alienation and land reform, international debt, structural adjustment and civil war. This book brings together ideas from philosophy, economics and social theory, building in particular on the work of Len Doyal, Ian Gough, Martha Nussbaum and Amartya Sen.	2010	Vistaar						ZZZ000000
9781853962578	Population and the Environment in China	Qu Geping&Geping Qu&Li Jinchang&Robert B. Boardman		The authors incorporate the results of historical research, current analysis, and forecasting to discuss the relationship between human population and the environment in China. Proposing ways that China can move from vicious to positive cycles, they offer creative recommendations for overcoming the current crisis and for promoting development.  By providing valuable scientific basis for China's decisions, the book will be an important reference for other nations, international organizations, and research institutes seeking to solve population and environmental problems.  Qu Geping is professor at Beijing, Tsinghua, Tongji, Wuhan and Nanjing universities and at the People's University of China. He is also chair of the Environmental Protection Committee of the Chinese National People's Congress. He was previously administrator of China's National Environmental Protection Agency. The first Chinese representative to UNEP, Professor Qu has held numerous distinguished positions. Li Jinchang is adviser to the Chinese National Environmental Protection Agency, first deputy director of the Contemporary Environmental and Economic Policy  Research Center, and a member of the standing committee of China's Environmental Science Society. He is also professor at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, the People's University of China, and Chongqing University.	1994	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178299204	Compensation : Theory, Evidence, And Strategic Implications	Gerhart			2008-06-05	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761928133	Hate crimes,causes, controls, and controversies	Phyllis B. Gerstenfeld		Who perpetrates hate crimes and why? How do hate groups recruit members? Why does so much controversy surround hate crime legislation? While hate crimes are becoming a popular area of academic study, many important questions about hate crimes remain unanswered. Hate Crimes: Causes, Controls, and Controversies addresses the many facets of hate crimes, providing a comprehensive examination of this complex problem. Author Phyllis B. Gerstenfeld explores the causes of prejudice, the history and operation of hate crime legislation, the activities of organized extremist groups, the international manifestations and solutions to hate crimes, and the consequences of hate crimes upon victims and communities. Considering a broad range of issues from a variety of perspectives, this multidisciplinary text includes the latest legal developments and cutting-edge social research.  To inspire and engage students, the author includes   Current and familiar topics such as hate on campus  A sampling of state hate crime laws  Information for starting an anti-hate campaign  First-person accounts from victims and perpetrators of hate crimes  Predictions about and recommendations for the future of hate crimes  Chapter conclusions, discussion questions, and Internet exercises   Designed to spark discussion in hate crimes courses for undergraduate and graduate students in criminology, criminal justice, and sociology, Hate Crimes will also be of interest to instructors teaching courses on victimology, violence, and race, ethnicity, and gender.	2004	Sage Publications, Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780803989115	Gender, symbolism and organizational cultures	Silvia Gherardi		The symbolic order of gender in organizations - how gender relations are culturally and discursively produced and reproduced, and how they might be `done' differently, are explored in this book.Silvia Gherardi focuses on the relationship between gender, power and culture in organizations and on the need to come to grips with the pervasive, elusive and ambiguous nature of gender in work settings. She introduces two key metaphors. The first is of the sexual contract, which centres on the sexuality of organizations and `static' gender difference. The second, of the alchemic wedding, highlights a plurality of cultural models of femaleness and of women/work relationships, and processes of dynamic difference, transformation and transcendence.Gherardi continues her examination of the construction of gender relations in the workplace through a series of rich and illuminating stories which also draw on various symbolic archetypes as powerful forms of cultural expression. The final section of the book looks at possibilities for change, developing in particular a concept of different forms of gender citizenship of organizations.	1995-11-13	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803972353	Antisocial behavior in organizations	Robert A. Giacalone&Jerald Greenberg		An understanding of the various forms of antisocial behaviour in the workplace, and how these can be identified, managed and prevented, is provided in this volume. Topics discussed include: the role of frustration in antisocial behaviour, revenge, aggression, lying, theft and sabotage. Whistle-blowing and litigation, two forms of behaviour that may be considered antisocial, although their stated goal may be prosocial, are also covered. The book concludes with a chapter that makes connections between antisocial behaviour and the organizational climate.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761940012	Research methods for managers	John Gill&Phil Johnson		`With its comprehensive coverage, clear, logical structure and lucid, accessible writing style, this masterful introduction to management research sets a standard others will find hard to emulate. A highly informative 'must buy', I strongly recommend this text as essential reading for all engaged in research in management.' - Peter L Jennings, University of Southampton, School of Management `John Gill & Phil Johnson have written a text which is necessary reading for management students. But it is even more necessary reading for those managers - both of the student and//or practising variety - who in their search for a coherent and hard identity have chosen to see themselves as men and women of action rather than theorisers'-Alex Weich, Westminster Business School `Gill and Johnson do a first class job of interpreting and personalising the mystique of research in business and management. The new edition of their book offers a wealth of detail encompassing all aspects of research in practice [with] real insights into the process of selecting a research approach and the practical, philosophical and methodological implications that ensue. The authors well-grounded experience shows throughout the work injecting a much needed dose of realism. The result is a well-balanced treatment of the crucial issues in management research. As I was reading through the work, I found myself challenging my own research perceptions and approaches. I personally rate it as a real gem. A must for the questioning research student (and the professional researcher)' - Darren Dalcher, Head of Software Forensics Centre, Middlesex University The new and updated Third Edition of this bestselling introductory text:  - Is even more practical and easy to use for students with exercises & an up to date glossary of terms  - Provides new and updated examples of management research in practice - Uses detailed examples drawn from published management research to illustrate issues and methodologies - Provides in-depth suggestions for further reading at the end of each chapter - Provides a sound basis and will continue to assist students at first degree, diploma, MBA or Doctorate level.  The authors address key philosophical matters that are fundamental to any real understanding of the methodological approaches to management research. They challenge the advocacy of some methods over others, pointing out the advantages and disadvantages of different methods according to the kinds of data they afford. Research Methods for Managers enables students to take their first steps in project work, confident that they are on firm ground in their choice of methodological approaches.	2002	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178293349	Services Marketing And Management	Gilmore		The authors emphasize that organizations must persist in developing fundamental capabilities and that managers need to create new frameworks within which they continually test their strategies, policies and decisions. This unique and well-written book is a salutary and much-needed reminder of the fundamentals of managing any enterprise, while warning against a wholesale and uncritical acceptance of theories, concepts and models.	2003-09-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761985341	Profitable penalties,how to cut both crime rates and costs	Daniel Glaser		The United States is now spending huge sums of money `getting tough on crime' to the detriment of education and other public service expenditures//programmes. From a cost as well as crime control perspective, this unique book asks whether value for money is being gained from these investments? It looks at existing research on the subject and suggests ways of cutting both crime rates and costs?	1997-07-22	Pine Forge Press						ZZZ000000
9780803964785	Taking the classroom into the community,a guidebook	Neal A. Glasgow		The focus of this helpful book is on using the community as a classroom for students to gain `real-world' experience. Neal A Glasgow offers examples of activities that utilize community resources, provides clear instruction for recruiting and using community mentors, and addresses insurance and liability issues for students who are involved in learning activities away from school. He also describes the project portfolio that students will present as part of their final assessment.	1996-05-22	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761976349	Read! read! read!,training effective reading partners	Laurie Glass&Beth Pike&Linda Peist		Maximize childrens learning potential by tapping into all of the resources of school and home win at the reading game when parents become effective partners.	2000-05-09	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803949218	The new localism,comparative urban politics in a global era	Edward Glenn Goetz&Susan E. Clarke		How have local economic conditions been affected by the emergence of a global economy? What changes, if any, have local political authorities made to counterbalance the new emphasis on world interests? Comprehensive and timely, The New Localism answers these and other vital questions by exploring local political restructuring in the face of massive global economic change. Prominent urban scholars cover the privatization of local politics, the emergence of local economic and social activism, and increased competition--on both local and national levels. This important volume examines various levels of development in such diverse political settings as the United States, the United Kingdom, Eastern Europe, Africa, and the Caribbean. The New Localism is a must read for students and scholars of urban studies, comparative politics, political science, third world development, planning, public administration, and sociology. "Goetz and Clarke's book brings a useful perspective to this literature, not so much because of its theoretical originality, but for its didactic value. It is a straightforward presentation of cases of urban restructuring, well integrated within a common conceptual framework labelled "new localism" --Canadian Journal of Urban Research	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803949225	The New Localism,Comparative Urban Politics in a Global Era	Edward G. Goetz&Susan E. Clarke		How have local economic conditions been affected by the emergence of a global economy? What changes, if any, have local political authorities made to counterbalance the new emphasis on world interests? Comprehensive and timely, The New Localism answers these and other vital questions by exploring local political restructuring in the face of massive global economic change. Prominent urban scholars cover the privatization of local politics, the emergence of local economic and social activism, and increased competition--on both local and national levels. This important volume examines various levels of development in such diverse political settings as the United States, the United Kingdom, Eastern Europe, Africa, and the Caribbean. The New Localism is a must read for students and scholars of urban studies, comparative politics, political science, third world development, planning, public administration, and sociology. "Goetz and Clarke's book brings a useful perspective to this literature, not so much because of its theoretical originality, but for its didactic value. It is a straightforward presentation of cases of urban restructuring, well integrated within a common conceptual framework labelled "new localism" --Canadian Journal of Urban Research	1993-10-07	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803965478	Empowering students to transform schools	Gary Goldman&Jay B. Newman		In school reform, students are rarely consulted. This book presents a step-by-step process for involving students in transforming schools and empowering them to make real decisions that affect their education.	1998-01-14	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803936119	Child sexual abuse,the initial effects	Beverly Gomes-Schwartz&Jonathan Horowitz&Albert P. Cardarelli		When a child has been sexually abused, where should a parent or guardian turn for treatment? What legal issues are involved when sexual abuse occurs? What impact does child sexual abuse have on family functioning? These are questions all parents, guardians, or counselors encounter during the initial stages of child sexual abuse. Child Sexual Abuse offers a wealth of information on available treatment programs, the impact of sexual abuse on the family, and other factors associated with abuse and treatment outcomes. This volume is based on the results of the Tufts study--that until now have not been readily available--describing the background of the study, the research framework, and the selection of the treatment sample. The authors then examine the nature of child sexual abuse, its initial effects, the myth of the mother as "accomplice," and the affects of abuse (18 months after disclosure). A final section presents conclusions and recommendations associated with the research, and appendixes detail the statistical test results. Researchers and practitioners will benefit from the important issues and information contained in Child Sexual Abuse. "This study was a pathbreaking one on the road to understanding the immediate impact of sexual abuse. It is a great welcome to have it available. It is indispensable to any researcher wishing to understand how sexual abuse affects children." --David Finkelhor, University of New Hampshire "The research described in the book is outstanding in its breadth and accessibility. . . . Readers will find this book to be immensely interesting and useful, whether they are researchers or clinicians." --Kathleen A. Kendall-Tackett, University of New Hampshire "This book is worth reading." --Issues in Child Abuse Accusations "Offers a concise description of the development of child abuse theory, as well as interesting data on the ''kinds of children who are sexually abused, the nature and effects of the abuse, and the effects of crisis intervention.'' . . . There is a wealth of information succinctly presented." --Readings: A Journal of Reviews and Commentary in Mental Health "An impressive initial study in the field of child sexual abuse." --Archives of Sexual Behavior "The research in this book addresses the information needs of practitioners. Topics covered include: whether to remove a sexually abused child from the home where the abuse took place; whether intense psychotherapeutic treatment is needed for the victim or family; and whether to intervene at all (for the best interest of a child). The authors of this book referred to many experts in the field to compile the empirical research. This book is arranged in a manner which makes these findings easily accessible to the reader, whether the individual creates policies of frequently treats child sexual abuse cases. . . . for readers interested, the appendix gives complete statistical test results. Child Sexual Abuse is excellent for anyone working in this field or who is interested in gathering information about child sexual abuse. The trauma and impact sexual abuse has upon a child and the family is well addressed." --Family Violence & Sexual Assault Bulletin "It contains a wealth of information about . . . the nature and effects of abuse. . . . This book is a useful data base." --Child Abuse Review	1990-02-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761911074	Assessing woman battering in mental health services	Edward W. Gondolf		This guide to the conceptual and practical issues associated with identifying and assessing battered women in mental health services challenges traditional mental health approaches to domestic violence. The author offers alternative strategies and procedures to improve the response to battered women, drawing on research from mental health assessment, his own surveys of battered women's services and the expertise of battered women advocates.  Topics covered include: how to establish a supportive environment that enhances disclosure of woman battering; procedures to avoid misdiagnosis; assessing women of different racial background; and assessing men who batter.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412968133	Young Learners, Diverse Children,Celebrating Diversity in Early Childhood	Virginia Gonzalez		This field-tested teaching model merges cognition, language, and culture and demonstrates how integrating childrens backgrounds with instruction can boost learning for diverse and low SES students.	2009-09-15	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9788170368687	Toward a global science,mining civilizational knowledge	Susantha Goonatilake			1999-09-01	Vistaar Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803968431	Taming the time stealers,tricks of the trade from organized teachers	M. C. Gore&John F. Dowd		Practical ideas from real classroom teachers help you manage the multitude of diverse tasks that make up a busy school day.	1999-04-20	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761996743	Community participation and empowerment in primary education	R. Govinda&Rashmi Diwan		This volume presents the grassroots experiences, problems encountered, and lessons learnt from initiatives launched in five Indian states. The contributors cover a range of important issues including how community participation works in an environment characterized by deep-rooted socio-economic divisions; the equitable distribution of participation; identifying and defining the community; and ensuring the genuine representation of those who are traditionally excluded from decision-making in rural areas./-//-/ The five case studies cover Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka, Rajasthan, Bihar and Kerala. They collectively shed light on how decentralization in education has been actualized in different parts of the country. These experiences contain valuable insights which can be fruitfully applied to the primary education sector. A theme running through the volume as a whole is ways to bring about genuine partnerships between civil society, the administration and NGOs in the drive to achieve universal education.	2003-04-20	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761941415	Cognitive behavioural therapy in mental health care	Alec Grant&Ronan Mulhern&Jem Mills&Nigel Short		Instructors: Please click here to request a review copy of this title for adoption consideration.Desk copies are available by calling 1-800-818-7243.`As a lifelong disseminator of CBT I can not remember such a transformational book. I read it like a novel, cover to cover in 24 hours' - Amanda Cole, Consultant Cognitive Behavioural Psychotherapist  `This book is unique in presenting cognitive behaviour therapy in an accessible, contextualised way for mental health practitioners working in the NHS today. The authors have a great deal of experience of practising and teaching CBT and this richness is revealed in the many case examples throughout the text' - Stirling Moorey, Head of Psychotherapy South London and Maudsley Trust  `This is a wonderful text - fresh, contemporary and practical, as well as subtly subversive! It manages to convey the essence of cognitive therapy in a clear, easy-to-read manner, while drawing the reader to re-consider some of the more questionable assumptions of mainstream approaches' - James Bennett-Levy, Oxford Cognitive Therapy Centre  `At last, a text book about cognitive approaches to mental health that can be understood without the use of a dictionary or a scientific calculator. This book manages to bring to life both the theory of technique and the reality of practice. It is a "must have" book for anyone working in mental health'- Ron Coleman, Author, Trainer and Consultant, Fife, Scotland  Cognitive Behaviour Therapy (CBT) is becoming increasingly central to evidence-based mental health care and to the professional development of many mental health workers. Written to meet the needs of those acquiring knowledge and skills in this area, Cognitive Behaviour Therapy in Mental Health Care outlines the core principles involved in:  } building the therapeutic alliance } case formulation } and assessment and  } interventions   The authors emphasize the collaborative nature of CBT and its effectiveness in helping clients achieve both short-term goals, as well as more adaptive ways of thinking about themselves, others and the world over the longer term. Chapters cover the use of CBT in different settings and address a range of problems from personality disorders, depression and anxiety to the psychological problems associated with physical illness.   With case examples woven throughout, Cognitive Behavioural Therapy in Mental Health Care is an ideal text for use in training and a useful source of reference for qualified practitioners working in a variety of mental health settings.	2004	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781412900911	Coping With Prison	Steve Gravett			2000	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803970182	Policing places with drug problems	Lorraine Green Mazerolle		As traditional approaches to policing drug activity become increasingly ineffective, cities across the United States are developing new enforcement strategies to deal with the problem. Lorraine Green charts the success of a programme in Oakland, California which features community involvement in the policing of areas where drug abuse is rife. An environment has been created where deviant activity is less likely to occur; working relationships have been established between the police and the public, properties cleaned up and civil codes enforced. This timely book concludes with a thoughtful discussion of the challenges facing other cities developing drug control programmes.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178295992	A Very Short, Fairly Interesting And Reasonably Cheap Book About Studying Organizations	Grey		This is the book which management students have been waiting for. Written in an informal and accessible style, it enters into lively discussion of classical and contemporary ideas about organizations and their managementfrom Weber to post-bureaucracy, from scientific manager to change manager. It shows that getting to grips with these ideas means asking fundamental questions about what it means to be human, how human relations work and about the nature of modern society. Chris Grey provides an antidote to the boring textbook, which is compatible with any degree course on management and organizations. If you are taking a management course, it will tell you the real purpose of a business school. Most importantly, it offers a critical and penetrating perspective which reveals the true nature of organizations.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803968936	Assessing and training secondary school administrators,a practical workbook for selecting candidates and developing their skills after they're on board	G. Steven Griggs		Covering a variety of legal, moral, ethical, financial and public relations issues, this book can be used to evaluate prospective secondary school administrators train newly appointed administrators, or explore self-evaluation and alternative solutions for common situations faced by practicing administrators.	1999-09-16	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761908920	Doing ethnographic research,fieldwork settings	Scott Grills		There is nothing quite so exciting and daunting as taking your first steps into the field as an ethnographic researcher. This collection of essays features the contributions of a wide range of researchers who consider the key research problems in their given field site and how they were managed. The selections give a novice researcher a sense of the problems, uncertainties, and apprehensions that are part of the research act, as well as the benefit of the experiences that these researchers share in dealing with those issues. Editor Scott Grills presents a collection that takes the reader through the natural history of the research act from establishing oneself in the fieldwork setting to presentation and representation issues. Doing Ethnographic Research is ideally suited for use in a research methods class. As an "ethnography of ethnography," it provides a behind-the-scenes glimpse into fieldwork and simultaneously shows students how research done in substantive areas quite distant from their own can be powerfully relevant and revealing.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761930488	Cultures and societies in a changing world	Wendy Griswold		From sectarians in Bombay to gang members flashing their signs in Chicago to nationalists in Northern Ireland, in today's world, culture can inflame such intense passions that people are often willing to die for their symbols and beliefs. Culture is such an important and personal aspect of defining one's self. It develops a person's norms, values, beliefs, and practices--essentially, it influences who they are as an individual and how they are perceived by society. In the Second Edition of Cultures and Societies in a Changing World, author Wendy Griswold offers a unique sociological perspective on the role culture plays in shaping our social world. By exposing readers to the effects of cultural misunderstandings, cultural conflicts, and cultural ignorance, this book enables students to develop a true appreciation of culture and society in a world that is changing at an accelerating pace.Key FeaturesExamines a variety of common influences between cultures and societies using a "cultural diamond" design that considers the connections among the social world, cultural creators, cultural objects, and cultural audiences; Provides examples of cultural phenomena and processes from a variety of countries and periods; Allows for a greater understanding of cultural conflicts that have taken place in the post-Cold War era; Explores the effect of September 11, 2001, on cultures and societies around the globe. New to the Second Edition:Incorporates new coverage of the Internet and the increased role of the media; Greater emphasis on culture and identity, identity politics, and gender and includes more coverage of religion; Includes new "Questions for Study and Discussion" in each chapter. Cultures and Societies in a Changing World is an excellent text for students studying a broad range of sociology courses including social problems, globalization, and social change and development.	2004	Pine Forge Press						ZZZ000000
9780803946323	Out of control,family therapy and domestic disorder	Jaber F. Gubrium		In a unique comparative ethnography of two family therapy programs, Gubrium deftly shows how differing organizational perceptions make visible the social construction of domestic disorder. Contrasting images of home life--one viewing domestic order as a system of authority, the other as a configuration of emotional bonds--serve to highlight different senses of the family as being out of control and to recommend alternate forms of intervention. The idea that the reality of home life and domestic troubles are embedded in organizational activities and institutional images is an important commentary on the understanding of domestic life and the postmodern family. Out of Control provides stimulating reading for professionals and students in clinical psychology, family therapy, family studies, sociology, and qualitative methods.	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761920410	Asian American ethnicity and communication	William B. Gudykunst		In examining Asian American ethnicity and communication, William Gudykunst begins by summarizing the cultural characteristics of Asian cultures that affectAsian Americans' communication. Next, he looks at Asian American immigration patterns, ethnic institutions, and family patterns, as well as at how ethnic and cultural identities influence Asian Americans' communication. The author focuses on how communication is similar and different among Chinese Americans, Filipino Americans, Japanese Americans, Korean Americans, and Vietnamese Americans. Where applicable, similarities and differences in communication between Asian Americans and European Americans are also examined. Gudykunst concludes with a discussion of the role of communication in Asian immigrants' acculturation to the United States.	2001	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803958784	Substance misuse in adolescence	Thomas P. Gullotta&Gerald R. Adams&Raymond Montemayor		"This seems to be a very useful book. It is a collection of review essays on specific, relevant topics in adolescent substance misuse, rather than the usual assortment of empirical reports that belong properly in journals. It is appropriately cross-disciplinary. Each chapter ends with a clear and concise summary. The problem has generated a rich and complex research literature, one that merits a coherent and comprehensive overview. Some of the chapters in this book contain useful reviews and interesting insights." --Stan Sadava in Addiction What factors contribute to the misuse of drugs and alcohol among teens? Does one's economic background or ethnicity play a role in their avoidance or involvement in substance misuse? Substance Misuse in Adolescence explores these questions and untangles widely held beliefs about substance abuse issues using historical, clinical, and research data. This volume begins with an introduction to the social history of tobacco, alcohol, marijuana, cocaine, and heroin and then examines individual, family, peer, and community variables that may contribute to substance misuse as well as resiliency factors that enable some teens to avoid such problems. It also discusses substance misuse in rural and urban settings, the pharmacological effects of specific substances, and current treatment approaches for substance-misusing youth. It also includes coverage of drug legalization issues and a lucid discussion of the current effectiveness of various prevention programs. Researchers, graduate students, and practitioners who want the latest synthesis and view on adolescent substance misuse will find this volume a useful addition to their libraries and classrooms.	1994-10-13	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803962040	Highly successful women administrators,the inside stories of how they got there	Sandra Lee Gupton&Gloria Appelt Slick		The under-representation of women in educational administration is addressed in this book. The experiences of 15 female educational leaders in their quest for, ascent to and acquisition of leadership positions are described. Through their experiences, the administrators also offer advice to other women and men in the profession.  Important themes emerging from the book include: women's lack of aspiration to administrative positions; cultural stereotypes regarding gender roles and leadership; and insufficient support systems for and among women in educational leadership.	1996-09-26	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761941538	Advertising and promotion,communicating brands	Christopher E. Hackley		Instructors: Please click here to request a review copy of this title for adoption consideration.Desk copies are available by calling 1-800-818-7243."A readable and absorbing account of what advertising people try to achieve (whether or not they know quite how or why), grounded in Chris Hackley's real and recent acquaintance with the practicalities of advertising, as well as its principles.... He minimises the inevitable jargon of linguistics and communication theory. His own language is always accurate and clear, and often engaging. The well managed flow from chapter to chapter sustains interest and enjoyment. I read the book from cover to cover in one sitting." - INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ADVERTISING"Professor Hackley's book provides a timely reminder to student and practitioner alike that advertising continues to play a key role in the successful planning and implementation of marketing communications. Underpinned by a series of topical and often thought-provoking illustrations, this work not only explains how advertising is developed, but also presents the discipline in the wider context of socio-cultural and linguistic research. Working from a practical advertising management basis, the text raises some key issues for advertising as focus for academic and intellectual study."- Chris Blackburn, The Business School, Oxford Brookes University, formerly Account Director at Foote, Cone & Belding, Leagas Delaney and Boase Massimi Pollitt "Dr Hackley has an uncommon approach to advertising. His book combines the abstract theory of advertising and its effects with a hard-nosed practical approach. It is a guide to understanding and appreciating advertising and a way to understand how and why advertising works or why it does not. I think that this book is a fine text for students. Even more, it deserves to be read by advertising practitioners."- Arthur J. Kover, former editor of the Journal of Advertising Research, Management Fellow at the Yale School of Management Advertising and Promotion is not only a detailed and insightful account of how advertising is created; the book also explains how advertising comes to cast its all-enveloping shadow over contemporary consumer culture. Many case examples drawn from major international campaigns are used to illustrate the power of advertising to portray brand `personalities' in terms that resonate with consumers across many cultures. It contains detailed coverage of the major areas of advertising and marketing communications but it is not a simplistic treatment. Advertising and Promotion takes a novel intellectual approach and draws on concepts from the wider humanities and social sciences to cast fresh light on an over-familiar subject matter. It uniquely combines detailed case information, current research and lively topical issues to offer an authoritative and comprehensive account of advertising's pre-eminent role in contemporary marketing communications. It is an advanced student text, a reflective practitioner's handbook and an insightful account for the general reader.	2005-02-16	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761941545	Advertising and promotion,communicating brands	Christopher E. Hackley		Instructors: Please click here to request a review copy of this title for adoption consideration.Desk copies are available by calling 1-800-818-7243."A readable and absorbing account of what advertising people try to achieve (whether or not they know quite how or why), grounded in Chris Hackley's real and recent acquaintance with the practicalities of advertising, as well as its principles.... He minimises the inevitable jargon of linguistics and communication theory. His own language is always accurate and clear, and often engaging. The well managed flow from chapter to chapter sustains interest and enjoyment. I read the book from cover to cover in one sitting." - INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ADVERTISING"Professor Hackley's book provides a timely reminder to student and practitioner alike that advertising continues to play a key role in the successful planning and implementation of marketing communications. Underpinned by a series of topical and often thought-provoking illustrations, this work not only explains how advertising is developed, but also presents the discipline in the wider context of socio-cultural and linguistic research. Working from a practical advertising management basis, the text raises some key issues for advertising as focus for academic and intellectual study."- Chris Blackburn, The Business School, Oxford Brookes University, formerly Account Director at Foote, Cone & Belding, Leagas Delaney and Boase Massimi Pollitt "Dr Hackley has an uncommon approach to advertising. His book combines the abstract theory of advertising and its effects with a hard-nosed practical approach. It is a guide to understanding and appreciating advertising and a way to understand how and why advertising works or why it does not. I think that this book is a fine text for students. Even more, it deserves to be read by advertising practitioners."- Arthur J. Kover, former editor of the Journal of Advertising Research, Management Fellow at the Yale School of Management Advertising and Promotion is not only a detailed and insightful account of how advertising is created; the book also explains how advertising comes to cast its all-enveloping shadow over contemporary consumer culture. Many case examples drawn from major international campaigns are used to illustrate the power of advertising to portray brand `personalities' in terms that resonate with consumers across many cultures. It contains detailed coverage of the major areas of advertising and marketing communications but it is not a simplistic treatment. Advertising and Promotion takes a novel intellectual approach and draws on concepts from the wider humanities and social sciences to cast fresh light on an over-familiar subject matter. It uniquely combines detailed case information, current research and lively topical issues to offer an authoritative and comprehensive account of advertising's pre-eminent role in contemporary marketing communications. It is an advanced student text, a reflective practitioner's handbook and an insightful account for the general reader.	2005-02-16	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781412953658	Introduction to Criminology,Theories, Methods, and Criminal Behavior	Frank E. Hagan		"After reviewing dozens of books, this text provided the best basic foundation and the study website is excellent."-Michelle Ronda, Marymount Manhattan College The Sixth Edition of Introduction to Criminology: Theories, Methods, and Criminal Behavior is a comprehensive introduction to the study of criminology, with a chapter devoted to the criminal justice system. Valued and admired for the author's easy-to-read writing style and the text's overall accessibility, this book concentrates on the vital core of criminological theory-theory, method, and criminal behavior-and successfully avoids an overly legal or crime control orientation. Updated throughout and with a visually engaging new two-color design, the Sixth Edition investigates all major forms of criminal activity, including organized crime, white collar crime, political crime, and environmental crime. Author Frank E. Hagan explains the methods of operation, the effects on society, and how various theories account for criminal behavior. New to the Sixth Edition Offers expanded treatment of theory: An additional theory chapter (Chapter 5) explores psychological and biological theories, and the author has provided additional coverage of Developmental/Life Course theory in Chapter 6. Presents expanded detail on many types of crime: The book features comprehensive treatment of all crime typologies. Provides broader coverage of crime in its various forms: With major coverage of white collar, political, and organized crime, the text fully addresses topics such as Warez software piracy, spies, assassins, new organized crime groups, and major corporate scandals. Incorporates updated and new Crime Files and In the News boxes: New captivating examples include the Virginia Tech shootings; the BTK killer; Washington, DC snipers; Red Lake Massacre; and the Hanssen Spy case. Includes a new final chapter on the criminal justice system (Chapter 14): This chapter provides a brief overview to acquaint students who have not had a separate course on the justice system. Features an updated photo program: Contemporary visual representations bring to life the theories and crime typologies covered in the text. Accompanied by High Quality Ancillaries Student Study Site at www.sagepub.com/haganstudy: The study site includes self-quizzes, links to interesting and useful audio and video files (NPR and PBS radio archives, Frontline videos), carefully selected journal articles, Web research exercises, E-flashcards, and more. Instructors' Resources on CD-ROM: include a computerized test bank, PowerPoint slides for each chapter, classroom activities, and more. Qualified instructors can request a copy by contacting SAGE Customer Care at 1.800.818.7243 (6am-5pm PT).Intended AudienceThis is an excellent text for undergraduate courses such as Criminology, Deviant Behavior, and Crime and Society in departments of criminal justice, criminology, and sociology.	2007-08-24	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788132102311	Journalism : Principles And Practice	Tony Harcup		This is the indispensable guide to the theory and practice of journalism. This Second Edition thoroughly addresses the converged nature of much 21st century journalism, with discussion and examples of online practice embedded throughout to represent the reality that online journalism is increasingly part of the job for all journalists.New and improved features include: - thorough updates with 25 per cent more material - a new chapter on telling stories through pictures, whether on TV or online - fresh examples reflecting todays multimedia journalistic practice - more insights from online journalists on blogging, the use of video and audio on the web, interactive maps and other ways of doing journalism online.This new edition embraces the new without abandoning the fundamentals of what journalism is all about. It will continue to inspire students of journalism to reflect on everyday practice and connect it to academic debate.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803979680	J.L. Moreno	A Paul Hare&Alexander Paul Hare&June Rabson Hare		J. L. Moreno, the founder of sociodrama and sociometry, is best known for the impact he had on group psychotherapy, out of which he created psychodrama. This is now one of the most important and popular of the 'creative' therapies, and is widely practised throughout the world. The concept of 'role' was central to Moreno's theory and throughout his life he played many himself. A. Paul Hare and June Rabson Hare describe a man who was, among other things, a psychiatrist, dramatist, theologian, inventor and educator, and who made significant contributions in all of these areas in addition to his major influence on social science and group psychotherapy. Just as Moreno's life covered a wide range of activities, his theoretical and practical contributions to therapy cover an equally broad spectrum. This book draws together and clarifies the most important of the concepts and applications of Moreno's work, presenting and successfully rebutting the criticism some of his theories have attracted. Providing a fascinating and accessible introduction to the life and work of J. L. Moreno, as well as to the principles and practice of psychodrama, this book will be essential reading for counsellors, psychotherapists and all those interested in drama therapy and psychodrama.	1996	Sage						ZZZ000000
9788178292885	Practical micro-finance,a training guide for South Asia	Malcolm Harper		This immensely practical manual is designed to improve the quality and content of micro-finance training programmes, and thereby contribute to the greater availability of affordable, accessible, and mutually profitable financial services to the poor. Malcolm Harper provides step-by-step descriptions for 22 training sessions spread over ten days. He covers all the important topics including sustainability, interest rates, gender issues, delivery methods, impact assessment, and delinquency management. The author includes case studies, quantitative exercises, and suggestions for field visits.	2003-09-01	Vistaar Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761943938	The handbook of public affairs	Phil Harris&Craig S. Fleisher		"When the next generation of public affairs practitioners look back to the beginning of the twenty first century they will recognise the 'Handbook of Public Affairs' as the cornerstone text on which global practice came to be based" - Tom Spencer, Executive Director, European Centre for Public Affairs "Excelling in the practice of corporate public affairs in the 21st Century will necessitate bringing together two competencies: possessing a solid professional foundation base don time-tested principles, and having the ability to reach beyond the basics by adapting the best current thinking, practices, and models available. Professionals can enhance both competencies by reading the Handbook of Public Affairs"- Brian Hawkinson, Director Center for Public Affairs Management/Public Affairs Council Washington "Understanding the imperatives of stakeholders and special interest groups in the public domain is of increasing importance to leaders in both business and politics. However, knowing how to influence these imperatives, and design communications to proactively affect change, is a well sought-after commodity. Public affairs professionals not only understand these dynamics, but constantly strive to ensure continuous improvement in the counsel they provide and in the results they deliver. As more and more people in business, government, NGO and not-for-profit sectors are seeking out the services of public affairs practitioners, this Handbook will help readers gain a better appreciation for strategies and tactics that comprise successful public affairs campaigns'"- Chris Benedetti, President, Public Affairs Association of Canada "The Handbook is a landmark development in the field of Public Affairs, bringing together in a single volume contributions from key academics and practitioners in the field. It offers a comprehensive overview of the field for the first time and is an essential reference book to underpin practice, teaching and research in the discipline'"- Professor Andrew Lock, Leeds University Business School 'The Handbook of Public Affairs is a comprehensive guide to best knowledge and practices in the field. Everyone - from business school deans to chief executive officers to seasoned public affairs executives - can find information in the Handbook of Public Affairs to help them achieve their reputation- and public policy-related goals'"- Douglas G. Pinkham, President, Public Affairs Council "For years, there has been a glaring lack of substantive academic literature to underpin the development of the public affairs profession. Throughout his distinguished career, Craig Fleisher has made a vast contribution to filling that void. In the Handbook of Public Affairs, Craig and his co-editor Phil Harris, have brought together the best minds in the field from around the globe to create a text that will surely support the development of new programs and new careers for the public affairs practitioners of tomorrow'"-Randall Pearce, General Manager Ipsos Mackay Public Affairs, Sydney"The Handbook of Public Affairs will be a valuable resource for the growing number of public affairs practitioners who seek to balance an appreciation of the global evolution of their profession with the hands-on' reality of applying core concepts and theories to their organisation's management practices"- Alexis Lindsay, Director, The Centre for Corporate Public Affairs (Australia) Public Affairs and particularly government relations//lobbying, have evolved in recent years from a tactic adopted by organizations to amend occasional legislation to become a managerial strategy to achieve competitive advantage. At the fore-front of research and practice in Public Affairs, this Handbook draws upon the expertise of leading figures in the field to provide a comprehensive overview of a huge growth area in organisations' strategic thinking. Articles evoke pan-national experience and are organised into four sections to help readers navigate issues and draw comparisons. Sections cover: - investigation into the development and meaning of Public Affairs - the management and practice of Public Affairs within organisations - global case studies - an overview of scholarly developments.	2005	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761959748	Doing a literature review,releasing the social science research imagination	Chris Hart		`This book can provide an excellent framework for bolstering what is often an experiential process - doing a literature review. It is best seen alongside the supervisor, as a guide, through the multidimensional sea of academic literature' - British Educational Research Journal`I have been waiting for this book for five years. It sets out a number of important dimensions involved in the process of literature review and by clear signposting, diagrams, and examples will help the student to carry out her or his review more systematically. Learning how to carry out a literature review has always entailed the experiential. While this is a the best way of learning, it is only so providing that learning actually takes place during the experience (or by reflection afterwards). This book makes explicit those dimensions which could remain implicit or even missed by the student as they wade through all those books, papers, articles, and print-outs' - Kevin Maguire, Nottingham Trent UniversityReviewing the literature for a research project can seem a daunting, even overwhelming task. New researchers, in particular, wonder: Where do I start? What do I do? How do I do it? This text offers students across the social sciences and humanities a practical and comprehensive guide to writing a literature review. Chris Hart offers invaluable advice on how to: search out existing knowledge on a topic; analyze arguments and ideas; map ideas, arguments and perspectives; produce a literature review; and construct a case for investigating a topic.The book contains examples of how to cite references, structure a research proposal and present a Master's thesis. It is published as a Set Book for The Open University Postgraduate Foundation Module (D820) The Challenge of the Social Sciences.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178295060	Doing Your Masters Dissertation : Realizing Your Potential As A Social Scientist	Hart		If you are about to embark on your Masters dissertation but don`t quite know where to begin, then this is just the book for you. For, it will show you just how to write an excellent dissertation. A clear and comprehensive guide to the practicalities of researching, preparing and writing a Masters dissertation, the book also includes materials and comments aimed at engendering higher-level scholarship based on reflection, contemplation and critical thinking.Providing clarity by covering the essential `nuts and bolts` of research, this immensely practical text:- gives clear definitions of the nature and scope of the three main types of Masters dissertationthe traditional, the work-based, and the literature review-based.- contains numerous examples and illustrations on how to tackle both the technical and the intellectual aspects of constructing a dissertation.- demonstrates the techniques that can be used to identify a topic and formulate a clear research problem capable of resulting in a dissertation.- shows how to identify a topic, formulate a research question and hypothesise.- suggests ways of dealing with ethical issues and sensitive situations, including working with your supervisor.- provides succinct guidance on how to write the many different sections of your dissertation.- lists texts and Internet sources for data collection techniques and data analysis.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761953920	Organization-representation,work and organization in popular culture	John Hassard&Ruth Holliday		The representation of organizations and working life in the popular media signifies, but also helps shape, contemporary practice and institutions. Organization-Representation unravels the complex social relationship between organization and its representation, offering new insights into the interaction between the popular images we create and receive, and the power relations that govern society, working life and culture. Representations in Hollywood movies, ethnographic and documentary films, children's literature and the popular and `quality' press replicate the power structures they supposedly describe and consequently help shape contemporary realities. This volume offers rich insights into the relations between cu	1998	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781412940672	Diversity and society,race, ethnicity, and gender	Joseph F. Healey		Derived from the Fourth Edition of Joseph F. Healeys best-selling text Race, Ethnicity, Gender, and Class , the Second Edition of Diversity & Society: Race, Ethnicity, and Gender provides an accessible, jargon-free, sociological analysis of U.S. minority groups. Updated throughout, this abbreviated edition retains the conceptual frameworks and organizational format of the larger version, and is the only brief text to present a unitary sociological frame of reference for the analysis of minority-dominant relations. New to the Second Edition Includes new coverage of minority groups and current issues: A new chapter (Chapter 9) on "new Americans" has been added, and this edition addresses new issues such as illegal immigration. Expands the material on "whiteness" and gender: Coverage of mixed race individuals and white racial identity is further developed. In addition, the material on gender, previously presented in boxed inserts, is now incorporated into chapter discussion. Provides the most up-to-date information and data: The Second Edition updates the research literature as well as the charts, graphs, and tables with recent information and data, while maintaining its student-friendly style. Ancillaries! An Instructors Manual on CD-ROM provides instructors with examination questions, additional background material on discussion questions in the text, and other helpful aids. A student study site at www.pineforge.com/das2 offers: NPRs This American Life radio segments that illustrate each chapters concepts e-Flashcards Self quizzes, web exercises, Public sociology assignments, and more! Intended Audience: This text is designed for undergraduate courses in Minority Groups, Race and Gender, and Immigration taught in the departments of Sociology, Social Work, and Political Science. It can be used as a stand-alone text or in conjunction with Joseph F. Healeys and Eileen T. OBriens companion reader, Race, Ethnicity, and Gender: Selected Readings, Second Edition (2007).	2006-11-28	Pine Forge Press						ZZZ000000
9780761986003	Exploring social issues,using SPSS for Windows 95, versions 7.5, 8.0, or higher	Joseph F. Healey&Earl R. Babbie&John Boli		This revised edition guides users of SPSS for Windows 95 and, like its predecessor, helps teach students how to `do' social science, by showing how compelling social issues can be explored by analyzing social data. The book is written specifically for beginning research students and is accompanied by a data disk. It stresses active learning, as students are guided step-by-step through the exercises. No previous experience with computers, Windows, SPSS, statistics, or social research is required. An Instructor's Manual is available to lecturers who adopt the book, and request it on their institution's letterhead.	1998-09	Pine Forge Press						ZZZ000000
9780803957589	Learning and memory of knowledge and skills,durability and specificity	Alice F. Healy&Lyle Eugene Bourne		Why do people forget some skills faster than others? What kind of training is most effective at getting people to retain new skills over a longer period of time?  Cognitive psychologists address these questions in this volume by analyzing the results of experiments which used a wide variety of perceptual, cognitive and motoric training tasks. Studies reported on include: the Stroop effect; mental calculation; vocabulary retention; contextual interference effects; autobiographical memory; target detection; and specificity and transfer in choice reaction time tasks. Each chapter explores the extent to which reinstatement of training procedures during retention and transfer tests accounts for both durability and specificity of	1995	Sage Publicatins						ZZZ000000
9788178296340	Implementing And Managing Egovernment,An International Text	Richard Heeks		This book provides comprehensive coverage of the e-government issues faced by public officials, managers and consultants. Divided into two sections, the first draws on international examples to guide readers through crucial e-government management issues such as the management of strategy and projects; quality; people, money and policies; and dealing with political and ethical challenges. The second section focuses on the implementation of e-government systems. It explores activities such as feasibility studies, system analysis, system design, construction and marketing./-//-/The key features of this textbook include /-/- case studies drawn from across the globe; /-/- instructive diagrams and synoptic models; /-/- short in-class activities; /-/- assignment questions; and /-/- practice-based exercises.	2005-11-01	Sage Pubns						POL040020
9780761902676	Families and the mental health system for children and adolescents,policy, services, and research	Craig Anne Heflinger&Carol T. Nixon		This volume describes a myriad of policy, research and practice issues related to families of children with serious emotional disorders. It centres on families' direct and indirect roles in children's mental health services - for example, families can determine if and when the child enters treatment, and they can provide the context within which all therapeutic gains are played out.The contributors discuss: family-centred service delivery characteristics and strategies; society's role in strengthening the family and preventing emotional disorders in children and young people; supports for and barriers to parent-professional partnerships; the complexities of assessing family functioning; and culturally sensitive service del	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178296456	A Short Introduction to Social Research	Matt Henn&Mark Weinstein&Nick Foard		This book introduces students and researchers to the key ideas and issues that inform research practice. An invaluable guide for the first time researcher embarking on his/her own small-scale research project, it provides answers to the following questions:/-//-/ - What is social research, and why do we conduct it?/-/ - What is or is not acceptable knowledge about the social world?/-/ - What are (and are not) the acceptable methods for acquiring social knowledge?/-/ - What are the primary debates about the relative merits and weaknesses of quantitative and qualitative research styles?/-/ - To what extent is it possible to combine methods in a single research study?/-/ - Can, and should, social research ever be objective and value-free?/-/ - How can we ensure that our research methods are ethical, valid and reliable?/-/ - What are the possible consequences of our research project, and might it affect the world around us?/-//-/Superbly written, this is the essential guide to the theory and practice of research, and to the best ways of planning and managing research.	2006-02-01	Sage Pubns						ZZZ000000
9780803963238	To be a teacher,voices from the classroom	Eric Henry		The observations of four teachers assigned to a middle school in the United States for a year's teaching experience are recounted in this book. Their accounts reflect the idealism, enthusiasm, commitment and trepidation shared by the body of student teachers, offering a deep understanding of what teaching is about and why teachers continue in a profession often filled with difficulties.	1995-07-05	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803953604	AIDS, identity, and community,the HIV epidemic and lesbians and gay men	Gregory M. Herek&Beverly Greene&Society for the Psychological Study of Lesbian and Gay Issues		The gay community has been hit hard by the AIDS epidemic in the United States and in much of Europe; as a result, the gay and lesbian community has been forced to examine existing notions of what it means to be gay and to belong to a community based on sexual orientation.This book explores gay and lesbian sexual behaviour, personal identity and community membership from diverse perspectives. Chapters report the authors' own AIDS-related research and include discussions of AIDS in both large urban centres, such as New York and San Francisco, and in less populated settings outside the AIDS epicentres. Contributors also examine issues related to public policy, volunteerism and long-term survival.	1995-05-09	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803987289	Feeling and personhood,psychology in another key	John Heron		John Heron presents a radical new theory of the person in which feeling, differentiated from emotion, becomes the distinctive feature of personhood. The book explores the applications of Heron's ideas to living and learning and includes numerous experiential exercises.Central to Heron's analysis are interrelationships between four basic psychological modes - affective, imaginal, conceptual and practical. In particular, feeling is seen as the ground and potential from which all other aspects of the psyche emerge - emotion, intuition, imaging of all kinds, reason, discrimination, intention and action. The author also shows the fundamental relation of his ideas to theory and practice in transpersonal psychology and philosophy, and examines the implications of his theory for understanding and enhancing both formal and life learning.	1992-08-28	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761904731	African Americans and the public agenda,the paradoxes of public policy	Cedric Herring		Key issues surrounding race and public policy in North America are examined in this book. For example, who truly represents African Americans in the American political process? Why does there seem to be increased white resistance to programmes that seek to redress equality if white racism appears to be declining? And why do so many programmes which are intended to tackle inequality seem instead to exacerbate it? The contributors to this perceptive and timely volume shed light on these apparent paradoxes.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803927193	Analyzing gender,a handbook of social science research	Beth B. Hess&Myra Marx Ferree		Analyzing Gender is a major synthesis of current social sciences research on gender issues. This tightly edited collection of articles consolidates the current state of knowledge about the role of women in society. From a variety of disciplinary and theoretical perspectives, the contributors outline research findings relating to the issues facing women in contemporary society. Analyzing Gender will be an essential sourcebook for research on gender, sex roles and women's studies.	1987	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803961470	Creating safe schools,what principals can do	Marie Somers Hill&Frank William Hill		This practical volume explores the increasing problem of violence associated with gangs, weapons and drugs, within the school environment. The authors provide much-needed guidelines for principals seeking to ease fears experienced by both students and teachers and to improve safety in schools. Issues covered include: the involvement of students, parents and the wider community; designing secure buildings and grounds; policy implementation; and collaborative planning.	1994-09-07	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803980266	Sociology, from Crisis to Science?: The social reproduction of organization and culture	Ulf Himmelstrand		Volume 2, The Social Reproduction of Organization and Culture, is concerned with the sociology of organization, culture, social reproduction and communication.	1986	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803980259	The social reproduction of organization and culture	Ulf Himmelstrand			1986	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761958789	Patients, power & politics,from patients to citizens	Christine Hogg		`The author presents a plethora of infomation on users as individuals, their communities, research, healthcare markets and health service myths - old and new. It's a cool academic appraisal of where the power lies and how more might be shared with the patient' - Health Service Journal`Anything that helps us to understand the complexities of healthcare provision and what issues are important to users is therefore helpful. I welcome Christine Hogg's excellent summary of the issues raised by users about healthcare services. It clearly informs readers of the debates that need to take place and of the issues that healthcare practitioners should address in order to better serve their users.... So read the book to gain a better understanding of some of the issues that users feel strongly about' - British Medical JournalMaking an original contribution to debates on health policy, this accessible and engaging book critically examines the future of health care and public health policy from the perspective of users and citizens. Consumerism, partnerships with patients and user involvement are seen as key to future health care and healthy public policies.The book outlines how individuals as patients, healthy people and research subjects relate to health services and how the public, as citizens, influence health care and public policies at local, national and international levels.	1999	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761966364	The Sage handbook of social psychology	Michael A. Hogg&Joel Cooper		"This volume is everthing one would want from a one-volume handbook of social psychology or, indeed, of any scientific discipline. Comprehensive in scope, authoritative, clearly written, and detailed, it covers not only the usual topics one would expect in such a survey--history, methodology, social cognition, emotions, interpersonal relations and relationships, and group processes, both positive and negative--but also those especially relevant to social psychology as it enters its second century. The volume is edited by two of the most prominent social psychologists in their own right, and the list of contributors is a veritable who's who of the discipline but also includes a number of younger and non-US-based scholars. Essential. No library should be without this book." --CHOICE This is a comprehensive, scholarly, up-to-date survey of the field of social psychology for the new millennium - a single volume Handbook containing 23 chapters by leading researchers from around the world. It is a state of the art text with an eye to the future, in which rich integrative chapters are thorough analytic reviews. The chapters fall into 5 sections that reflect the scope of social psychology as a global scientific endeavour - history and nature of social psychology, individual processes, interpersonal processes, processes within groups, and intergroup processes and society. The book is edited by Michael Hogg and Joel Cooper, with Dominic Abrams, Elliot Aronson, and Shelley Taylor acting as advisory editors. The main featu	2003	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781412904148	Employment relations in the United States,law, policy, and practice	Raymond L. Hogler		Employment is closely connected to wealth, status, and security and is therefore a subject of interest across a range of academic disciplines. Employment Relations in the United States incorporates a wealth of research material from these different specialties to provide a historical perspective on the American workplace and the evolution of legal policies affecting employment. The analysis follows both a chronological and thematic arrangement, beginning with the importance of management practices, the growth of labor organizations and the impact of collective bargaining on employment institutions, and the subsequent rise of individual employment rights enforced through administrative and judicial means. Through its evolutionary approach, the book explains the fragmented, overlapping, and conceptually confusing regulatory environment governing workplace relations. It offers an integrated approach to such important contemporary policy issues as health care coverage, pensions, and effective dispute procedures. The book provides an analytical framework for an understanding of the unique nature of our labor markets and the role of government, employers, and unions. Key Features  Provides students with the historical background they need to understand how the U.S. system developed and how it differs from systems in other industrialized nations Discusses individual employment rights, including protection from discrimination Covers current policy issues in employment, including raising the minimum wage, the growth of a contingent workforce, and privatizing retirement Offers a unique historical and evolutionary explanation of the nature of employment relations  As a general overview of contemporary employment relations, Employment Relations in the United States is a perfect supplement to college courses in employment law, human resource management, and collective bargaining. Human resource managers, mediators, and professionals involved in labor relations will also find this an essential reference.	2004	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761960171	The politics of English,a Marxist view of language	Marnie Holborow		`A very welcome and much-needed broadening of current theoretical perspectives' - Professor Norman Fairclough, University of Lancaster  This book offers a major reappraisal of the role of language in the social world. Focusing on three main areas - the global spread of English; Standard English; and language and sexism - The Politics of English: examines World English in relation to international capitalism and colonialism; analyzes the ideological underpinnings of the debate about Standard English; and locates sexism in language as arising from social relations. Locating itself in the classical Marxist tradition, this book shows how language is both shaped by, and contributes to social life.	1999	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803951334	Other cultures, elder years	Ellen Rhoads Holmes&Lowell Don Holmes		This fully revised Second Edition of Other Cultures, Elder Years is not only the textbook on the anthropology of aging, but also the most comprehensive, comparative study available on worldwide patterns of ageing.  `Provides an excellent summary of secondary sources, avoiding extensive review of primary research, complicated theory, and methodological issues' - Clinical Gerontologist	1995	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761925941	Profiling violent crimes,an investigative tool	Ronald M. Holmes&Stephen T. Holmes		The Third Edition of this bestseller is a thorough revision. New chapters cover criminal behavior theories and psychological profiling; autoerotic deaths, and occult crimes, plus two new chapters detailing infamous unsolved crimes/criminals: Jack the Ripper and the Jon Benet Ramsey case. The authors' continuing research and activities in the field result in a multitude of new case studies for this book, often included as boxed inserts. This is a textbook that is a vital resource for students in criminology and criminal justice, or as a tool for criminal justice professionals and researchers. Profiling Violent Crimes, Third Edition contributes significantly to the knowledge about violent personalities and behaviors.	2002-03-12	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803977426	Rewards at the top,a comparative study of high public office	Christopher Hood&B. Guy Peters		This volume examines how those at the top in public life are rewarded. Contributors look at contemporary experience in Europe and the United States and examine: How much public officials are paid in different countries; who decides their reward and how they decide; how reward structures interact with career patterns; and how variations are to be explained. Rewards at the Top provides a thorough and comprehensive analysis of this important topic and makes fascinating reading.	1994	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761952985	The needs of counsellors and psychotherapists	Ian Horton&Ved P. Varma		`This book covers a significant gap in the relatively spare literature on the person of the counsellor... the chapters... are written in an easy and accessible style' - Counselling, The Journal of the British Association for Counselling  `This book... covers a wide range of topics, including complex matters such as social, cultural, intellectual and personal needs... It is an interesting trot round some very important topics' - Self & Society   In this powerful book, leading counsellors and psychotherapists discuss the emotional, physical, social and professional needs of people who work, or would like to work, in a therapeutic setting, and examine how those needs can be be	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803964877	Creating nongraded K-3 classrooms,teachers' stories and lessons learned	Ric A. Hovda&Diane Wells Kyle&Ellen McIntyre		Many schools in the United States are considering moving from traditional, skill-based instruction to child-centred instruction in nongraded, primary classrooms. This book describes nongraded, primary programmes that illustrate developmentally appropriate practices for teaching young children. Seven critical attributes to these programmes are examined including multiage//multiability grouping, professional teamwork, positive parental involvement and authentic assessment.	1996	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781412969031	Poverty Is NOT a Learning Disability,Equalizing Opportunities for Low SES Students	Tish Howard&Sandy Grogan Dresser&Dennis R. Dunklee		These strategies, training resources, and more help improve the performance of students of low socioeconomic status by preventing their misidentification as learning disabled and supporting school-readiness skills.	2009-09	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178293998	The Necessary Nature Of Future Firms : Attributes Of Survivors In A Changing World	Huber		The business environment in which organizations operate is now changing rapidly, and will change even more rapidly in the future. Survival for firms today therefore depends on the ability to anticipate and respond to these changes. The Necessary Nature of Future Firms is an insightful look into the landscape of the dynamic business of the future. It describes this landscape clearly and credibly and makes explicit the organizational attributes and management practices firms must possess to be among the ranks of the `future firms`	2004-06-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761957522	Divided Europe,society and territory	Ray Hudson&Allan M. Williams		The deepening social and territorial divisions within Europe are examined in this comprehensive and authoritative book. Using a global perspective, the contributors argue that social and territorial cleavages are inextricably linked, and that only a detailed examination of economic, political and geographical differences can lead to a clearer understanding of the social tensions and inequalities that exist across Europe. Topics covered include: gender; age; social integration; citizenship; and migration and race in Europe's complex and changing territorial system.	1999	SAGE Publication						ZZZ000000
9780761956570	Time-limited therapy in a general practice setting,how to help within six sessions	Glyn Hudson-Allez		`[An] excellent book... an important source of learning, bringing clarity and insight into often isolated areas' - Counselling in Medical Settings (CMS) Journal`Glyn Hudson-Allez's book is very well researched and clearly written... time-limited therapy is an effective and professional means of offering practical help and the book is highly recommended reading for all counsellors wishing to work in this way' - Family PracticeAs general practitioners are increasingly capping provision of counselling sessions, time-limited therapy skills are becoming ever-more important to counsellors working alongside GPs. Time-limited therapy provides a specific set of skills which enable counsellors to cope successfully with the large number and wide range of referrals they can receive in primary care settings.This book covers both difficulties commonly presented in primary care, such as anxiety, stress, bereavement and depression, and problems not usually considered appropriate for working within a time-limited framework - such as eating disorders, medical complaints and abuse: the author shows that clients with such problems can also be helped effectively.Integrating counselling skills with psychological knowledge, Glyn Hudson-Allez outlines the psychological and physical aspects of each problem and provides concise guidelines, with illustrative case studies, on how time-limited therapy can be used efficiently in each case. She also discusses the administration and evaluation of a counselling service within primary care.	1997	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761955153	International political theory,rethinking ethics in a global era	Kimberly Hutchings		`A lucid, comprehensive analysis of normative approaches to international relations, and an original contribution to critical theory' -  Andrew Linklater, University of Keele  `Hutchings combines a valuable account of the current state of the art with a lucid expositon of her own, highly distinctive, position. This will be required reading for students in international political theory, and indeed anyone interested in normative issues in international relations' - Chris Brown, London School of Economics and Political Science  Providing an invaluable overview of the competing schools of thought in traditional and contemporary international theory, this book seeks to path the way forward for new ways of thinking about international political morality.  First, the role and place of normative theory in the study of international politics is explained before a discussion of mainstream approaches within international relations and applied ethics. Here the student is introduced to the central debates between realists and idealists, and cosmopolitans and communitarians.  Second, the conceptual challenges of contemporary approaches in critical theory, postmodernism and feminism are outlined and then used as a platform to develop the author's own Hegelian-Foucauldian approach for doing normative international theory.  Third, the insights drawn from each approach are applied to the study of two key topics in contemporary theoretical debate: the right to self-determination, and the idea of cosmopolitan democracy, and conclusions drawn for transcending the theoretical deadlock in international relations.   Accessibly written and wide-ranging, this text will quickly become essential reading for all students and academics of politics and international relations seeking a deeper understanding of the underlying tensions and future potential of international theory today.	1999	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9781904315315	Creating a Dynamic Classroom,A Programme to Develop Co-Operative Behaviour for 9 to 14 Year Olds	Michael Hymans		`Easily accessible, it has excellent resources (enhanced by the inclusion of a CD disc which will print out your worksheets for you) and the activities are highly relevant. One such is active listening' - whereby students are taught how to listen using body language, silence, summarizing and re-stating - these are communication skills that we could all benefit from learning, not least those who are seated in the House of Commons debating chamber' - Nurturing Potential  A lack of social and emotional competence can prevent the development of meaningful relationships and can contribute to low self-esteem, aggressiveness and depression. This programme provides a clear structure to assist teachers to develop in student groups:  } open communication and co-operation  } decision-making  } confronting problems effectively  } acceptance of others  } responsibility for ones own learning and behaviour.   This 20-session programme motivates young people to:  } participate actively in learning  } behave more appropriately  } co-operate more effectively.	2004-05-11	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761962250	British urban policy,an evaluation of the urban development corporations	Robert Imrie&Huw Thomas		This updated edition of British Urban Policy and the Urban Development Corporations provides a comprehensive account of the policies, programmes, and effects of one of the most controversial urban policy programmes ever brought to bear upon British cities. The authors place the policies and practices of the urban development corporations (UDCs) in the wider sociopolitical context of evolving urban policy; present case studies of eight UDCs; and explore the legacies of the UDCs and the evolving framework for urban policy into the millennium.	1999-06-22	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853962738	Disability and the city,international perspectives	Rob Imrie		People with disabilities are one of the poorest groups in Western societies. In particular, they lack power, education and opportunities. For most disabled people, their daily reality is dependence on a carer, while trying to survive on state welfare payments. The dominant societal stereotype of disability as a pitiful' state reinforces the view that people with disabilities are somehow less than human'. In taking exception to these, and related, conceptions of disability, this book explores one of the crucial contexts within which the marginal status of disabled people is experienced: the interrelationships between disability, physical access, and the built environment. The author seeks to  explore some of the critical processes underpinning the social construction and production of disability as a state of marginalization and oppression in the built environment. These concerns are interwoven with a discussion of the changing role of the state in defining, categorising, and (re)producing states of disablement' for people with disabilities.  Focusing primarily on the United Kingdom, although with a substantial discussion of disability and access issues in the USA, the book also considers the role of the design professionals', architects, planners, and building control officers, in the construction of specific spaces and places, which, literally, lock people with disabilities out'. From the shattered paving stones along the high street, to the absence of induction loops in a civic building, people with disabilities daily negotiate through hostile environments. Using a range of empirical material, the book documents how the environmental planning system in the United Kingdom is attempting to address the inaccessible nature of the built environment for people with disabilities, while discussing how disabled people are contesting the constraints placed upon their mobility.  The book draws on a range of ideas from geography, sociology, and environmental planning and reflects the emergent interest in planning schools with equal opportunity issues and planning for minority groups. It will be relevant to final year geography, planning, and architecture courses and postgraduate planning courses.	1996-05-28	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803971264	Family mediation,contemporary issues	Howard H. Irving&Michael Benjamin		As divorce rates rise, family mediation represents an alternative way of making settlements without involving an already overburdened judicial system. This book presents a discussion of the current North American trends in the burgeoning field of family mediation by featuring both a review of the literature and a model for family mediation practice.The practice model presented here, Therapeutic Family Mediation, stresses an ecological perspective, and considers the feminist critique of the mediation process. The authors also address mediation's role in the important issues of joint custody, ethnicity, and child protection. Future directions in family mediation are examined in the final part.	1995-07-19	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803985964	D.W. Winnicott	Michael Jacobs		`The importance of Michael Jacobs' book lies in his attempt to convey... Winnicott's profound influence... Jacobs rightly delights in the creativity and imagination of his subject and illustrates these with numerous quotations and descriptions from Winnicott's writings... What is conveyed throughout the book is the essence of Winnicott... [whose] gift was to make psychoanalytic language, methods and concepts more widely available, accepted and appreciated to a non-psychoanalytic world' - British Psychological Society Counselling Psychology Review  One of the best-known British psychoanalysts, D W Winnicott attracts the interest of counsellors and psychotherapists far beyond the strict psychoanalytic tradition i	1995-12-29	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803964549	Transforming schools and schools of education,a new vision for preparing educators	Stephen L. Jacobson		This book is about educational change and argues for simultaneous transformation of elementary, secondary and tertiary education on the grounds that it is impossible to change any one part of the education system in isolation.	1998	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803964556	Transforming schools and schools of education,a new vision for preparing educators	Stephen L. Jacobson		This book is about educational change and argues for simultaneous transformation of elementary, secondary and tertiary education on the grounds that it is impossible to change any one part of the education system in isolation.	1998	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761997870	Narratives from the women's studies family,recreating knowledge	Devaki Jain&Pam Rajput		This unique volume brings together the personal accounts of 17 scholars and activists who have initiated and/or nurtured centres for womens studies. The heterogeneous group represented here covers the entire range of the womens studies family in India. The contributors highlight the inroads that womens studies has made to the knowledge base in the social and material sciences and where it has inspired a shift in policy or a change in curriculum.	2003-03-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803959484	Constructive conflict management,Asia-Pacific cases	Fred Edmund Jandt&Paul Pedersen		How did environmental groups and a multinational company agree to halt logging operations in a Korean old-growth forest? How did the families of a Muslim woman and a Hindu man resolve a crisis in the couple's relationship? How did the government of China manage a copyright infringement case between a Japanese company and a Chinese business? Different cultures employ a wide range of styles in managing conflict. Using cases drawn from the Asian and Pacific Island area, this unique volume examines how conflict within and between cultures can be successfully mediated on the micro (businesses and individuals) level, and how this success can be applied to the macro (government and nongovernment organizations) level. In Constructive Conflict Management the editors present models for conflict management in a cultural context, and apply those models to 24 wide-ranging cases. The cases cover a variety of conflict types: regional/cultural, nuclear family, extended family, land and environmental, neighborhood disputes, and those involving indigenous peoples. The book reveals how culture can provide a positive resource, rather than a barrier, for the mediation of multicultural conflict.	1996-03-26	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803964501	Finding corporate resources,maximizing school/business partnerships	Gayle Jasso		Practical and user-friendly, this volume offers guidance to schools and school districts regarding 12 kinds of resources (including money) that corporations and local businesses can make available to the community in the United States. The author discusses the pros and cons of acquiring and using each resource, and explains how to forge lasting working relationships with the corporations to foster future contributions.	1996-03-28	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761978183	Savvy decision making,an administrator's guide to using focus groups in schools	Madhavi Jayanthi&Janet S. Nelson		This easy-to-implement, step-by-step guide can help administrators and teachers design and run effective focus groups as well as analyze and report the information they generate.	2002	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761932185	The Indian diaspora,dynamics of migration	N. Jayaram&Yogesh Atal		`Jayaram provides a well-presented overview of the patterns of emigration from India, highlighting the key disciplinary perspectives and strategic approaches.... The papers provide a very valuable contribution to the literature on the Indian diaspora and are a useful addition to one's collection' - The Journal of the Royal Anthropolgical Institute  The study of Indian diaspora has emerged as a rich and variegated area of multidisciplinary research interest. This volume brings together nine seminal articles by well-known scholars which deal with the empirical reality of Indian diaspora and the theoretical and methodological issues raised by it. Between them they cover a variety of important aspects such as asocial adjustment, family change, religion, language, ethnicity and culture.	2004-04-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781890460167	Attention Deficit Disorder	Eric P. Jensen			2006-03-14	Sage Pubns						ZZZ000000
9780761993377	Decentralization and local politics	Shree Nagesh Jha&Prakash Chand Mathur		Concentrating on developments since 1992, this book looks at the experience of democratic decentralization in India. The contributors examine the broader issues such as globalization and the requirements of a federal polity, and also present case studies of local outcomes.	1999-04-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761994190	The unorganised sector,work security and social protection	Renana Jhabvala&R. K. A. Subrahmanya		`[The Unorganised Sector] demonstrates the importance of adopting a holistic approach to the needs of poor women' - Jana Everett, Contemporary South Asia  This is a practical, experience-based analysis of existing government and non-government schemes which cover workers with no fixed employer or employment in India.	2000-09-06	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780304329359	Personal development in counsellor training	Hazel Johns		Personal development is a core element in counsellor training. This book is an essential guide to personal development and includes discussion about self-knowledge and its implications for different modes of counselling. It provides a clear analysis of techniques for promoting self-development and an examination of the specific gains to trainee counsellors of well-managed personal development work. The theoretical premises are supported with accounts of personal experience.  The invaluable insights contained in this unique book are relevant to counsellors, trainers, supervisors, psychotherapy trainers and trainees, and students of counsellor training courses.	1996-05	Cassell						ZZZ000000
9781853963278	Implementing the mathematics National Curriculum,policy, politics, and practice	David Carlton Johnson&Alison Millett		I strongly recommend this book to students of mathematics education as well as to teachers and members of the general public. It is an extremely comprehensive record of the implementation of The National Curriculum' - Equals`This is a well-written, clearly explained, jargon-free book, which I recommend to researchers, teachers, student-teachers, curriculum developers and even, or perhaps particularly, politicians! It deserves to play a prominent part in the continuing debate on improving mathematics teaching and learning' - Mathematics Education ReviewThis book gives a broad view of developing policy in the years leading up to The National Curriculum, with a close focus on the intricacies of policy implementation and review - ~friction at the interface'.The book examines with a two-year research study evaluating the implementation of The National Curriculum Mathematics at Key Stages 1, 2 and 3. The focus of the study was on primary and secondary teachers and their perceptions and actions in a period of major change brought about by the move to a statutory National Curriculum.	1996-03-28	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761908289	Minorities and girls in school,effects on achievement and performance	David Johnson		Although this country has a stake in educating its citizens well, for much of our history, we have not known in any scientific way what helps and what hinders the academic success of girls and minority group members. This book gives voice to four psychologists (Schofield, Slaughter-Defoe, Eccles, and Betz) who use scientific inquiry to understand what helps and what hinders the academic and life performance of minority students and girls. These are scientists who approach their subject matter with technical skill and personal passion to ask such questions as: What has desegregation accomplished? Can beneficial parent-child interactions be facilitated so as to improve school-related performance? Why are we seeing such low levels of achievement for girls and minorities in math and science? What stops women and minorities from choosing and completing majors in science and engineering? Each chapter represents an effort to communicate a vital area of scientific investigation to those in political life who could use that knowledge to formulate effective public policy. Near the end of each chapter are the questions that each of the authors was asked following the original briefing. These interchanges will show how policy makers begin to think about the use of scientific information in a political context.	1997-09-10	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803964372	Unlocking the will to learn	Christine A. Johnston		In this book Christine A Johnston discusses the Interactive Learning Model which uses the metaphor of a combination lock to describe the mechanisms involved in the will to learn. By aligning the three lock mechanisms (cognition//processing, conation//performing and affectation//developing), the will to learn and the power to learn is unlocked for the student.	1996-04-18	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761992714	Interrogating culture,critical perspectives on contemporary social theory	Sarah Joseph		Sarah Joseph critically analyzes various contemporary social and political theories including communitarian models of culture, Marx's views of culture and ideology, colonial discourse theory, and theories of modernity. She draws on the experience and political concerns of Third World societies like India in examining the relationship between culture and power while also exploring the political implications of communitarian interventions.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788170368243	Leadership Games : Experiential Learning For Organization Development	Kaagan			1999-06-08	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788178290263	New product planning	Kenneth B. Kahn		This book is a concise, comprehensive and balanced treatment of the field of new product planning which integrates product development and product management in a common framework. It describes the various initiatives that are necessary for successful product planning and addresses the strategic issues that emerge during the life cycle of a product./-//-/ From idea generation and evaluation to technical development, commercialization and eventual product dismissal, Kenneth Kahn provides key managerial insights and perspectives that can be readily applied to product planning. He describes and illustrates the various tools and techniques which are essential to the success of new products. Also discussed are all the important product planning issues, such as: /-/ - defining customer needs/-/ - translating the needs into technical specifications/-/ - generating concepts/-/ - evaluating results/-/ - developing marketing plans and market testing/-/ - product launch/-/ - brand management/-//-/Special topics covered include public policy, international issues and intellectual property. An interesting summary of the best practices of product development from several companies is provided at the end of the book.	2001-01-15	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178297316	100 Statistical Tests, 3E	Kanji		This expanded and updated edition of Gopal Kanjis best-selling resource on statistical tests provides unique coverage of the most commonly-used tests, with information on how to calculate and interpret results with simple datasets..Each entry begins with a short summary statement about the tests purpose, and contains details of the test objective, the limitations (or assumptions) involved, a brief outline of the method, a worked example, and the numerical calculation. New to the Third Edition:  - A new introduction to statistical testing with information to guide the reader through the book so that even non-statisticians can find information quickly and easily  - Real-world explanations of how and when to use each test, with examples drawn from a wide range of disciplines.  - A useful Classification of Tests table - All the relevant statistical tables for checking critical valuesThis book is the one indispensable guide for users of statistical materials and consumers of statistical information at all levels and across all disciplines.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761907756	Out of the darkness,contemporary perspectives on family violence	Glenda Kaufman Kantor&Jana L. Jasinski		Featuring cutting-edge information from the international arena, Out of the Darkness pulls together into one seminal volume the work of emerging scholars and key figures in the field. Edited by Glenda Kaufman Kantor and Jana Jasinski, this book provides a comprehensive and interdisciplinary package of the newest generation of investigation and theory. Professionals and researchers in child welfare, mental health, and criminal justice fields will want to read this book to keep up with the latest controversial topics; international studies; theory, methods, assessment, and interventions; and ethical and cultural issues related to both child and partner abuse. Chapters address pressing questions such as: Is wife abuse declining? Are child homicides increasing? Does couple treatment work in violent marriages? From this volume several noteworthy findings emerge, including the wide variations in the forms, types, and consequences of abuse; the need for support and change in both victim and batterer behaviors; the overdue move toward expertise and sensitivity when dealing with affected populations; and much more. Out of the Darkness makes a contribution to the field on a par with other classics. It is a must read for advanced students, researchers, practitioners, activists, and policymakers concerned with any or all aspects of family violence.	1997-07-18	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761993193	Management and cultural values,the indigenization of organizations in Asia	Henry S. R. Kao&Durganand Sinha&Bernhard Wilpert		Management and Cultural Values examines the influence of (culturally derived) social values on indigenous management practices and work activities.  The authors focus on Asian organizations which exemplify the successful blending of traditional social values, attitudes and institutional norms with the demands of techno-economic systems.	1999-06-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803964686	Teachers for the new millennium,aligning teacher development, national goals, and high standards for all students	Leonard Kaplan&Roy A. Edelfelt		Written to commemorate the National Congress on Teacher Education in the United States, this book describes the Congress' deliberations on questions of policy, practice and research regarding teacher preparation.	1996-07-30	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761996781	Learning disabilities in India,willing the mind to learn	Prathibha Karanth		This important volume, perhaps the first of its kind in India, brings together professionals from diverse fields who share their experiences of tackling the problem of Learning Disabilities (LD) in India. Highlighting the nuances and specificities of learning disabilities and disorders in the Indian context, the contributors cover a wide range of important issues, including:/-/- the neurological, psychiatric and neuropsychological aspects of LD/-/ - problems of language and reading acquisition in the bilingual and multilingual situation prevailing in India/-/ - issues of identification and assessment/-/ - speech and hearing issues, especially central auditory processing disorders and language deficits/-/ /-/The contributors also discuss the changing nature of the needs of children with LD, suggest remedies like primary prevention, stress the importance of integrating affected children in mainstream schools and argue for the need to create awareness about learning disorders.	2003-04-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412905251	Inclusion strategies that work!,research-based methods for the classroom	Toby J. Karten		Whether you are a general education or a special education K-12 teacher, this resource helps you understand and implement strategies for successful classroom inclusion.	2005	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803968578	Enhancing program quality in science and mathematics	Joyce S. Kaser		Focuses on teacher development, teacher research, student enrichment, and systemic programs that support improvements in science and mathematics education.	1999-07-28	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788132101703	Human Resource Information Systems : Basics, Applications, And Future Directions	Kavanagh			2009-03-30	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803962576	How to establish an alternative school	John Kellmayer		Despite the many `alternative' schools and programmes in the United States designed to redirect the lives of at-risk youth, the majority of these in fact serve to isolate and segregate. This challenging book presents a comprehensive plan for those interested in creating truly alternative educational programmes for this group. John Kellmayer outlines the key characteristics of alternative programmes, describes alternative models and explains how to implement and manage these programmes. He also provides strategies on how to empower teachers, involve students in their own education and evaluate alternative programmes.	1995-09-13	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803942158	The gendered economy,work, careers, and success	Rita Mae Kelly		The Gendered Economy provides a readable and comprehensive approach to understanding the leverage points for removing barriers in the labour market facing women. It provides new material on the gendered nature of the economy, behavioural styles and career strategies. It presents alternative frameworks for balancing the scales of justice so that women have an improved opportunity to gain career success in the labour force.	1991-07-31	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761932352	IT experience in India,bridging the digital divide	Kenneth Keniston&Deepak Kumar		Recent decades have seen an unprecedented growth in information and communication technologies (ICTs), ushering in what is commonly referred to as the `Information Age`. This book explores whether modern ICTs can deliver on their promises of democracy and prosperity for the people of developing nations who comprise 80 per cent of the worlds population. In order to do this, this volume uses lessons from the Indian experiencea country where information technology (IT) has made giant leaps, but which suffers from what has been described as multiple `digital divides`./-//-/The contributors explore four such closely interrelated divides. The first is internalbetween the digitally empowered rich and the poor. The second is a linguistic-cultural gap between English and other languages and between `Anglo-Saxon culture` and other world cultures. The next gap is underscored by disparities in access to information technology and between rich and poor nations. Finally, there is the phenomenon of the `digerati`. This is an affluent elite possessing the appropriate skills and means to take advantage of the ICTs.	2004-03-01	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803993532	Revisualizing boundaries,a plurilingual ethos	Lachman Mulchand Khubchandani		The prevailing paradigm of modern linguistic scholarship is based on the notion of conflict resolution, which makes it imperative to demolish one theory in favor of another. Revisualizing Boundaries sets out to create a new agenda that probes the contours of plurality consciousness in studies of language. Focusing on the strengths of complementary orientations, author Lachman M. Khubchandani examines areas ranging from methodological constructs, the role of minority languages and diglossia, to language modernizations and planning the role of language elites. Khubchandani also makes a strong case for moving away from the monolith of language traditions to a framework that places the boundaries of speech spectrums in a fluid transactional mode. Focusing on the dynamics of language as an institution, this unique study highlights the nonlinear characteristics of natural languageits openness and overlapping boundaries, which meet the demands of a fuzzy reality. This approach promotes a dialogue among those who treat language as an instrument of power and those who wish to move beyond narrow definitions to regard language as a synergetic network inspiring trust in cross-cultural settings. Lucidly written, Revisualizing Boundaries will be interest to all those involved with sociolinguistics, linguistic theory, cultural studies, and communication in a plural setting.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178295923	The Academic`S Guide To Publishing	Kitchin		This definitive guide to successfully publishing social science research demonstrates that completing a project is only the first phase of research. Dissemination is the second phase, and it requires specific skills and knowledge. The Academic`s Guide to Publishing explains the different ways in which research can be disseminated: in journals, books, reports, the Internet, popular media, and conferences; demonstrates how the structures, practices and procedures involved workmaking them easily understood and transparent; and situates research in the larger and changing context of higher education.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788178295718	Psychological Testing : A Practical Approach To Design And Evaluation	Kline		Psychological Testing offers a fresh and innovative approach to students and faculty in the fields of testing, measurement, psychometrics, research design, and related areas of study. Author Theresa Kline guides readers through the process of designing and evaluating a test, paying careful attention to ensure that the test meets the highest professional standards. The author uses simple, clear examples throughout and fully details the required statistical analyses. Topics includebut are not limited todesign of item stems and responses; sampling strategies; classical and modern test theory; IRT program examples; reliability of tests and raters; validation using content, criterion-related, and factor analytic approaches; test and item bias; and professional and ethical issues in testing.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761992790	Communities and conservation,natural resource management in South and Central Asia	Ashish Kothari			1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761992806	Communities and conservation,natural resource management in South and Central Asia	Ashish Kothari			1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788170367123	Reasons For Hope : Instructive Experiences In Rural Development	Anirudh Krishna&Norman Uphoff&Milton J. Esman			1998-03-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761992417	Language, education and society	Bhadriraju Krishnamurti			1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761932680	Security beyond survival,essays for K. Subrahmanyam	P. R. Kumaraswamy		This volume brings together original essays by internationally renowned scholars who provide a wide-ranging examination of national security in India. They discuss strategic and foreign policy issues that lie at the heart of Indias security concerns in todays world order. The book charts Indias growth from a poor, developing country to a middle-ranking nuclear power and examines its position in a US-dominated world order. It then looks at Indias relations with its nuclear neighboursChina and Pakistan and explores possibilities of nuclear risk-reduction in the South Asian region. The volume ends with two essays on Subrahmanyams contribution to the security debate and a select bibliography of his writings.	2004	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803970984	Self-help and support groups,a handbook for practitioners	Linda Farris Kurtz		The first volume to address both self-help and support groups and provide a clear distinction between the two, Self-Help and Support Groups dispels misunderstandings and inaccurate assumptions about how they function, whom they attract, and how they help participants achieve goals. Author Linda Farris Kurtz informs students and practitioners in the human services about the concepts, theories, and research involving self-help and support groups. She provides practical advice and direction to professionals for working with these groups while analyzing self-help/support organizations on three different levels--in terms of the groups themselves, the groups members, and the practitioners interaction with the groups. In addition, this comprehensive volume discusses the most prominent representative associations as examples of different types of groups, including Alcoholics Anonymous, Recovery, Inc., National Alliance for the Mentally Ill, and the Alzheimers Association. It also examines the rise of telephone and on-line self-help, considering the advantages and disadvantages of this style of group interaction. As an added bonus, each chapter includes exercises and discussion questions. Filling the void in literature on this neglected topic, Self-Help and Support Groups is an excellent resource for students, researchers, and professionals in social work, human services, and clinical/counseling psychology.	1997	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178291079	When Teams Work Best : 6000 Team Members And Leaders Tell What It Takes To Succeed	Lafasto			2002-01-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788178297989	Understanding cross-cultural psychology,Eastern and Western perspectives	Pittu Laungani			2007-04-01	SAGE Publications India						ZZZ000000
9780761951148	Private desires, political action,an invitation to the politics of rational choice	Michael Laver		Private Desires, Political Action is an accessible overview of one of the most important approaches to the study of politics in the modern worldrational choice theory. Michael Laver does not set out to review this entire field, but rather to discuss how we might use rational choice theory to analyze the political competition that affects almost every aspect of our lives. The comprehensive and broad-ranging scope of the book introduces the theory at many levels of analysis, including the private desires of individuals, the social context of how people fulfill their desires and the problems of collective action. The discussion of these issues extends into the arena of politics and explores the activities of "political entrepreneurs"(or politicians) and the formation of political parties and coalitions. Private Desires, Political Action provides a masterly and exceptionally clear survey of this fast expanding and challenging field of political science. Lavers elegant and witty prose is enriched throughout by vivid examples illustrating themes and points of discussion. This book will be invaluable reading for students and researchers alike in the fields of political science and political theory.	1997-05-05	Sage						ZZZ000000
9788178292151	Research For Development : A Practical Guide	Laws&Caroline Harper&Rachel Marcus		What is research and what is the best approach to research for development? What are the different ways in which research is used in development work? This handbook answers these questions with tremendous ease and, in the process, helps to do away with the myth that research is only meant for researchers and not for practitioners and implementers of schemes and projects. It is a comprehensive introduction for undertaking and managing research in development./-//-/The manual has been divided into two partsPart I provides the conceptual framework, while Part II focuses more on the practical steps of conducting research for development work. It also contains details of various websites, which will assist the reader to be in touch with the latest developments in the field of development research. The presence of activity tables, key-points and checklists make the book very reader-friendly, and will enable development workers to design, implement, monitor and evaluate programmes in a more efficient manner.	2003-03-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788132104544	Doing Business Research : A Guide To Theory And Practice	Nick Lee		This is not just another book about research methods!This is a book that has been long awaited in the business research communitya book that holistically addresses the entire research process, from the nature of research and knowledge to the final resultsand will become a requisite text for anyone involved in doing a research project. With an advanced undergraduate/postgraduate/doctoral readership in mind, as well as those approaching research as an instructor, Nick Lee (with Ian Lings) has taken on the often disparate elements of research methodology and brought together an integrated, accessible and humorous account explaining why research methods are the way they are and how researchers do what they do.This book doesnt just show you the basicsit will ultimately empower you to place a magnifying glass on all elements of your research.Unique in its nature and scope Doing Business Research offers- an essential discussion of philosophical and theoretical matters central to conceptualising the nature of your research, as well as - a pragmatic guide to why things are important, and how, but which also - offers a huge range of considerations that the reader can use to develop their research project, and even better- a unique resource book, providing extensive further reading, and bringing together original viewpoints from over 30 outstanding scholars at all stages of their careers, from postgraduate to professor.An essential and open-minded text!	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803954298	Experimental design and methods	Michael S. Lewis-Beck			1993-09-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803954328	Research practice	Michael S. Lewis-Beck			1994-12-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781412905800	Contemporary criminal law,concepts, cases, and controversies	Matthew Ross Lippman		Contemporary Criminal Law: Concepts, Cases, and Controversies is an introductory text that features "the new criminal law," expanding on traditional criminal law cases and concepts with contemporary topics and issues. Author Matthew R. Lippman uses an engaging case study approach to enhance student learning and offer an interactive educational environment.	2006-08-08	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761921066	Current controversies on family violence	Donileen R. Loseke&Richard J. Gelles&Mary M. Cavanaugh		The study of family violence is surrounded by multiple controversies. Experts in this field do not agree about what should be studied and condemned (Is spanking violence? Is women's violence toward men a major social problem? If it is, how should it be measured? What, specifically, should be condemned as date rape?) Experts also disagree about the causes of violence (Individual pathology? The structure of gender or families?), as well as about what should be done to eliminate it (Do child sexual abuse education programs or family preservation programs work?). Now in its Second Edition, Current Controversies on Family Violence contains thoughtful--often heated--discussions that highlight the most current controversies, research, and policy directions in the family violence issue. This volume includes chapters by academic and public policy researchers, therapists, lawyers, victim advocates and educators. Some of the controversies in the first edition have been deleted while new ones have been added. Chapters in this Second Edition also are shorter and more accessible to readers who are not already experts in family violence. This is an excellent and necessary resource for students and researchers of interpersonal violence, sociology, social work, nursing, gender studies, clinical psychology, criminal justice, and gerontology.	2005	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9788178299136	Teaching Young Children With Adhd : Successful Strategies And Practical Interventions	Lougy			2008-05-12	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788170361299	Training For Development	Rolf P Lynton&Udai Pareek			1990	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761936046	Customer Value Investment,Formula for Sustained Business Success	Gautam Mahajan		Customer Value Investment is still a new concept that highlights the importance of the customer as an asset, as a builder of business capital, and as a driver of a business. It means that customers buy products or choose those services that give them more value. This in turn helps companies to create more value for their stakeholders, thus leading to sustained business success. In short, Customer Value Investment enables companies to be driven by customers and their needs. Using the author's unique Customer in Center concept, this book explains why customer value is important and how companies can increase their market share and profitability by adding value to customers. In addition to explaining key terms and basic concepts illustrated with short caselets, tables, graphs and key points in each chapter, the book explains how companies can: " Move beyond customer management and customer satisfaction " Become market leaders and improve business results " Understand the value they provide to customers " Improve service quality and loyalty " Set up customer circles and build channels of customers " Understand competitive strategies and pre-empt competition " Measure customer capital	2007-11-20	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9788170364856	Hindu Nationalists In India : The Rise Of The Bharatiya Janata Party	Yogendra K Malik			1995	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781412953139	Essentials of Terrorism,Concepts and Controversies	Gus Martin		"Essentials of Terrorism is an ideal anchor textbook for investigating the many aspects of terrorism, political violence, and homeland security. That it is easily adapted to these subjects means that instructors will be able to design a variety of instructional packages around it. In this way, the text is a versatile resource." -SirReadaLot.orgEssentials of Terrorism: Concepts and Controversies is a comprehensive yet compact resource that provides a thorough introduction to many facets of the world of modern terrorism. This briefer, captivating version of Gus Martin's popular text Understanding Terrorism, Second Edition is an effective stand-alone textbook for undergraduate classes. It can also be used effectively in conjunction with other resources, such as Martin's collection of readings The New Era of Terrorism or with other supplemental books or journal articles for an upper-level undergraduate or master's level audience. Key Features  Provides a foundation for understanding terrorism: Extensive coverage in Chapter 1 helps readers grasp and define the concept of terrorism; each chapter includes extensive historical background.  Presents simple, helpful pedagogical aids to bolster learning: Chapter introductions, chapter perspectives, chapter summaries, discussion boxes, and a glossary bring key concepts to life for students.  Offers engaging coverage of cutting-edge issues: The author addresses contemporary topics, including gender-selective terrorism, media coverage of terrorism issues and related ethical issues, the Internet and terrorism, and religious terrorism. Martin provides additional coverage of the conflict in Iraq to illustrate its impact on international terrorism.  Includes stimulating illustrative aids: Maps and dramatic photos help show the locations of terrorist activity and the devastation caused by terrorist activity; tables and figures allow readers to conduct valuable comparison research and analysis. Ancillaries  A student study site is available containing introductions to journal articles, recommended Web sites, full-text journal articles tied to each chapter, e-flashcards, Web exercises, and more. www.sagepub.com/martinessstudy Instructors' Resources on CD-ROM provide professors with a test bank, maps, PowerPoint presentations, activity and lecture suggestions, and more. Intended Audience: This is an excellent text, either alone or with readings or other materials, for undergraduate and graduate courses in Terrorism, Homeland Security, International Security, Criminal Justice Administration, Political Conflict, Armed Conflict, and Social Movements in departments of criminal justice, sociology, and political science. It is also suitable for professionals who require instruction in understanding terrorism.	2007-11-20	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761932451	Countering gender violence,initiatives towards collective action in Rajasthan	Kanchan Mathur		Violence constitutes a major form of oppressing women. Rooted in the practical experiences of rural Indian women, Countering Gender Violence explores those facets of social, cultural and economic life that otherwise appear to have little bearing on gender violence and hence are rarely examined./-//-/This book studies the phenomenon of violence which, while being meted out to individual women, is systematically rooted in the social pattern of gender relations. Addressing gender violence requires challenging the means by which gender roles and power relations are defined and articulated in society. The book focuses on ways through which these relations can be altered in favour of women. /-//-/The author concludes that strategies for countering gender violence must emerge from womens collective and shared experience of both subordination and empowerment.	2004-09-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761902737	Legitimacy in public administration,a discourse analysis	O. C. McSwite		In this "postmodern, end-of-the-century" moment, the question of what role public administration can legitimately play in a democratic society has deepened and taken on increased urgency. At the same time the movement toward global marketization has gained enormous momentum, traditional prejudices and racial and ethnic violence have appeared with a renewed virulence, presenting unprecedented challenges to democratic governments. Legitimacy in Public Administration reveals how the issue of administrative legitimacy is directly implicated, indeed central, to this broader issue. It argues that legitimacy hinges at the generic level on the question of alterityhow to regard and relate to "different others." This book reviews the history of the legitimacy issue in the literature of American public administration with the purpose of demonstrating that this discourse has been distorted by an underlying and undisclosed commitment to an elitist "Man of Reason" model of the public administrators role. Current attempts to reformulate administration to meet the challenge of new conditions will fail, the author argues, because they have not escaped the grip of this implicit distortion. Legitimacy in Public Administration includes a challenging concluding chapter that uses insights from gender theory and demonstrates the connection between the legitimacy question and the critical problem of alterity. The author also offers a new way to fundamentally reframe the legitimacy question, so as not only to help the field of public administration resolve it, but to show how this resolution can create a new understanding of the problem of racial and ethnic prejudice.	1997-07-02	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178295053	Sales Forecasting Management, 2E : A Demand Management Approach	Mentzer		The Second Edition of Sales Forecasting Management provides comprehensive coverage of the techniques and applications of sales forecasting analysis, combined with a managerial focus to give managers and users of the sales forecasting function a clear understanding of the forecasting needs of all business functions. Bringing together 25 years of sales forecasting management research with more than 400 companies, this is the first text to truly integrate the theory and practice of sales forecasting management.Highlights of this new edition are:New insights on the critical area of qualitative forecastingIncludes results of additional surveys done since the publication of the first editionThe discussion of the four dimensions of forecasting management has been significantly enhancedSignificant reorganization and updating has been done to strengthen and improve the material for the second editionThe authors well-regarded Multicaster software system demo, which has been updated and is now available for download from the authors Web site	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788178294575	The Fundamentals Of Supply Chain Management : Twelve Drivers Of Competitive Advantage	Mentzer		Fundamentals of Supply Chain Management has been designed as a comprehensive text for any course dealing with strategy and supply chains. Written in an accessible and entertaining style, Mentzer identifies twelve drivers of competitive advantage as clear strategic points managers can use in their companies./-//-/These twelve drivers are derived from extensive research from more than 400 books, articles, and papers, as well as interviews with more than fifty executives in major global companies. The roles of all of the traditional business functionsmarketing, sales, logistics, information systems, finance, customer services, and managementin supply chain management are also addressed. Complete with cases and real examples from corporations around the world, this book will enable students and practising managers to more effectively understand, implement and manage supply chains successfully.	2004-09-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761932277	Identity and religion,foundations of anti-Islamism in India	Amalendu Misra		Amalendu Misra shows that while some eminent nationalist leaders were implacably hostile to Muslims, even wholly secular ones were uneasy with Indias Muslim past and had a generally unfavourable disposition towards both Muslims and Islam. The book explicates this by focusing on the writings of Vivekananda, Gandhi, Nehru and Savarkar supported by a wealth of examples from a wide range of contexts. It argues that the views of these four prominent individuals were heavily shaped by British historiography as well as their respective visions of independent India. The author goes on to suggest how modern India needs to redefine itself to flourish as a genuinely secular democracy.	2004	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803959804	Employing qualitative methods in the private sector	Marilyn L. Mitchell		Each year, academic institutions produce thousands of social science graduates skilled in applied social researchmany more than can be absorbed in the teaching profession. In one of the latest volumes in the Qualitative Research Methods series, author Marilyn Mitchell provides information often left out of the social science curriculumhow and where can social scientists put their skills to use in the private sector? Employing Qualitative Methods in the Private Sector outlines some of the basic private sector research settings and provides clear and sensible advice on how one can rename ones skills and market oneself most effectively to the business community. Mitchell, herself employed in the private sector, also examines project and business management. Straightforward and pragmatic, Employing Qualitative Methods in the Private Sector is an essential tool for the researcher looking for new avenues in which to apply their research.	1998-07-10	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761993148	Culture and rationality,the politics of social change in post-colonial India	Subrata Kumar Mitra		Examining the politics of social change in India after independence and using the post-colonial state as the backdrop, this book addresses the theoretical issues of transformation in a multicultural and hierarchical society coping with the twin challenges of democratization and development.	1999-02-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803964068	Raising money for education,a guide to the property tax	David H. Monk&Brian O. Brent		This book provides insight into the generation of local money for public education in the United States.	1997-09-09	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781412910750	Mighty Motivators,Resource Bank for Setting Targets and Rewarding Pupil Progress at Key Stage 1 & 2	Tina Rae&Claire Moore		- Contains 296 printable worksheets on a CD-ROM!  These resources aim to encourage teachers, parents or carers and children to work in partnership in setting appropriate targets which will promote positive attitudes to learning and behaviour within the classroom and school context.   Children are encouraged to see themselves as learners in a positive way, enhancing their self-image and in turn affecting their learning and behaviour.   The resources can be used to reinforce positive learning patterns and behaviour in all children, but they are particularly useful for work with children who exhibit learning and emotional and behavioural difficulties.   There are facilitator notes on how to use the 12 sections, which include:   target book covers   daily reward sheets   weekly reward sheets   playtime reward charts   reward charts for home and school.	2004-12-21	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803934283	Doing legal research,a guide for social scientists and mental health professionals	Roberta A. Morris&Bruce Dennis Sales&Daniel W. Shuman		This useful volume will help researchers and practitioners ensure the legal relevance of their initial research question as well as conduct their own evaluation of the primary legal materials. The book describes how to use a law library to: find, cite and track cases; uncover statutes passed by the state legislatures; examine the legislative history of these statutes and administrative rules and regulations; and discover decisions promulgated by state agencies. In addition it includes exercises that give readers an opportunity to go into the law library and test their developing skills on genuine legal questions.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803956391	The male heterosexual,lust in his loins, sin in his soul?	Larry A. Morris		With the erosion in western society of the traditional code of masculinity and a move towards more balanced gender roles, male heterosexual development now faces a challenge.  The Male Heterosexual explores biological, developmental psychological, sociocultural and historical perspectives of male sexuality. Larry A Morris deals with a range of issues surrounding male sexual development in a skilful and humorous manner. He concludes with a formula for cultivating healthy male sexuality.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178298634	Cases In Entrepreneurship : The Venture Creation Process	Morse		Cases in Entrepreneurship is the first book to be based upon a cognitive framework of entrepreneurship. This casebook has been organized based on the following concepts:- Searching for ideas- Screening those ideas for business opportunity- Planning how to exploit the opportunity- Financing the opportunity- Setting up // Starting up the business- Growing the business- Harvesting the value created in the business	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803945708	Advancing family preservation practice	E. Susan Morton&R. Kevin Grigsby		The breakdown of the family has been blamed for many of today's societal ills. Are there effective ways to support a family with problems (neglect, substance abuse, terminal illness, etc.), prevent its break up, and make a positive change? How effective has the Intensive Family Preservation Services (IFPS) been at solving these kinds of family problems and situations? What about families that don't respond to IFPS programs? Do the programs differ in their effectiveness? Through an exploration of these issues, knowledgeable contributors offer their own experiences as a basis for tracing the evolution of IFPS and of the advances that have been made in the field. Advancing Family Preservation Practice covers such topics as the evolution of family preservation and the theories that guide it, child protective services, clinician-support worker teams, and the relative effectiveness of family preservation services with neglectful families. Aimed at helping evaluators, practitioners, and administrators incorporate what has been discovered in IFPS practice, Advancing Family Preservation Practice is an important resource for those involved in the development, implementation, and evaluation of family programs. "The issues [covered in Advancing Family Preservation Practice] are very relevant to the debates that are going on across the country among administrators, advocates, and legislators, as states are struggling to balance budgets with fewer federal dollars and skyrocketing costs for mandated health and social welfare programs. Support for "preventive services" will only continue to be available if these programs can be shown to be both successful in preventing family dissolution and cost-effective. Advancing Family Preservation Practice provides the most extensive documentation to date on potential program benefits of intensive family preservation services using program descriptions and research findings from established practice centers across the country. Policymakers and practitioners need to read this book. Faced with the task of providing a safe alternative to foster care for children who have been abused or neglected, the material compiled in this text is essential to a realistic assessment of potential outcomes for children and families at high risk." --Linda Heisner, Director Office of Family & Children's Services, Maryland Department of Human Resources, Baltimore "This is a scholarly, down-to-earth book for all those who serve children and their parents. Bold, imaginative and practical, this volume crosses those disciplinary lines that separate social work, medicine, nursing, psychology, law, and education; and it captures how paraprofessionals function as supervised "experts" in transmitting the hands-on knowledge from all these disciplines into front-line, state-of-the-art, home-centered services for children at risk of losing their parents and their vitality. This book is a vital resource because it packs hard-earned empirical knowledge into an upward spiral of rediscovering and innovating community-based, home-centered services for disadvantaged children and their parents; and for those dedicated adults who have the competence and the passion to serve them." --Albert J. Solnit, M.D., Sterling Professor Emeritus, Yale University and Commissioner, Department of Mental Health, Connecticut	1993	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803985605	The political economy of communication,rethinking and renewal	Vincent Mosco		This definitive, critical overview of the discipline explains in detail the analytical tools that political economy can apply to today's increasingly global and technological information society. Vincent Mosco defines political economy by its focus on the relationship between the production, distribution and consumption of communication in historical and cultural context.	1996-10-14	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761994657	A history of socialist thought,from the precursors to the present	Subrata Mukherjee&Sushila Ramaswamy		This book provides a detailed and critical account of the dominant schools and theorists of socialism. The major schools of socialism like Marxism, Anarchism, Guild Socialism, Syndicalism, Fabianism, and Social Democracy are discussed with special emphasis on the important theoreticians like Thomas More, Karl Marx, Ferdinand Lassalle, William Morris, and Antonio Gramsci. The authors analyze the varied controversies within socialism; the role of the market and the importance of planning; and reform vs. revolution.Most importantly, the authors explain the recent collapse of communism and the disarray in which democratic socialism finds itself, and provide answers to the future of socialism.	2000-05-30	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761944645	Youth and crime	John Muncie		`Muncie's book is a must-read for all criminologists interested in youth justice and youth crime. It is accessible, theoretically informed, empirically detailed and, thanks to the second edition, bang up-to-date' - Professor Tim Newburn, London School of Economics  `The first edition of Youth and Crime - published in 1999 - struck an almost unique balance between accessibility and complex scholarship. This substantially revised and up-dated edition takes the depth and scope of the key debates further still. Muncie draws on a wide range of scholarly research, he engages with major theoretical questions and he interrogates the complexities and contradictions of policy formation.... Without doubt this is an indispensable source for sociology, criminology, social policy, social history, social work, youth justice and media and cultural studies students and tutors alike' - Dr Barry Goldson, Senior Lecturer in Sociology and Social Policy, The University of Liverpool.  `The second edition of Youth and Crime is once again immensely scholarly and important for its insights into the shape of public, media and governmental responses to youth crime. The author produces new material on anti-social behaviour, street crime, victimisation, social exclusion, drugs and surveillance as well as on risk assessment, governance, globalisation and cultural criminology to help make sense of developments..... As before, this is an excellent, accessible and lively introduction to youth crime and its regulation. It is a book that pushes debate forward in terms of questioning established knowledge and governmental responses to crime' - Dr Loraine Gelsthorpe, Institute of Criminology, University of Cambridge.  `Muncie observes, "the study of youth justice ultimately tells us more about social order, the state and political decision making than it does about the nature of young offending and the most effective ways to respond to it": the material he presents in this part of the book more than justifies the comment. Although this book is primarily a student text, it should interest magistrates and promote critical reflection' - Magistrate   How and why have certain aspects of young people's behaviour come to be perceived as `anti-social' and 'criminal'?   Are young people now more of a threat than ever before?   How can we make sense of New Labour's youth justice reforms?  Is the youth justice system soft on crime?   Are young people more in need of protection than disciplinary punishment?  The Second Edition of this best-selling text provides a fully revised and up-to-date critical analysis of a wide range of issues surrounding young people, disorder and crime.  To develop a comprehensive criminology of youth the book deliberately moves beyond traditional criminological concerns and draws insights from other academic disciplines such as cultural studies, gender studies, media studies, social policy, social work, political science and human geography.   Now thoroughly updated, this second edition has been rewritten to include new material on anti-social behaviour, street crime, youth gangs, victimisation, social exclusion, drugs, surveillance, crime prevention, policing and restoration as well as a sustained critical analysis of New Labour's youth, social and criminal justice reforms as they have emerged over the past five years. To make sense of these developments theories of risk management, governance, globalisation and cultural criminology are introduced and assessed.  An original and accessible text, it provides invaluable support for further study by featuring key concepts, a glossary, summaries of the main arguments, study questions and guides to further reading.   Building on the strengths of the first edition, this highly influential work remains the most integrated and comprehensive analysis of theory, research, policy and politics in this area. It is an essential text for students of criminology, criminal justice, sociology, youth studies, social policy and social work.	2004-06-11	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781853964251	Learners, learning and assessment	Patricia Murphy		`A wealth of material for educators in schools, universities and other educational settings. They will also be a substantial resource for students undertaking higher degree studies in education.... Sure to make a significant contribution to policy development, educational practice and school reform in future' - Teacher Development    This textbook provides a theoretical framework for considering past and current developments in research into views of the mind and of learning. Controversial aspects of learning theories are examined, in particular the differing perspectives on the process of knowledge construction. The implications of the various theories for assessment practice are also made expl	1999-04-05	P. Chapman Pub. in association with the Open University						ZZZ000000
9780803961753	School-based management as school reform,taking stock	Joseph Murphy&Lynn G. Beck		In the book, Joseph Murphy and Lynn G Beck provide a clear understanding of the organizational form, operating characteristics and outcomes of School-Based Management (SBM) in the United States. Following an examination of the definitions, premises and types of SBM, the authors consider its historical perspective and then examine evidence of SBM in the current education reform era. The book concludes with a look at the effects of and lessons learned from the implementation of SBM.	1995-05-22	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803963948	The privatization of schooling,problems and possibilities	Joseph Murphy		Focusing on an important emerging issue in United States' education - school reform via privatization - this book is designed to meet three major goals: to examine the foundations and the context of the privatization movement; to review the evidence on privatization in areas other than schooling; and to shape decisions about privatization in the school-reform arena.	1996-06-19	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761993056	Managing quality,a practical guide to customer satisfaction	D. B. N. Murthy&Dodaballapur Bhoga Narasimha Murthy		This book is a practical guide for the implementation of holistic quality management practices aimed at achieving customer satisfaction. Divided into fourteen chapters, the book provides a judicious blend of select techniques and philosophy for quality management.  The significant features of the book include: A step-by-step, `hands-on' approach; inclusion of brief cases studies and examples; emphasis on doing simple things rights the first time and every time; jargon-free and easy-to-understand style, assuming little knowledge of statistics or background in quality.	1999-04-23	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761907855	Feminist foundations,toward transforming sociology	Kristen A. Myers&Cynthia D. Anderson&Barbara J. Risman		There can be no doubt that feminism, and its influence on the academy, has wrought enormous changes on the social sciences in general and sociology in particular. This edited volume is an outgrowth of a discussion that began on the Sociologists for Women in Society Listserve, in which participants were asked to talk about key pieces in feminist scholarship that had particularly influenced their sociological thinking. Editors Kristen A. Myers, Cynthia D. Anderson, and Barbara J. Risman have chosen articles that fall into what they consider the intellectual genres that compose feminist sociology. This collection differs from others because the editors avoid organizing material by substantive specialty areas (i.e., family, race and ethnicity, criminology, or methods). Their vision instead sees sociology as an integrated discipline, where feminist contributions have systematically influenced the shape of the whole by similarly influencing the distinct parts. In addition to simply compiling a comprehensive list of important articles from the last two decades, the editors have invited major feminist scholars to comment and reflect on the articles in each section of the book. These reflections help provide the historical and social context in which feminist scholarship has taken place.  This book will be of obvious appeal to feminist scholars and gender sociologists. Yet, as feminist thought rightfully takes its place away from the margins and toward the center of the discipline, this book stands as a rich and useful resource for any contemporary theory course.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803964259	Re-creating schools,places where everyone learns and likes it	Charles B. Myers&Douglas J. Simpson		Their book presents a vision of a school in which teachers and students construct their knowledge rather than receive it from others. It gives practical steps to achieve this and addresses the necessary role changes of educators.	1998-02	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803967724	Best ideas for reading from America's Blue Ribbon Schools,what award-winning elementary and middle school principals do	National Association of Elementary School Principals (U.S.)		Successful strategies for helping students learn to love reading by developing their critical thinking skills and establishing a firm connection between reading and writing.	1998-10-20	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803967731	Best ideas for reading from America's Blue Ribbon Schools,what award-winning elementary and middle school principals do	National Association of Elementary School Principals (U.S.)		Successful strategies for helping students learn to love reading by developing their critical thinking skills and establishing a firm connection between reading and writing.	1998-10-14	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761993414	Empowering women,an alternative strategy from rural India	Sakuntala Narasimhan			1999-05-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803954472	The evaluative image of the city	Jack L. Nasar		This volume builds on the work of Kevin Lynch, whose key 1960 work The Image of the City transformed the way design professionals and social scientists deal with urban form and design. The author explores further the role of human evaluations of the cityscape, and describes how to assess, plan and design the appearance of cities to please the inhabitants. He presents a series of studies on evaluative images, discusses methodologies, findings and applications to design and planning at various stages.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761932536	Globalization and indigenous peoples in Asia,changing the local-global interface	Dev Nathan&Govind Kelkar&Pierre Gilbert Walter		`[This book offers] interesting empirical data to support or question a number of gender and women-related assumptions... This book will provide evidence, if need be, to those protagonists of a "natural" determination of gender roles' - Development and Change  This book deals with two processes of globalization that are profoundly influencing the lives of indigenous people - the role of their resources in providing environmental services, and the civilizational changes caused by privatization.  Examining how to deal with the exclusion of indigenous people in global flows in order to create a more equal and democratic alternative, the book goes beyond the trend for decrying globalization. Instead it calls for a more democratic and equal alternative.	2004	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781412934497	The Quick-Reference Handbook for School Leaders	National Association of Head Teachers		'This is a handbook to have available as a first source to consult when an issue first arises. It combines legal advice, information, suggested activities and a series of tips from headteachers who have dealt with such issues before. New headteachers in particular would be well-advised to read the section on media interviews before they are rushed into statements they later regret. Looking after Yourself' is a section that leaders would be well-advised to skim through periodically as a reminder as it is the kind of advice that gets forgotten in the hurly-burly of school life' - Brian Fidler Professor of Education Management, University of Reading  Distilled from years of NAHT (National Association of Head Teachers) experience of providing advice and guidance for its members in the UK, The Quick-Reference Handbook for School Leaders is a practical guide that provides an answer to the questions "Where do I start?" and "Where do I look for direction?"  Written in an easy-to-read, bulleted format, the handbook is organised around key sections, each part includes brief overviews, checklists and suggestions for further reading.   o Organisation and Management - the role of the Headteacher, negligence and liability, media relations, managing conflict and difficult people, effective meetings, inspection, resource management, records and information.  o Teaching and Learning - curriculum, learning communities, special education, evaluation, staff development, unions, celebrating success.   o Behaviour and Discipline - safe schools, code of conduct, exclusion, search and seizure, police protocols.   o Health and Safety - child protection issues, occupational health & safety, risk assessments, emergency preparation, medical needs, health & safety resources.   o Looking After Yourself - continuing professional development, and work-life balance.   This handbook is an excellent resource for all current and aspiring senior school leaders.	2007-02	Pine Forge Press						ZZZ000000
9781412934503	The Quick-Reference Handbook for School Leaders	National Association of Head Teachers		'This is a handbook to have available as a first source to consult when an issue first arises. It combines legal advice, information, suggested activities and a series of tips from headteachers who have dealt with such issues before. New headteachers in particular would be well-advised to read the section on media interviews before they are rushed into statements they later regret. Looking after Yourself' is a section that leaders would be well-advised to skim through periodically as a reminder as it is the kind of advice that gets forgotten in the hurly-burly of school life' - Brian Fidler Professor of Education Management, University of Reading  Distilled from years of NAHT (National Association of Head Teachers) experience of providing advice and guidance for its members in the UK, The Quick-Reference Handbook for School Leaders is a practical guide that provides an answer to the questions "Where do I start?" and "Where do I look for direction?"  Written in an easy-to-read, bulleted format, the handbook is organised around key sections, each part includes brief overviews, checklists and suggestions for further reading.   o Organisation and Management - the role of the Headteacher, negligence and liability, media relations, managing conflict and difficult people, effective meetings, inspection, resource management, records and information.  o Teaching and Learning - curriculum, learning communities, special education, evaluation, staff development, unions, celebrating success.   o Behaviour and Discipline - safe schools, code of conduct, exclusion, search and seizure, police protocols.   o Health and Safety - child protection issues, occupational health & safety, risk assessments, emergency preparation, medical needs, health & safety resources.   o Looking After Yourself - continuing professional development, and work-life balance.   This handbook is an excellent resource for all current and aspiring senior school leaders.	2007-02	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803986077	Changing cultures,feminism, youth and consumerism	Mica Nava		Changing Cultures brings together a selection of challenging essays which have their roots in the fertile convergence of feminism, sociology and cultural studies. Themes include the assessment of feminist theory, its transformations and its ability to illuminate issues and practices. The complex relationship between objects of study, their political implications and their historical context is a recurring theme. The book includes analyses of the utopianism of feminist thought on the family; sexuality and sexual difference in youth service provision; and the symbolic resonance of the urban and the domestic in the education of girls. It goes on to investigate child sexual abuse in relation to problems of interpretation	1992	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803986084	Changing cultures,feminism, youth and consumerism	Mica Nava		Changing Cultures brings together a selection of challenging essays which have their roots in the fertile convergence of feminism, sociology and cultural studies. Themes include the assessment of feminist theory, its transformations and its ability to illuminate issues and practices. The complex relationship between objects of study, their political implications and their historical context is a recurring theme. The book includes analyses of the utopianism of feminist thought on the family; sexuality and sexual difference in youth service provision; and the symbolic resonance of the urban and the domestic in the education of girls. It goes on to investigate child sexual abuse in relation to problems of interpretation	1992	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9788178297583	India`S Globalization : Evaluating The Economic Consequences	Baldev Raj Nayar		This study systematically evaluates the economic consequences of globalization for India in the light of the attack of the critics against globalization on the grounds of economic stagnation, deindustrialization, denationalization, destabilization, and impoverishment. On the basis of abundant qualitative and quantitative data, it strongly repudiates the case of the critics, and demonstrates that India has been a significant beneficiary of the globalization process.The policy conclusion that flows from this experience is that India ought to be, in general, more open to globalization, in the interest of sustaining economic growth and enhancing the welfare of its people. To this end it should push forward with the reform agenda.	2007-01-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761932291	Virtual worlds,culture and politics in the age of cybertechnology	Pramod K. Nayar		This interdisciplinary cultural study of the new technologies discusses cyberculture as it mediatesand in turn is mediated bythe contexts of globalisation, politics, medical science and war, and the realms of everyday life such as learning, identity, consumption, and leisure. It pays attention to common and visible expressions of technocultureincluding music videos, niche marketing, literature, and cosmetic surgeryin order to highlight its distinguishing features. Using a range of insights from theorists such as Donna Haraway, Stuart Hall, Manuel Castells, Paul Virilio and Katherine Hayles, Virtual Worlds explores the dissemination of cybertechnology into the social and political fields.	2004	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761908357	Popular music, gender, and postmodernism,anger is an energy	Neil Nehring		The migration of cynical academic ideas about postmodernism into music journalism are traced in this book. The result of this migration is a widespread fatalism over the ability of the music industry to absorb any expression of defiance in popular music. The book synthesizes a number of fields: American and British academic and journalistic music criticism; aesthetic and literary history and theory from romanticism through postmodernism; alternative music such as feminist punk and grunge; political economy, which has fueled the obsession with commercial incorporation; and subcultural sociology.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803973329	Post-industrial capitalism,exploring economic inequality in America	Joel I. Nelson		An alternative framework for examining and explaining the widening economic and social stratification within United States society is provided in this book. Until now, two points of view - Marxist and industrialist - have dominated the discourse. Joel I Nelson offers a comprehensive explanation of inequality and locates its source in the transformation of capitalism, free market ideology and the evolution of US business.	1995	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780304701858	Using your mind,creative thinking skills for work and business success	Richard Nelson-Jones		Learning how to use your mind skilfully and creatively is essential if you want to feel satisfied and in control at work. This book focuses on how to manage yourself, rather than others, including how to set realistic goals and make decisions.	1997	Cassell						ZZZ000000
9780304332281	Developing Your Career in Nursing	Robert Newell		Developing Your Career in Nursing is an accessible guide to help you choose your initial or continuing nurse training, and to plan your future career. Packed with information about what it is really like to be a nurse in hospital settings and the community, the authors cover work with adults, children, people with learning disabilities, and in mental. The book is enhanced by case studies, anecdotes and reflective exercises. It builds a complete picture to help reader'ss chose the right career path.	1995-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761907954	Evaluating mental health services,how do programs for Children "work" in the real world?	Carol T. Nixon&Denine A. Northrup		This book addresses evaluation issues relating to community-based mental health services for children and young people with emotional and behavioural problems.  The contributors discuss recent evaluations of the effectiveness of systems of care and specific intervention strategies. In addition to describing their individual research, they consider: issues facing researchers conducting mental health evaluation; limitations of evaluation in mental health services; and implications for future research.	1997-01-31	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178297866	International Marketing Management,Text and Cases	U. C. Mathur			2008	SAGE Publications, Limited						ZZZ000000
9788132104476	Leadership, 5E : Theory And Practice	Peter G Northouse		A perennial best-seller with clear coverage of leaderhip theories plus case studies and questionnaires. Adopted at more than 800 colleges and universities worldwide.Hallmark features- Consistently organized chapters are devoted to major leadership theories and follow the same structure: explanation of the theory, how it works, strengths and criticisms, applications in a real-life setting, brief case studies, and a questionnaire.- Leadership instruments and questionnaires provide reflection opportunities and add a significant and immediate reality check to each theory presented - Chronological presentation of theories gives readers a sense of the history and evolution of leadership theoryNew to the Fifth Edition- Authentic Leadership makes its debut as the new Chapter 10- Expanded Discussions of leader-member exchange theory, transformation leadership, culture and leadership, and servant leadership expose students to additional concepts and issues.- Numerous, contemporary case studies and examplesmany new to this editionsupplement each major theory or topic, encouraging students to apply leadership concepts to specific scenariosInstructor and Student Resources atwww.sagepub.com/northouse5e	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803976733	Counselling difficult clients	Kingsley Norton&Gill McGauley		Counselors and other mental health professionals will inevitably encounter clients who are difficult to work with because they do not conform with the basic requirements of forming a trusting relationship and accepting help or advice. Such clients can place enormous strain on those who are trying to help them and this book sets out a range of practical guidelines for the management of these difficult, disturbed, or disturbing clients. The authors concentrate on the everyday difficulties of the transaction between practitioner and client in their respective social contexts, rather than locating the problems solely within the client and indicate ways in which these difficulties can be successfully overcome. Complementing rather than competing with practitioners own treatment styles, Working with Difficult Clients acknowledges that not all professionals have access to team-based resources. Providing practical advice backed up by carefully chosen examples and with a sound theoretical base, this book will be an invaluable resource for counselors, probation officers, social workers, and other mental health professionals.	1998-02-06	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803972049	What's social about social cognition?,research on socially shared cognition in small groups	Judith L. Nye&Aaron M. Brower		Cognition research has become a major area within psychology - particularly social psychology. However, social cognitive research tends to focus on the individual, neglecting the impact of social interaction on the individual's cognitive processes, while group process research tends to neglect the cognitive processes of individual group members and their influence on the group.This volume fills these gaps in the literature and brings the two research areas together: contributions from key scholars in both fields offer empirical research that moves beyond the traditional boundaries of social cognition and small group research.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412953818	How to Grade for Learning, K-12	Ken O'Connor		This new edition of the bestseller demonstrates how to improve grading practices by linking grades with standards and establishing policies that better reflect student achievement.	2009-05-19	Corwin						ZZZ000000
9780803962163	Educating teachers for leadership and change	Mary John O'Hair&Sandra J. Odell		In consideration of the new and varied leadership roles teachers are expected to fill as schools restructure and reform, this collection offers an insightful vision of the changes needed in teacher education to prepare teachers to be proactive leaders. Contributors reflect on key aspects of contexts, processes, communication and curriculum. Topics discussed include: occupational stress; special preparation of urban teachers; peer coaching and collaboration; communication skills; and workplace barriers to leadership development.	1995-01-18	Corwin Press, Inc.						ZZZ000000
9780803959897	Taking a bite out of crime,the impact of the National Citizens' Crime Prevention Media Campaign	Garrett J. O'Keefe		This accessibly written book presents a case study of a major United States initiative aimed at increasing public awareness of how citizens can protect themselves and others from crime. It examines the development and content of the 14-year long campaign and evaluates its impact on the public. The state-of-the-art data presented from this extensive survey on the public's perceptions, attitudes and behaviours with respect to crime leads to the authors providing excellent recommendations for future campaigns.	1996-08-07	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178294926	The Essential Guide To Doing Research	O'Leary		This book is a comprehensive and practical guide to understanding and embarking upon social science research. Adopting an accessible and logical approach, the book encourages students to understand, think about, and engage with every aspect of doing research./-//-/It is based on the premise that just being able to make sense of, or even being a scholar of methods, is not enough to `do research. The author stresses that all good research is a `thinking game and that research needs to be accompanied by a constant assessment of ones work with a view to making the best possible decisions for obtaining credible data and trustworthy results. To that end she invites readers to think for themselves about the research methods that are best suited to their project./-//-/Designed to encourage lateral, strategic and creative thinking, while providing the essential knowledge and skills needed to undertake research, this book:/-/- Covers all aspects of doing research, from conceptualization and design to implementation and dissemination/-/- Highlights the creative and strategic thinking skills needed to negotiate the research process/-/- Discusses strategies for collecting and analyzing a range of data types as required by the enquiry/-/- Makes extensive use of figures and diagrams to illustrate key points and to provide clarity/-/- Provides guidelines on how to navigate through the body of literature that already exists on research, and explores contentious issues such as power, politics, and ethics in research	2004-12-01	Vistaar Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853963438	New technology-based firms in the 1990s	Raymond P Oakey&Raymond P. Oakey		The first High Technology Small Firms Conference was held at Manchester Business School in July 1993. In order to gain a wider audience for the work presented at this annual conference, a series of edited books was initiated and the first volume entitled New Technology-Based Firms in the 1990s was published in 1994. As a continuation of this series, the chapters included in Volume Two comprise the best papers to be presented at the second High Technology Small Firms Conference, again held at Manchester Business School in September 1994. Together with collections of edited papers to follow in future years, the two existing volumes represent a record of an evolving research agenda on high-technology small firms, survival and growth.	1996	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9781853963698	New technology-based firms in the 1990s	Raymond P. Oakey&Ray Oakey&Syeda-Masooda Mukhtar		This book is the third volume in a series originating from the annual international High Technology Small Firms Conference, held at Manchester Business School in the autumn of 1995. The conference continues to grow in popularity, and the internationally derived community of regular and occasional contributors to this conference are reflected in the papers that have been selected for Volume III. There is a critical mass dimension to these volumes because not only do the papers represent a time slice of state-of-the-art high technology small firm research in a given year, but they also add to the evolving body of work with a time series dimension. The main themes addressed by the 1995 HTSF Conference fell into two major and two smaller groupings. Two major themes of Finance (five papers) and Networking (six papers) maintain the importance of these research areas established in Volume II, while a smaller continuing representation is provided by work on Firm Survival and Growth Studies (two papers), an a welcome new theme of Human Resource Issues (two papers).	1997-05-28	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9781853963872	New technology-based firms in the 1990s	Raymond P. Oakey&Wim E. During			1998-06-10	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9788178297590	Researching Information Systems And Computing	Oates			2007-01-15	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781853963162	Safer city centres,reviving the public realm	Taner Oc&Steven Tiesdell		This book discusses safety in the public space of city centres and, thus, in the public realm. It is also concerned with public order and disorder and with those crimes which affect people's perceptions of safety in - and their use - of city centres. The various chapters show how crime, and especially fear of crime, could be reduced and how the centres of towns and cities might be reclaimed, made safer and more liveable.	1997-04-28	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781853963261	Educational management today,a concise dictionary and guide	David Oldroyd&Danuta Elsner&C. D. Poster		This is an up-to-date specialist dictionary in a rapidly changing field. English-speaking readers of educational management literature need quick access to the latest terminology relating to the management of The National Curriculum, LMS, OfED inspection, college incorporation, and university restructuring.  The dictionary has also been designed to give ESL speakers: clear short definitions of key terms; clarification of abbreviations and acronyms; and an understanding of clusters of key concepts such as management vision' and performance indicators'.	1996-05-28	Paul Chapman Publishing Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788178299181	Writing Your Thesis	Oliver		This new edition is designed to help postgraduate and research students with the process, preparation, writing and examination of their theses. Many students are able to design their programme of research and to collect the data, but they can find it more difficult to transform their data into a thesis.Using his extensive experience as a successful thesis supervisor, the author outlines:- the purpose of the thesis and what it should achieve- strategies for organizing your work as you write your thesis- how to the incorporate a theoretical perspective- sound techniques of academic writing- how to benefit from your supervisors` experience- what to do about publishing preliminary findings- and tips on preparing for the oral examination.This updated edition contains additional material on the writing of shorter doctoral theses; writing about ethical issues; presenting qualitative data, and developing strategies for an oral examination.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803960428	Reading and language arts programs,a guide to evaluation	Mary W. Olson&Samuel D. Miller		This volume will help teachers and administrators design, organize and conduct evaluations of their school's reading and language arts programmes - without needing to use complicated statistical procedures or research techniques.	1993-04-23	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803991408	Dalits and the democratic revolution,Dr. Ambedkar and the Dalit movement in colonial India	Gail Omvedt			1994-01-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178293981	Doing Educational Research	Opie		Doing Educational Research is a hands-on guide for students engaged in educational research. Comprehensive and accessible, it lucidly introduces a broad range of qualitative and quantitative methods and shows how both these methods work and how their outcomes can be interpreted./-//-/Among the key features of the book are:/-//-/ - Provides all the essentials for the first time researcher/-/ - Is replete with student-focused and pedagogical features/-/ - Illustrates, through examples and case studies, how the methods and techniques work in `real-life` contexts/-/ - Contains practical advice on a range of important aspects including time management, planning research, writing reports and ethical issues.	2004-05-31	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803938533	People's reactions to technology in factories, offices, and aerospace	Stuart Oskamp&Shirlynn Spacapan		How does the pace and pervasiveness of new technology impact on the individual? As technology becomes an ever-increasing part of our lives, the overall significance of this question will undoubtedly grow. In People's Reactions to Technology, an impressive team of contributors focuses on computerization of offices, use of robots in factories, and advanced technology in the aerospace industry to answer this question. Fascinating perspectives on how technology infiltrates everyday American life are provided, as well as stimulating reports on the latest research in this rapidly changing and richly diverse field. People's Reactions to Technology is an excellent resource for researchers, practitioners, and scholars in social psychology, organization studies, and sociology interested in gaining insight and knowledge about implementing technology in various settings. "The editors and authors represented here have produced a rich, well-written, carefully edited, fully referenced collection of papers on one of the most critical and ubiquitous issues of our day--how we cope with and respond to the technological world that we have created." --Personnel Psychology	1990	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412912433	Write Dance,A Progessive Music and Movement Programme for the Development of Pre-Writing and Writing Skills	Ragnhild Oussoren		'The WriteDance materials are wonderfully done. After meeting with Ragnhild a few years ago, I have been using many of these principles in my work with children. The methods definitely work and are definitely needed by today's kids' - Delina Robair, Developmental Child Specialist, USA  `The author of this book is a very experienced graphologist who has worked on the subject with children for many years. What she has produced is a highly practical resource for early years teachers' - Special  `The whole scheme is wonderfully inventive and gives a wealth of ideas to be developed and adapted to suit a particular group of children. It uses a wide range of movements with a greater variety of direction than many pre-writing schemes and encourages the children in their movements quickly as well as rhythmically, with confidence and enjoyment' - Handwriting Today	2008-05	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781412919043	Write Dance in the Nursery,A Pre-Writing Programme for Children 3 to 5	Ragnhild Oussoren		Write Dance is an innovative and exciting programme, widely used as a way of introducing handwriting using music, movement and exercise. It is especially helpful for children with special educational needs, from learning difficulties to dyspraxia.In Write Dance in the Nursery, early years practitioners are provided with a package of songs, stories and role-play ideas designed especially for their settings. Supporting child-initiated play within the foundation curriculum and the Birth to Three Matters' framework, these provide an introduction to the nine themes in Write Dance approach at an appropriate developmental level.The Write Dance Movements provide the children with a strong foundation for writing, and help them to feel happy and comfortable with their bodies, and this book and CD resource provides everything the early years practitioner needs to implement this exciting approach.Ragnhild A. Oussoren worked for many years as a consultant graphologist in the Netherlands and in Sweden. Mixing her graphology skills with art and music, in the 90s she developed a completely new writing and movement method for all children aged 3-12 years irrespective of their movement skills. The Write Dance method has been so successful that it is practised in six languages and in many countries. Ragnhild is her own publisher in the Netherlands; she gives workshops in different countries and continues to develop the method. worked for many years as a consultant graphologist in the Netherlands and in Sweden. Mixing her graphology skills with art and music, in the 90s she developed a completely new writing and movement method for all children aged 3-12 years irrespective of their movement skills. The Write Dance method has been so successful that it is practised in six languages and in many countries. Ragnhild is her own publisher in the Netherlands; she gives workshops in different countries and continues to develop the method.	2005-11-05	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761996637	Institutional development in social interventions,towards inter-organizational effectiveness	Vijay Padaki&Manjulika Vaz		This book is designed to assist ID in development interventions, beginning with the admission that it is an important but little understood process. The authors observe that successful development interventions require sustainability which, in turn, requires local social institutions. A social institution can be regarded as an organization of organizations. /-//-/The authors maintain that most development initiatives focus on the obvious and immediate tasks of achieving operational targets and rarely take cognizance of the need to nurture appropriate social institutions. This book explores both the concept and application of ID from multiple perspectives. /-//-/Overall, the book challenges conventional approaches to development interventions, their funding and their management. With its fine blend of theory and practice in the framework of sustainability, it will be widely welcomed by development organizations and funding agencies.	2003-09-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761997481	Insurance in India,changing policies and emerging opportunities	P. S. Palande&R. S. Shah&M. L. Lunawat		This timely book provides a comprehensive and up-to-date picture of the insurance industry. The authors first trace the origin and working of the insurance industry, and the factors that led to its nationalization. They then closely analyze recent developments, the transformation that has taken place after reforms, and provide a macro perspective on this industry. The authors also examine the measures taken by the existing public sector insurance companies to restructure themselves in the present scenario, and provide an overview of the present and likely policies of the new players that have entered the market. In conclusion the book offers suggestions about the future of the industry in terms of: /-/ - its potential and possible growth/-/ - initiatives needed to give a further impetus to the industry/-/ - the products and services offered; n Regulatory issues/-/ - the evolving market strategies in the context of the highly competitive environment/-//-/Written in a concise and absorbing manner, this is perhaps the first study of the insurance industry to be written in the post reform era.	2003	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9780761996231	Living with the AIDS virus,the epidemic and the response in India	Samiran Panda&Anindya Chatterjee&Abu S. Abdul-Quader		India has been living with the human immunodeficiency virus for a little over 15 years. Given the size of the country, its high population density and interstate migration, preventing the further spread of HIV as also providing care facilities to people with AIDS are both critical and mammoth tasks. This volume traces the evolution of the HIV epidemic in India and documents how the largest democracy in the world has responded to it. It describes HIV programmes designed, developed and implemented by various governmental and non-governmental organisations in different parts of the country. Some of these programmes have had significant success in reaching atrisk population groups and in bringing about changes in high-risk behaviour patterns. The contributors highlight the lessons to be learnt from these experiences in order to identify what works, and what does not, in HIV interventions.	2002	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761945475	Leadership on purpose,promising practices for African American and Hispanic students	Rosemary Papalewis&Rex Fortune		This invaluable resource highlights specific best practices from 13 exemplary schools that yield high achievement for ethnically diverse students.	2002-07	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803995987	Indian women,an inner dialogue	Indira J. Parikh&Pulin K. Garg		This book explores the issues surrounding the role and identity of Indian women and is based on the experiences and narrations of women across the country. Based on narration by women from all walks of life, it examines women's experiences of growing up in a family, with its idealism and belief in spiritualism and the uniqueness of existence, and also of their exposure to newer forms of education and aspirations which beckon them towards adventure and discovery of a world beyond tradition.	1989	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178295701	Introduction To Globalization And Business : Relationships And Responsibilities	Parker		In times when globalization is at the hub of many a discussion and debate, this book introduces students to its effects on businesseswithin the contexts of natural environment, culture, economics, politics, technology and industry activities.Barbara Parker shows how successful global managers are those who are best able to monitor, respond to, and even shape global shifts, as well as achieve worldwide integration of their internal resources of people, processes and structures. Her emphasis is on applying management principles in a global world, but as globalization has a multidisciplinary nature, she also addresses theories from other fields, particularly economics, international business and cultural anthropology.The book also introduces timely topics to do with our global environmentsuch as leadership, human resource systems management, career development, corporate social responsibility, business ethics and diversity management.Each chapter includes:- A case study to introduce chapter topics- An overview of chapter objectives- Examples from both small and large firms to illustrate chapter concepts- A chapter summary- Review and discussion questionsIntroduction to Globalization and Business will help university students understand and assess how external global shifts affect organizational activities and business practices.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803963641	Serving to learn, learning to serve,civics and service from A to Z	Cynthia Parsons		A major theme of education reform in the United States is that schools should prepare students to live in a democratic society. To this end, `service learning' is designed to encourage young people to become responsible, caring citizens. At present, however, service learning tends to be restricted to assigning students to community service projects. In this book Cynthia Parsons argues that service learning should be regarded as part of - not additional to - school requirements. She offers a range of alternative, curriculum-based examples of service learning to broaden the understanding and scope of this reform principle.	1996	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761932208	Reading acquisition in India,models of learning and dyslexia	Purushottam G. Patel		The sixth in the series on Research in Applied Linguistics, this is a ground-breaking study which presents a phonological analysis of Brahmi and its modern derivatives. It closely examines Indias ancient cultural-linguistic background, particularly the Vedic Culture of oral tradition, and relates this scholarship to current research and theory in linguistics, neurobehavioral sciences, and special education. The author also provides an empirical understanding of reading acquisition by children with a particular focus on those facing poverty, a toxic environment, and the deprivation associated with low caste status./-//-/The book is a departure from current neuropsychological research which is limited to the middle-class dyslexic child. It argues the need for a multidisciplinary approach which takes into account the effects of poverty, socioeconomic deprivation and environmental toxicity on reading acquisition among children from deprived groups. Purushottam Patel discusses a number of important issues including:/-//-/ - The linguistic context and principles underlying the Brahmi script. /-/ - The reasons behind literacy emerging as a part of natural language development, especially in an oral culture. /-/ - The cultural habits surrounding reading. /-/ - The importance of the living environment to literacy development. /-/ - The need for multidisciplinary research, with an emphasis on neurobehavioral teratology.	2004-05-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9788170368120	The words of my perfect teacher	Patrula Rinpoche			1999-03-15	Vistaar Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761950813	Collecting in contemporary practice	Susan M. Pearce		This clear and lively book provides an illuminating analysis of collecting as a major social and individual phenomenon in contemporary society.The book is based on the understanding of collecting practice, rather than the collections themselves. It highlights the significance of collecting in relation to the cultural process, popular culture, contemporary attitudes to material culture and the idea of collecting as a postmodern activity.Susan Pearce presents both quantitative and qualitative information from a broad spectrum of contemporary collectors and relates their collecting to broader issues of consumption, gender, family and social class. Accessible and original, Collecting in Contemporary Practice will be of	1998-03-23	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803932111	Counseling and social support,perspectives and practice	Richard E. Pearson		This practice-orientated text provides counsellors with concrete procedures while also giving them a conceptual background that can contribute to informed, flexible practice. It begins with an overview of social support theory and research and then considers the manner in which the major trends and findings can be applied to various stages and components of counselling practice: screening and intake, assessment, interventions with individuals, group interventions, system-focused interventions, follow-up and primary prevention.	1990-03-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761962052	Recreating men,postmodern masculinity politics	Bob Pease		One of the most central issues for women's prospects for equality is whether man can and will change. Changing the social relations of gender will involve changing mens subjectives as well as their daily practices. This book asks whether this is possible. Bob Pease examines how men, who are supportive of feminism, are responding to the feminist challenge, through an exploration of their experiences and dilemmas in trying to live out their feminist commitment and resist hegemonic forms of masculinity. The book is driven by practical as well as theoretical concerns, and aims to develop strategies that will promote the process of change towards equality in gender relations. Drawing on a critical postmodern theoretical framework, Pease argues that it is possible for men to reposition themselves in patriarchal discourses and to reformulate their interests in challenging gender domination. Recreating Men will be invaluable reading for academics and students of gender studies, and of interest to students of sociology, psychology and political sociology	2000-03-25	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803966635	How to turn a school around,what principals can do	Anna L. Valdez Perez		Based on key findings from literature and the author's own experience, this book is designed to help principals and other administrators improve schools. The authors guide the reader through developing a collective vision, providing professional development, involving stakeholders in decision-making, and building support for change. Each chapter examines a different aspect of the school change process.  	1999	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788170366690	Management Ethics : Integrity At Work	Joseph A Petrick&John F Quinn			1997-10-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761993599	Ethnic futures,the state and identity politics in Asia	Joanna Pfaff-Czarnecka		This book examines ethnic conflicts in Sri Lanka, Malaysia, Nepal and India. It looks at issues such as the unequal allocation and use of natural resources, discrepancies in the political and bureaucratic spheres, and problems of cultural identification and variations in employment opportunities. The authors also discuss language conflicts, the varying degrees of the politicization of ethnicity, and the effects of global and international discourse on local conflicts.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761952930	Development theory,deconstructions/reconstructions	Jan Nederveen Pieterse		The thoughts and works of one of the leading commentators on the theory and policy of development are contained in this volume. The book looks widely over issues of Eurocentricism, critical globalism, intercultural transaction, delinking and post-development theory and presents ideas for the future of the field. Throughout, the author tries to connect issues of development with the latest thinking in sociology, critical theory and social science generally.  This comprehensive book will be used as a barometer of critical thought in the field today. The writing has come out of many years of teaching and travelling in developing countries and reflects the author's unusual and detailed experience of conditions in Europe, Asia, A	2001	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803987814	Emancipations, modern and postmodern	Jan Nederveen Pieterse		This outstanding reappraisal of emancipation reviews the meaning of the concept and the use to which it is put in social and political theory.The appeal of emancipation is portrayed here as a concept which can embrace old and new social movements and the ideas of liberation, participation and empowerment. The areas on which the book focuses are Marxism and postmarxism, democracy and social movements, feminism and development theory.	1992-11-02	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803934962	Practical program evaluation,examples from child abuse prevention	Jeanne Pietrzak		Focusing on community-based child abuse prevention programmes, this manual facilitates programme self-evaluation research so that it can be conducted with a minimum of outside technical assistance.The volume explores models of evaluation, discusses common technical elements of programme evaluation research and presents simple information and instructions on how to perform some specialized research procedures. Topics related to choosing samples, selecting research designs, constructing data collection instruments, scheduling data collection, training data collectors and analyzing findings are covered. An annotated guide to practical, hands-on materials for self-evaluation is also provided. Throughout, case illustrations are	1990	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853961366	Intelligent help,communicating with knowledge-based systems	Rachel M. Pilkington			1992-03-28	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803957510	Voice in social interaction,an interdisciplinary approach	Jeffery Pittam		The complexity and full extent of the way voice functions communicatively in social interactions has remained unclear, although the link between voice and social and personal identity remains undeveloped--until now. The first comprehensive study of voice, Voice in Social Interaction, provides us with important insights into human social interaction. This volume brings together the many interdisciplinary perspectives on voice--from acoustic phonetics to voice pathology, from the history of vocal function to social interaction. The author concludes the book by developing a theoretical taxonomy that explains vocal function based upon a number of functional models of nonverbal communication, social psychology, linguistics, and communication studies. A unique volume, Voice in Social Interaction will be an essential supplement to graduate and/or upper-level courses in speech/voice, social psychology of language, communication of emotion, public speaking, sociolinguistics, and intergroup or interpersonal relations.	1994	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803968653	Life Would Be Easy If It Weren't for Other People	Connie Podesta&Vicki Sanderson		Since it is impossible to change difficult people, this book offers you strategies to incorporate into your behavior that will make relationships work better for you immediately.	1999-04	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761952312	Transformation at work in the new market economies of Central Eastern Europe	Anna Pollert		In this book, Anna Pollert questions the values hidden in the burgeoning literature on transformation', and addresses the main concerns arising from these. In exploring the key issues of post-communist transformation, the author discusses important theoretical issues about the nature of change and continuity, such as historical, socio-economic and political effects of transformation, the broad problems of how workers and their organizations respond to change from command to capitalist economies, and case studies of how managers, workers and trade unionists experience these changes within their organizations. Transformation at Work explores the key issues of post-communist transformation in Eastern Europe. T	1999	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803974654	Quality improvement in European public services,concepts, cases and commentary	Christopher Pollitt&Geert Bouckaert		Since the late 1980s the quality of public services has become a major focus of attention for politicians, managers and citizens, but surprisingly there has been little material with a truly European focus. This book remedies this absence.Part One provides a theoretical framework which helps the reader make sense of the detail contained in the later case studies. It also locates quality improvement in the special political and organizational context of the public sector. It shows how choosing a particular concept of quality has significant political and organizational consequences and also discusses how quality may be measured.In Part Two seven case studies illuminate detailed operational issues in quality improvement by d	1995	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803986671	Joseph Wolpe	Roger Poppen		Joseph Wolpe brought about a revolution in psychotherapy. He provided the first clear alternative to therapy as an esoteric exploration of mental forces and presented, instead, clearly specified procedures and documented outcomes - a practical technology based on a fundamental science of learning.  Roger Poppen, who witnessed some of this revolution first hand as a doctoral student, describes the major impact Wolpe's theories had on psychotherapy, compelling it to address issues of effectiveness and accountability. He assesses the criticisms that Wolpe's work has attracted both from outside and within the behavioural school, and describes the development of Wolpe's ideas and his continuing role in the theory, practice and ev	1995-11	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761943235	Young Children's Behaviour,Practical Approaches for Caregivers and Teachers	Louise Porter		The author of this successful text shows that the most powerful disciplinary tool for young children is a caring relationship. Drawing on her experience as a psychologist, academic, consultant, and parent, Louise Porter offers a wealth of practical guidance that is effective, sensible, direct and always empathic to young children's needs.	2003-11	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780761975984	Making geometry come alive!,student activities & teacher notes	Alfred S. Posamentier		All the basics of geometry in a motivating new format, from Ptolemy to Napoleon, from the Arbelos to the billiard table!	2000-07-22	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761975946	Making pre-algebra come alive,student activities & teacher notes	Alfred S. Posamentier		Number Theory, Geometry, Topology, Binary and Exponential Arithmetic, and much, much more!	2000-07-21	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803965898	Tips for the mathematics teacher,research-based strategies to help students learn	Alfred S. Posamentier&Hope J. Hartman&Constanze Kaiser		This easy-to-use reference tool translates the latest research results and provides tips for K-12 math teachers.	1998-06-25	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9781412916189	What successful math teachers do, grades 6-12,79 research-based strategies for the standards-based classroom	Alfred S. Posamentier&Daniel Jaye		The research-based strategies in this easy-to-navigate guide will help students master the content and skills recommended by the NCTM standards.	2006	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803954885	Understanding the self-help organization,frameworks and findings	Thomas J. Powell		This volume provides comprehensive coverage of self-help organizations, which in the United States alone involve over seven million people, from small local groups to major national organizations such as Alcoholics Anonymous. The focus is on three critical areas: public policy and self-help; participation, particularly by minorities, in self-help; and various frameworks which contribute to understanding self-help. The book concludes with six chapters of major findings and case studies.	1994-08-17	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761950257	Political/cultural identity,citizens and nations in a global era	Peter Wallace Preston		This broad-ranging and interdisciplinary text offers a rich overview of political and cultural identity. Changes across the political landscape from the fall of the Berlin Wall to the recent Islamic revival have profoundly altered the received ideas that define political cultures throughout the world. In this context, Peter W. Preston draws together diverse strands of literature to throw light on the impact on identity of a changing global environment. The book offers a helpful analysis of political, cultural, and economic identity, which lies at the center of individual actions and social structure. This analysis is fleshed out by a detailed examination of specific regional cases, including the realignment of Europe, the sharp rise of Pacific Asia, and the Americas after NAFTA. This unique blend of cultural theory and political analysis offers important and fascinating insights, making Political/Cultural Identity invaluable reading for students and academics across political, social, and cultural studies.	1997-08-18	Sage						ZZZ000000
9788178297392	Adoption of health technologies in India,implications for the AIDS vaccine	Indrani Gupta&Mayur Trivedi&Subodh Kandamuthan			2007-03-12	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761905264	Understanding disability,a lifespan approach	Peggy Quinn		Over the past 30 years, attitudes toward people with disabilities have changed dramatically, moving from deinstitutionalization in the 1960s to the Disability Rights Movement of the 1970s and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. The results of this shift have been to move more and more people with disabilities into mainstream activities in their communities. Social workers and other health and mental health professionals are now encountering people with a wide range of disabilities at various stages of their lives. It is important to be prepared. Understanding Disability details expected developmental stages for those without disabilities as well as the impact of disability at each of these periods. This is a much needed reference for working with a person with a disability, or with a family member or other interested party. Beginning with infancy and the diagnosis of congenital or early onset disabilities, the book identifies traditional developmental life stages and then provides specific information for four different disabilities: Down syndrome, visual impairment, cerebral palsy, and spina bifida. In addition, spinal cord injury is added at the young adult stage of some adapted expectations. In keeping with a social work emphasis on strengths, the book is based on a social, rather than medical, model of disability. The information in this book allows the social worker to create treatment plans, coordinate with other professionals, and competently assist the person with the disability and his/her family. Filling the void in literature on disabilities since the Disabilities Act of 1990, Understanding Disability will be a most valuable resource for social workers, counselors, and nurses.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803993495	Peasant moorings,village ties and mobility rationales in South India	Jean-Luc Racine		Most migration studies focus on the growing phenomenon of rural-urban migration. This unusual volume explores an equally significant, but less noticed, phenomenon, namely that the existence of a large and increasing urban population has not yet prevented the growth of the rural population in India. The reasons why people stay where they are have become as important as the factors that encourage them to migrate. The use of anthropological methods in conjunction with survey research helps highlight economic and sociocultural factors in all their diversity, as also the range of strategies used by villagers to adapt to their circumstances. Peasant Moorings provides valuable insights into the dynamics and impact of population mobility. It also underlines the potentially tragic consequences if Indias rural population were to become less attached to their roots in the future. Peasant Moorings will be of considerable interest to policymakers and planners, geographers, economists, and anthropologists as well as those engaged in the fields of urban studies, rural development, and migration studies.	1997-03-01	French Institute						ZZZ000000
9780761995319	Unleashing India on world markets	Raghu Nandan		Unleashing India on World Markets takes a hard look at the poor performance of Indian exports in various sectors, be it goods, services or tourism. Viewing the issue from a unique perspective, the book discusses possible measures the country can take to realise its full potential in the world market. Maintaining that shifting the blame onto the Government is neither helpful nor reflective of the entire story, it seeks to identify the real problems and bottlenecks. Drawing upon his 30 years of experience as a senior executive and consultant across 24 developing nations, Raghu Nandan does some plain speaking about the mindset of India s business people and corporate leaders as also their very approach towards the business of exports. He addresses a number of pertinent issues, such as why Indian business people accord low priority to exports, the problems foreign buyers face in dealing with Indian Industry, and the problems Indian exporters have in dealing with and through non-resident Indians.	2001-07-01	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9780761992141	Secularism, democracy, justice,implications of Rawlsian principles in India	Nalini Rajan		For the major part of the 20th century, the concepts of individual liberty and social justice have been viewed as being mutually exclusive. However, John Rawls?? Theory of Justice (1971) radically altered this perspective by providing the most elaborate example of the coexistence of liberty and egalitarian principles. The first principle of his theory refers to liberty while the second principle (pertaining to social justice) consists of fair equality of opportunity and the difference principle. Secularism, Democracy, Justice undertakes the difficult, yet challenging, task of applying these Rawlsian principles to four major areas??secularism, democracy, social justice, and agency??in Indian context. Relying largely on the Kantian notions of rationality and universality, Nalini Rajan combines a philosophical analysis of the Rawlsian framework with a defense of certain kinds of state policies. Within these four major areas, she discusses secularism and the rationale for a uniform civil code; the necessity for greater democratic participation as well as its limits; the importance of positive discrimination to combat social backwardness; and the role of self and of universality in realizing human agency. While the issues raised are riddled with practical and theoretical difficulties, this book effectively seeks answers to some of the major problems plaguing fragile institutions like secularism, democracy, and social justice.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781853963759	Small firms,enterprising futures	Monder Ram&David Deakins&David Smallbone		Diversity in content, approach and policy characterizes this collection of papers from the 19th ISBA National Small Firms Policy and Research Conference. The contributions reflect the variety and vibrancy of small firms research, and map out the centrality of the enterprise agenda' to academics, policy-makers and the wider business community.  Amongst the issues covered in the thirteen chapters are the changing nature of entrepreneurship and entrepreneurial identities, internationalization and SMEs, training in small firms, networking, Business Links, enterprise support for ethnic minority businesses, and the policy relevance of small firms research. Though eclectic in many ways, the volume provides a challenging set of questions to anyone interested in entrepreneurship and SME development.  The conference was organized on behalf of ISBA by the University of Central England Business School.  Published on behalf of the Institute for Small Business Affairs.	1997	Paul Chapman Publishing [for the] Institute of Small Business Affairs						ZZZ000000
9780761996460	Ascending the Value Spiral,From Insight to Innovation	S. Ramachander		The book introduces novel concepts and techniques to teach managers and students effective and innovative ways of marketing in India. The author deals with marketing by introducing the concept of the Value Spiral. It is the first time the idea of the value chain has been improved upon to bring in the concept of a cycle and continuous change within the India market.	2002-05-01	Sage Pubns Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761932482	Gender and social equity in primary education,hierarchies of access	Vimala Ramachandran		In recent years, India has made impressive strides in increasing literacy rates and in enabling access to education. The country now seems well set to provide universal and good quality basic education. Yet, behind this otherwise rosy picture lie serious concerns relating primarily to gender and equity. /-//-/This volume provides an insightful understanding of the ground realities of primary education programmes, particularly those run by the District Primary Education Programme (DPEP). Combining secondary research with field studies conducted in six states, the contributors explore gender and social equity issues in primary education. They conclude that there is a subtle but nevertheless discernible hierarchy of access to education, which has resulted in new forms of segregation in primary schools.	2004	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761992240	Organization development,interventions and strategies	S. Ramnarayan&T. Venkateswara Rao&Kuldeep Singh			1998-06-01	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9780761976073	Fiscal fitness for school administrators,how to stretch resources and do even more with less	Robert D. Ramsey		The first comprehensive guide for making the most of school resources . . . and even thriving in times of dwindling funds! This no-nonsense handbook covers every aspect of fiscal fitness for today's schools, from cutting costs without cutting essential programs and accomplishing as much as before-or more!-with less staff to running a low-cost, no-frills activity program. Based on years of front-line experience, this guide includes tips on:  The role of principals in hard times  Cost containment  Downsizing  Creative staffing  How to get the biggest bang for your program buck  How to get everyone involved in fiscal fitness  How to find, raise, and attract money in hard times  How to make the most of time-the resource that keeps on ticking There isn't a principal anywhere who doesn't have questions about how do more with less. This is the book with the answers! Robert D. Ramsey is a lifelong educator who has served as a "leader of leaders" in three award-winning school districts in two different states. His frontline experience includes positions as teacher, counselor, assistant principal, curriculum director, assistant superintendent, acting superintendent, and adjunct professor. Most recently, he has served as associate superintendent in the St. Louis Park, MN schools, where every school has been designated by the federal government as a National School of Excellence. Ramsey's writings include Secondary School Principal's Survival Guide, 501 Tips for Teachers, and Lead, Follow, or Get Out of the Way.  This no-nonsense handbook covers every aspect of fiscal fitness for today's schools, from cutting costs without cutting essential programs (and accomplishing as much as before - or more! - with less staff) to running a low-cost, no-frills activity program to raising money for your school. Based on years of front-line experience, the guide spells out school-tested ways to stretch curriculum dollars, get better administration for less money, and more. There isn't a principal anywhere who doesn't have questions about how to make the most of what he or she has got and how to do even more with less. This book has the answers.	2001	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761998471	Performance management and appraisal systems,HR tools for global competitiveness	T. Venkateswara Rao		This book explores the many facets of performance management and how it works as well as extends it to encompass individuals, dyads and teams. It focuses on how organisations can enhance performance through building competency, commitment and support. The author demonstrates that a good performance management system has an inherent motivational value since it facilitates learning and brings about role claritywhich helps people focus on performance development. Thus, performance management raises levels of trust creating better communication, and as a consequence a more transparent and productive organisation.	2004	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761932994	The power of 360 degree feedback,maximizing managerial and leadership effectiveness	T. Venkateswara Rao&Raju Rao		This Handbook is a comprehensive and detailed guide to understanding and implementing 360 Degree Feedback, or Multi-Rater Feedback, not only in organizations but also for small groups and individuals.  Features of the book include: an introduction to 360 Degree Feedback, its basic elements and how it must be used; a discussion of the effective personality, its role in organizations and various leadership and managerial styles; an analysis of the critical role of attitude and implementation while using the methodology; an examination of the role of reflection, review and empowerment; and extensive case studies and examples from a variety of settings.	2005-02-01	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9780761958161	Culture and economy after the cultural turn	Larry J. Ray&R. Andrew Sayer		Traditionally social science treated culture as a peripheral issue, but the last 20 years have witnessed a cultural turn throughout the social sciences. Culture is now at the core of debate.  Culture and Economy After the Cultural Turn examines the impact of the cultural turn for the social sciences in relation to the decline of interest in economic aspects of society. It presents a number of responses to the changing relationship between culture and economy, and to the in which the cultural turn has sought to understand it. Contributors from a wide range of disciplines present differing views oon these matters in relation to issues of political sensibilities and movements, equality and recognition, `cultural management', class, ethnicity and gender, and cultural values. This challenging book provides a clear and accessible account of what the cultural turn means. It will be recommended reading for students of cultural studies, sociology, political economy, politics and organization studies.	1999	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761911449	Implementing sexual harassment policy,challenges for the public sector workplace	Laura Ann Reese&Karen E. Lindenberg		Widespread sexual harassment in the public sector makes implementing sexual harassment policy a decidedly necessary task. In this book, the authors focus on the implementation of policy in public sector organizations using an analysis of case studies and survey data. The authors identify four major challenges to implementing sexual harassment policies and examine each starting with a description and concluding with specific recommendations for overcoming the challenges in policy making.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761907268	Learner-centered design,a cognitive view of managing complexity in product, information, and environmental design	Wayne W. Reeves		The issue of complexity, as applied to the way we gather information and learn, is a hallmark of this information age. The sheer amount of data, in addition to the increasingly technological way in which the data are delivered, have had profound effects on the ways in which we process information and, hopefully, learn. In this cutting edge volume, Wayne Reeves, a professor as well as consultant to Sun Microsystems, provides an overview of the field of complexity (including chaos theory, information literacy, and Knowledge Management Tools) and presents a working framework to help guide further research.   Aimed particularly at researchers, professors, and students in the areas of cognitive science and library//information sc	1999-09-09	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803966291	Challenging the mind, touching the heart,best assessment practices	Robert Arthur Reineke		Challenging the Mind, Touching the Heart shows teachers how to assess their own curriculum and instructional strategies along with their assessment of students' performance.	1998	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803936898	Teachers and their workplace,commitment, performance, and productivity	Pedro Reyes		What makes a good, committed teacher, one who comes up with new teaching strategies, ideas and programmes that improve the way children learn? This volume considers this question and such issues as minimum performance standards for teachers, ways of encouraging teachers to do more and whether a radical increase in salary will improve their performance. Contributors examine the how and why of current school standards, with suggestions for future research and, importantly, potential solutions to current problems.	1990-07	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803965591	Successful site-based management,a practical guide	Larry Joseph Reynolds		This practical, hands-on guide provides site-based management teams with the essential steps to implementation that will enable teams to spend less time organizing and establishing policies, and more time focusing on the substantive issues of school change.	1997-02-12	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803988354	Mothers and their children,a feminist sociology of childrearing	Jane Ribbens&Jane Ribbens McCarthy		This volume presents a fresh approach to the analysis of childrearing. By focusing on mothers' own understandings of their childrearing, the author reveals how differences in childrearing are rooted in fundamental ideas about the nature of social life and the place of the individual and the family within it.Broad cultural concepts of family, individuality and the nature of childhood are discussed. The author analyzes the implications of mothers' ideas about these for key childrearing preoccupations of time, discipline and the independence of children. An important theme that emerges is the diversity behind the image of the 'ordinary family'. Drawing on empirical evidence of mothers' concerns and understandings of childrear	1994	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781873942840	ADHD,A Challenging Journey	Anna Richards		`There is no other text that can inform, educate and involve so effectively about the needs of ADHD children in mainstream classrooms. I would recommend that it is included on reading lists for trainee teachers, and is promoted by Special Needs Co-ordinators in schools. - Jane Spencer, De Montfort University  `A remarkable story told with honesty, candour and real strength. It is powerful' - Rt. Revd. Christopher Herbert, Bishop of St Albans  A fascinating and thought-provoking book written by the mother of an eleven year-old with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). This book is cleverly constructed and looks at ADHD from many perspectives.  It follows a 22-hour expedition, but it is also a journey of discovery for Anna's family about how to best help their son.  Peppered with humour, irony, laughter, pain, outrage, discussion and reflection, this book shows a way through the maze of ADHD, and provides a reader-friendly but challenging read.	2003-06-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803928695	Preventing maladjustment from infancy through adolescence	Annette U. Rickel&LaRue Allen		Authoritative and thoroughly researched, Preventing Maladjustment from Infancy Through Adolescence examines the theoretical and historical issues of prevention with children and youth, and delineates those factors which place the individual at risk. The authors begin with an historical overview of prevention research, essential concepts and research practices for identifying populations at risk, and alternative types of intervention programs. Prevention programs are reviewed in relation to several specific types of dysfunctions evident in infancy, childhood, and adolescence. Key topics of contemporary clinical work are covered including emotional problems associated with child abuse, divorce and marital separation, and chronic medical disease. Preventing Maladjustment from Infancy Through Adolescence will serve as an excellent text for advanced level undergraduate and graduate courses dealing with preventive interventions for infants, children, and adolescents. In addition, graduate courses in such areas as clinical, community, and developmental psychology will find this book a highly useful supplemental text. "A superlative selection for the discerning reader with a special interest in psychiatric studies and in jurisprudence." --Midwest Book Review "Thoughtful, well-written, and important contributions to the prevention literature." --Leonard A. Jason, De Paul University "The authors have done mental health professionals a valuable service in pulling together a wide literature on preventive interventions with children. . . . concisely and lucidly written and organized within a developmental framework. Numerous research studies are critically summarized and directions for future research clearly anticipated." --William H. Sack, The Oregon Health Science University "An excellent job in condensing incredibly diverse and complex literatures into a coherent, readable collection of preventive efforts with infants, children, and adolescents. . . . [The authors] convey a sense of excitement about the creative programs that have already been attempted. They eloquently stress the importance of influencing social policy if one is going to turn the goals of prevention and the 'hopes' roused by the demonstration projects into widespread reality for children. . . . A helpful beginning step for those entering any of the fields related to preventive interventions and/or child mental health." --The Community Psychologist "This is an excellent brief introduction that will be much appreciated by teachers of prevention courses. I plan to require it of both my undergraduate and graduate students." --N. Dickon Reppucci, University of Virginia "A lucid and entertaining introduction to the study of language and discourse. The authors analyze social texts of all kinds and offer interesting exemplars to illustrate important concepts and theoretical ideas. Although I disagree with the author's critique of the neo-positivist research tradition, I still found the book provocative." --Mary Anne Fitzpatrick, University of Wisconsin "This volume reflects Rickel and Allen's sensitivity to a variety of developmental prevention issues related to child, parent, and family dysfunction as well as social policy. This book provides a good exposure to the field of prevention and points to excellent references for those interested in establishing prevention programs, evaluating program effectiveness, or assuming an advocacy role. This is a good book." --Journal of Clinical Child Psychology "A useful book that is readable, concise, and provides a broad sampling of intervention programs for various developmental difficulties. . . . A valuable introduction to preventive interventions. . . . The book serves well as an introduction to a broad field, as a supplemental text, and as an addition to the valuable Developmental Clinical Psychology and Psychiatry series." --Contemporary Psychology "A timely and informative text. . . . Well written, well referenced and authoritative without being dogmatic. It covers European as well as North American studies." --Behaviour Research and Therapy "This is a timely text in the Developmental Clinical Psychology and Psychiatry Series. Like most of the companion texts it is short, well written, well referenced and authoritative without being dogmatic." --Behavior, Research and Therapy	1987-12	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803947542	Narrative analysis	Catherine Kohler Riessman		Recipient of the 1994 Critics' Choice Award from the American Educational Studies Association  "This exposition of the principles of narrative analysis is a crisp and thankfully accessible introduction to a range of more or less formal techniques for the interpretation of first-person oral narratives. . . . Riessman organizes her discussion in a down-to-earth way. . . ." --Patricia Uberoi in Contributions to Indian Sociology "Her concise and well-organized book, Narrative Analysis, contributes important insights to the qualitative methods literature. It is directed toward scholars and graduate students of various disciplines, as a methodological guide for analyzing transcripts of first-person stories or experiences. The book is also relevant for researchers interested in the substantive areas of women's lives and medical sociology . . . . Riessman's book provides a useful guide for marketing researchers; particularly those aligned with the interpretive camp . . . . because marketing researchers are increasingly interested in studying both consumers' and managers' stories. . . Narrative Analysis should be useful to an even wider audience."  --George M. Zinkhan & Denise E. Delorme in Journal of Marketing "Catherine Kohler Riessman's handbook not only provides a basic introduction to the social scientist using narrative as a tool, but also offers a strand of feminist research as her central example . . . . It is a useful text to include in course offerings on discourse analysis." --Discourse and Society "The book offers communication researchers some of the best recent work on qualitative inquiry in the human disciplines . . . . Published by Sage, the leading publisher of qualitative research in the social sciences today . . . . The heart of her tightly argued text turns on forms of narrative (linked stories, conversations, life stories) and their analysis . . . . This work should be read against and alongside Atkinson and Silverman . . . . This work brings the communication scholar up-to-date on where qualitative methods are in current sociological and educational discourse." --Norman K. Denzin in Journal of Communication "[This book] does what it intends to do and does that clearly and with lively and interesting examples. I think both students and teachers will find it compelling and useful. I plan to assign it in my seminar on narrative and description next semester." --Jay Gubrium, University of Florida "In this text, Catherine Kohler Riessman discusses many of the important questions that face narrative scholars. As such, the book is a good introductory text for narrative methodology. For those who have read within the field previously, this work reminds the reader of some of the important questions that need to be addressed in narrative work . . . . This text is a valuable effort in an attempt to synthesize some of the main aspects of narrative methodology." --Journal of Contemporary Ethnography "An excellent resource for individuals interested in the systematic use of narrative in social science research." --The American Journal of Family Therapy People tell stories to help organize and make sense of their lives. In the past, their narratives have often been torn apart by social scientists looking for themes, variables, and specific answers to specific questions. But in recent years, the development of narrative analysis has given life to the study of the narrative as a form of information for social research. Why are they constructed as they are? How does one dissect a narrative to understand the lived experience of the narrator? What steps can the researcher take to translate these tales and life stories into usable research? Catherine Kohler Riessman provides a detailed primer on the use of narrative analysis, its theoretical underpinnings and worldview, and the methods it uses. Replete with examples and transcriptions from previous narrative studies, her book is a useful introduction to this growing body of literature.	1993	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803947245	Ethnic minority media,an international perspective	Stephen Harold Riggins		This book focuses on the challenge of ethnic survival and empowerment and discusses the positive role that ethnic minority media play in the process. Examining print and broadcast media, as well as linguistic and cultural diversity, the contributors provide a broad international sampling of case studies spanning a variety of ethnic minorities and countries, each representing a different set of cultural, political and economic conditions. Cases studied include the United States (Hispanic and Native), Great Britain (Welsh), Ireland (Irish), Canada (Native), Australia (Aboriginal), Israel (Romanian), France (Occitan and Basque), Greenland (Inuit), Chile (Native) and Algeria (Berber). The book also contains valuable introductory and concluding	1992	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761907282	The language and politics of exclusion,others in discourse	Stephen Harold Riggins		This volume brings together articles that apply critical discourse analysis to texts and speech which contribute to the marginalizaton of minority groups. Studying both the fine detail of language use and the political values implicated by word choice, the contributors demonstrate the usefulness of linguistic perspectives in advancing the study of prejudice and social inequality.Journalists and academics can contribute unwittingly to the marginalization and denigration of others. A better understanding of the ways in which discourses operate might contribute to the more efficient self-monitoring on the part of any writer. This book's in-depth look into the issue helps lead the way.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761992707	Negotiation and social space,a gendered analysis of changing kin and security networks in South Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa	Carla Risseeuw&Kamala Ganesh		An AltaMira Press Book  Deviating significantly from the existing discourses on family and kinship, this volume of original essays (a companion to SHIFTING CIRCLES OF SUPPORT, AltaMira Press, 1996) offers a fresh conceptualization which views individuals and, then, relationships as crucial elements.Through a combination of macro and micro perspectives, it provides a comparative and gendered analysis of shifts within marriage, family kin and social networks of people who live in societies undergoing substantial change in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia. The analysis develops a critique of certain hegemonic qualities of the term "family," its supposedly unchanging character, as well as its assumed harmonious nature. In fact, the family is viewed as a primary social arena where relationships are constantly renegotiated and which, while providing valuable security and support, also contains exploitation and violence. Overall, the volume articulates a fresh approach to kinship and family through which subtle erosions in the security of vulnerable individuals--not only women, but also children and the elderly--can be uncovered. It highlights the importance of the comparative perspective and the urgency of adopting such an approach for policy initiatives.	1998	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761943150	Pierre Bourdieu 2	Derek Robbins		This sequel to the successful Pierre Bourdieu (4 Vols) edited by Derek Robbins in 2000. Bourdieu died in 2002 and the new set extends the critical appreciation of his achievement and considers responses to his work that have occurred since his death. The four volumes are divided into seven sections: Globalization; Interviews; Methodology and Philosophy of Social Science; Concepts Revisited; Some examples of the socio-political engagement of the intellectual; Critiques; Reviews and Obituaries. The sheer scale of Bourdieu's achievements is slowly being recognized. His work in developing relational sociology, criticizing distributive injustice and exposing how power operates amounts to one of the first-rank of major, durable contributions in post-war Sociology.Robbins is one of the best informed and stimulating critical interpreters of Bourdieu's thought. He has a range of knowledge to enable illuminating connections to be made with philosophy, sociology, culture and politics. This is the perfect complement to Pierre Bourdieu (2000) and enables readers to revitalize their understanding of this prominent social thinker. Derek Robbins is Professor of International Social Theory, University of East London VOLUME // PART TITLES: I. Globalisation.II. Interviews.III. Methodology and philosophy of social science.IV. Concepts revisited.V. Some examples of the socio-political engagement of the intellectual.VI. Critiques.VII. Reviews//obituaries.	2004-12-31	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803967823	Thinking inside the block schedule,strategies for teaching in extended periods of time	Pamela Robbins&Gayle Gregory&Lynne E. Herndon		This book is full of practical, instructional strategies to help foster high levels of student achievement in the block schedule. It contains strategies for differentiation, powerful brain-based teaching techniques, creative approaches to productively organizing extended periods of time, and proactive classroom management tips. It adds to the repertoire every teacher needs to assure no child is left behind in the teaching-learning process.	2000-04-20	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803985131	Talcott Parsons,theorist of modernity	Roland Robertson&Bryan S. Turner		This volume offers a reappraisal of Parsons' work by leading social theorists, who place his writing at the centre of current controversies over modernity, postmodernity and globalization. The wide-ranging discussion encompasses Parsons' value commitments and his place in American social theory, the problems of interpreting his work today, his conception of world history, and the contemporary neofunctionalist movement. Parsons' own work is represented by a previously neglected essay on American values that is central to an understanding of his analysis of modernization.	1991	Sage Publication						ZZZ000000
9780951923009	Towards the twenty-first century,the challenge for small business	Martyn Robertson&Elizabeth Chell&Colin Mason		'As a crystal-gazing exercise, this book has much merit. It certainly highlights the fact that small business has an important role to play in the future economic survival of the world as we know it!' - Enterprise Magazine As the start of a new millennium approaches, new opportunities and challenges face the small-business sector in economies across the world, whether in developed countries, newly industrialized countries, developing countries, or the merging-market economies of Eastern Europe. The policies for developing small enterprises followed in the past are not necessarily those which will be needed to face the challenges to come. What is certain, however, is that small firms will play a large part in rejuvenating the economies of Eastern Europe, expanding those of the West, and growing those of the developing world.  This book analyzes the opportunities, problems and challenges for the small-firms sector as the millennium approaches. Specialists examine a wide range of issues, which it is essential policymakers, politicians, academic researchers, and all those involved in economic development should know about and understand. The book examines such fields as informal risk capital and other aspects of the provision of finance, small business and the state, small firm turbulence, the controversial question of enterprise culture, growth characteristics in small and medium-sized manufacturers, women in self-employment, the growing phenomenon of home-working, particularly in the high technology sector, networking, and the increasingly important service sector.  The papers were presented at the 13th National Small Firms' Policy and Research Conference in 1990.  Published on behalf of UKEMRA.	1992-07-28	Nadamal Books						ZZZ000000
9780803952614	Deceit, delusion, and detection	William Peter Robinson		Who tells lies? Why do people tell lies and when are they deemed acceptable? Written from a social psychology perspective on the use of language, this is a fascinating examination of these and related questions.Illustrating the book with a diversity of institutional and interpersonal contexts, W Peter Robinson explores ways in which people develop their skills of deception and also discusses the feasibility and art of lie detection. He reveals the cultural biases inherent in various modes and interpretations of lying, focusing in particular on the Western world and its values.	1996-04-16	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761964797	Managing development,understanding inter-organizational relationships	Dorcas Robinson&Tom Hewitt&John Harriss&Open University		Managing Development is an authoritative text for all courses in development management, and provides insights into the partnership approach to development. It demonstrates how changing institutional imperatives, terminology and political agendas have resulted in new types of relationships emerging between groups and organizations in the development process. The book examines these opportunities, both by analysing the underlying concepts and agendas, and by thinking explicitly about what these mean for management practice. The contributors suggest ways in which inter-organizational relationships can be worked out in practice, and provide examples and case studies which explore ways of managing real-life complexities in development ma	2000	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761997825	Sociology of religion in India	Rowena Robinson		Focused on the theme of the sociology of religion, this volume brings together essays by well-known scholars which examine the resurgence of religious identities in the Indian context. The contributors question many received notions, address critical problems, and raise important issues surrounding various current debates./-//-/The papers are divided into four sections. The first deals with religion, society and national identity. The next section is devoted to sects, cults, shrines and the making of traditions. The third section discusses religious conversion, while the last section provides a comparative perspective drawn from Pakistan, Bangladesh, Trinidad and Tobago, and the United States. /-//-/Tackling a subject of immense contemporary importance and demonstrating a sensitivity to the shifts and changes brought about in faith, identity and tradition, this volume will be of considerable interest to students of sociology, anthropology, religion, politics and history./-//-/This book is one of the Indian Sociological Society: Golden Jubilee Volumes.	2004	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781847873637	Behaviour management with young children,crucial first steps with children 3-7 years	Bill Rogers&Elizabeth McPherson		'What a privilege to read a book written by the person that has had the most impact on my classroom teaching and the whole ethos of our school. Behaviour Management with Young Children brings together Bill's insight into behaviour management and Elizabeth's understanding of young children and has resulted in a practical and realistic behaviour management manual that will be easily accessible to teachers in the early years...I shall be recommending it to all my teaching and support staff as essential reading' - Debbie Hoy, Headteacher, Brookland Infant & Nursery School, Cheshunt, Hertfordshire 'As headteacher of an Infant and Nursery School with children from 3-7 years old, Bill and Elizabeth's book is what we have been waiting for. A comprehensive guide to the effective behaviour management of our youngest children, it will be essential reading for all our staff...This is a book which can easily be read from cover to cover, as it is difficult to put down, but for busy practitioners it is equally useful to dip into if you want help with a specific aspect of behaviour management. [The] approaches are firmly based on sound theory and what works with children, and Elizabeth clearly describes the practical and effective application of those ideas in the earliest years of education. The book is a delight to read and will be a constant source of inspiration and guidance to us all' - Cathy Whalen, Headteacher, Mousehold Infant and Nursery School, Norwich, Norfolk 'With their feet firmly planted in the reality of the classroom Bill and Elizabeth show how subtle changes to everyday interchanges between adults and pupils can have an enormous impact upon pupil success. It is amazing how simple yet effective the strategies outlined here are. The ideas and concepts shared in the book are accessible to all staff and we can all recognise some of ourselves and our pupils in Bill's delightful illustrations. This book will make a difference not only to the behaviour of pupils but also to the sanity of teachers. It is a must for every staff room!' - Jane Bellamy, Headteacher, Wold Newton School, Wold Newton, Driffield, East Riding of Yorkshire Written by Behaviour Management expert, Bill Rogers and his daughter, Early Years teacher, Elizabeth MacPherson, this will be an essential book for all Early Years students, infant teachers, support staff and school leaders. This book explores behaviour management in the crucial early years of schooling in an accessible and practical way. The authors emphasise the establishment phase of a teacher's relationship with a new class. The essential skills are explored in detail through a wide range of case studies. The authors cover all the major topics such as: - challenging student behaviour - positive discipline practice - behaviour recovery practice - helping students with special behaviour needs - how colleague support can help our day-to-day teaching - how to set up and maintain a whole-class behaviour agreement.	2008-04-11	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9781412923569	Cracking the Hard Class	Bill Rogers		Praise for the First Edition:  `In Cracking the Hard Class, the undisputed master of behaviour management, Bill Rogers, shows us that being an effective teacher isn't a result of God-given gifts of charisma and presence, but can be developed through a series of specific skills and learns actions. It's one of the mot useful books around for new teachers... If you can catch him live on one of his UK roadshows, you're in for a real treat. This practical approach from a writer who has clearly retained at least a notional foot in the classroom is the one that works best for me' - Geoff Barton, The Times Education Supplement  `This book would certainly be invaluable to colleagues in the school where some had done the course and others had learnt it second hand. It would have a place in the staffroom of most schools, especially in the secondary sector. Bill Rogers is clearly a charismatic teacher what he offers is based on secure knowledge of child psychology, classroom dynamics and staffroom politics' - Emotional & Behavioural Difficulties  `This is an excellent book for teachers at any key stage who have one or more "difficult" pupils in their class, as well as those with the "hard class". It provides simple and effective behaviour management strategies and makes you realise you are not alone and that it's okay to have a bad day. It mainly discusses secondary education but does refer to primary. Many of the strategies are suitable for all levels anyway. An absolute must-have for a teacher' - Amazon Review  At some point in every teacher's career he/she will encounter the `hard class' and from day one the countdown to the end of the day, term and year is on in earnest. But as demanding as it may be, a difficult class does not have to dominate and permeate through all waking moments. Bill Rogers, in Cracking the Hard Class, Second Edition, highlights many practical strategies that can be implemented to overcome the hard class syndrome.  These include: identifying what makes a class `hard'; developing a class behaviour plan; developing colleague support; following up on disruptive students; changing patterns of bad behaviour; and assisting relief teachers and the hard class.  As well as constructive ideas and strategies, Cracking the Hard Class, Second Edition also highlights the normality of the pressures and stress felt by teachers dealing with these classes.	2006-10-31	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780826455666	Dreams and drama,psychoanalytic criticism, creativity and the artist	Alan Roland			2002-01-30	Continuum						ZZZ000000
9780826455673	Dreams and drama,psychoanalytic criticism, creativity and the artist	Alan Roland			2002-11-28	Continuum						ZZZ000000
9780803982741	The loyalties of voters,a lifetime learning model	Richard Rose&Ian McAllister		What determines the loyalties of voters? The factors identified by social scientists range from a politician's last-minute television appeal to the social class of the voter's parents. But which of the many influences are most important electorally? For the first time The Loyalties of Voters offers a convincing answer, firmly based on an analysis of three decades of electoral behaviour.	1990	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761900221	Preventing heterosexism and homophobia	Esther D. Rothblum&Lynne A. Bond		In addition to the stresses of everyday life, gay men, lesbians and bisexuals experience multiple pressures and constraints related to their chosen lifestyles. This volume examines the gay and lesbian experience in light of this additional tension - which can result in psychopathology - and points towards a future free of heterosexism.The internationally renowned contributors argue that the stress of `coming out', uncertainties concerning parenting children, and the difficulties facing ethnic minority lesbians, gay men and bisexuals cannot be adequately addressed without confronting the heterosexual bias in society. They propose methods geared towards eliminating heterosexual bias in a number of settings, including health	1996-08-06	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178299167	Cases In Leadership	Rowe		Cases in Leadership is a unique collection of 30 real-world leadership cases from Ivey Publishing plus fourteen practitioner readings from the Ivey Business Journal. This casebook helps business students gain a better understanding of leadership and enables them to be more effective leaders through their careers. The selected cases are about complex leadership issues that require the attention of the decision maker in each case.Key Features- Presents real-world cases related to leadership: Cases illustrate the complex nature of leadership in organizations from around the world.- Provides an entire chapter on strategic leadership: This chapter introduces students to a concise description of cutting-edge thinking on strategic leadership.- Generates classroom discussion: Cases let students grapple with actual decisions that real-world managers have faced.- Offers much more than a collection of cases: W Glenn Rowe provides summaries of concepts, helpful discussion questions, and readings for each chapter.Intended AudienceThis supplement text is intended for advanced undergraduate and graduate leadership courses taught in management departments, schools of public administration, and communication departments. It is organized to work especially well in conjunction with the fourth edition of Peter Northouse`s Leadership: Theory and Practice (SAGE, 2007), but it is suitable for use with any standard textbook on leadership.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761993889	Indian politics and the 1998 election,regionalism, Hindutva, and state politics	Ramashray Roy&Paul Wallace		In its analysis of the 1998 General Election in India, this book: provides comparative data on previous elections; explores changes in the party system; emphasizes the importance of regionalism; and considers the role of social factors such as caste, ethnicity and religion as influences in voting behaviour.	1999	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761909811	Understanding organized crime in global perspective,a reader	Patrick J. Ryan&George Eugene Rush		Long encouraged by the International Association for the Study of Organized Crime, the current research on this broad and intriguing topic is systematically brought together in this exemplary reader. Understanding Organized Crime in Global Perspective presents a rich collection of articles by outstanding researchers in the field who examine empirical research examples, salient issues and their explication, and provide a theoretical foundation as a guide for further explorations. Skillfully edited by Patrick J. Ryan and George E. Rush, this accessible and timely volume focuses on such particular areas of study and recent trends as: the nature of organized crime; theoretical perspectives; organized crime in Russia, Eastern Europe and Hong Kong, with predictions for the next century; the diversity of activities and structures; and how the law enforcement community responds to organized crime.	1997-09-09	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780826458186	Orthodox and alternative medicine,politics, professionalization, and health care	Mike Saks		'There's no book like it. It's Saks' subject and he's good' - Roy Porter  This fascinating book explores the changing relationship between orthodox and alternative medicine in Britain and the United States from the 16th century to the present day. Mike Saks sees the development of orthodox and alternative medicine as two sides of the same coin and his analysis centers on the role of professionalization in health care. In the sixteenth century, the line between orthodox and alternative medicine was blurred. By the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, the increasing professionalization of orthodox bio-medicine had marginalized medical alternatives. In recent years, following the growth of a strong counter-culture in the 1960s and 1970s, perceptions of the relationship between the two forms of practice have begun to change again. The de-professionalization of orthodox medicine is being debated, while ironically, alternative medicine has become increasingly professionalized.   Mike Saks considers the political dynamics of the process of professionalization, and looks at the dilemmas posed for both medical orthodoxy and alternative medicine in the development of a more integrated health care system in Britain and America in the future.	2003	Continuum						ZZZ000000
9781412907453	Studying childhood and early childhood,a guide for students	Kay Sambell&Sue Miller&Mel Gibson		"An excellent contribution to the literature, the text is clear and dynamic. Extremely useful for new students, those wanting to work in Children's Services and those returning to study."-Margy WhalleyPen Green Centre, CorbyAre you looking for a handy guide to childhood and early childhood studies? Concentrating on the skills that students need to master in order to do well on childhood and early childhood courses, this book is a clear and practical guide to all the key areas. Included is advice on:  Getting to grips with key course themes Understanding different theoretical views of the child Analysing various approaches to working with children and young people Making the transition from personal experience of children to studying childhood at university Producing successful assignments Making the most of your lectures Drawing on a range of university resources including people, services and research visits Examples from students' work are featured, and students talk about thier own experiences. There is plenty of help and practical advice - no matter what your academic experience, this book will offer you a helping hand through your course.Kay Sambell has a Chair in Learning and Teaching and is Course Leader for the Childhood Studies Degree at Northumbria University.Sue Miller is the Lead Officer and a senior strategic Children's Centre manager within Early Education and Childcare Services for Newcastle.Mel Gibson teaches on a range of Childhood Studies courses at different institutions.  	2005-07-25	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9781412907460	Studying childhood and early childhood,a guide for students	Kay Sambell&Sue Miller&Mel Gibson		"An excellent contribution to the literature, the text is clear and dynamic. Extremely useful for new students, those wanting to work in Children's Services and those returning to study."-Margy WhalleyPen Green Centre, CorbyAre you looking for a handy guide to childhood and early childhood studies? Concentrating on the skills that students need to master in order to do well on childhood and early childhood courses, this book is a clear and practical guide to all the key areas. Included is advice on:  Getting to grips with key course themes Understanding different theoretical views of the child Analysing various approaches to working with children and young people Making the transition from personal experience of children to studying childhood at university Producing successful assignments Making the most of your lectures Drawing on a range of university resources including people, services and research visits Examples from students' work are featured, and students talk about thier own experiences. There is plenty of help and practical advice - no matter what your academic experience, this book will offer you a helping hand through your course.Kay Sambell has a Chair in Learning and Teaching and is Course Leader for the Childhood Studies Degree at Northumbria University.Sue Miller is the Lead Officer and a senior strategic Children's Centre manager within Early Education and Childcare Services for Newcastle.Mel Gibson teaches on a range of Childhood Studies courses at different institutions.  	2005-07-25	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803967304	Girls can succeed in science!,antidotes for science phobia in boys and girls	Linda S. Samuels		You'll learn specific techniques you can apply immediately to help all students overcome the misconception that "we are not good at science."	1999	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803979215	Counselling for psychosomatic problems	Diana Sanders		New approaches from cognitive therapy have made significant advances toward helping clients with psychosomatic problems. A practical and comprehensive guide, Counseling for Psychosomatic Problems presents a cognitive way of working with clients who present for counseling with physical symptoms, but where psychological issues or problems are causing or maintaining those symptoms. While taking the reader through the different stages of the counseling process, author Diana Sanders examines common somatic problems, such as atypical chest pain, and covers the factors that maintain the problems. She not only discusses the difficulties of clearly defining whether an illness is physical or psychological but also probes the inherent challenges of working with clients who may not see the relevance of counseling to their somatic problems. This guide also addresses psychological categories and terminology as well as techniques for developing the therapeutic process. This volume will be particularly informative to professionals, researchers, and researchers in counseling and social work.	1996-06-06	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761993438	Matriliny transformed,family, law, and ideology in twentieth century Travancore	Kunjulekshmi Saradamoni		This book examines what matriliny, the right to live in and be maintained by their taravad (natal home, or matrilineal joint family), means to women, and how and why it changed in Travancore, an independent state till it was merged with Kerala in 1947.	1999-06-15	Sage						ZZZ000000
9787619933202	Culture, Socialization And Human Development : Theory, Research And Applications In India	Saraswathi			1999	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803940314	Big city politics in transition	H. V. Savitch&John Clayton Thomas		This volume examines how government and administration in America's largest cities have changed between 1960 and 1990. Each chapter traces demographic and economic changes over this vital, and at times turbulent, thirty year period explaining what those changes mean for politics, policies and the general quality of life. Analytic and comparative chapters extract patterns and variations which emerge from the city profiles. Each profile addresses common issues in socio-economic, coalitional, institutional, process, values and policy changes in the following American cities: Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Detroit, St. Louis, Atlanta, Miami, New Orleans, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Seattle.	1991	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803958906	Regional politics,America in a post-city age	H. V. Savitch&Ronald K. Vogel		This collection presents a comparative study on the emerging regional nature of local and urban politics in the United States. Recent studies have tended to focus on the politics and power of inner cities or on suburban areas which have gained incredible strength in the past decade. Regional Politics, however, explores how politics works in the extended metropolis which both includes and surrounds the urban core and whose economy, society and politics are integrally joined. Through detailed case studies of 10 cities in the US, the book: looks at the development of regional patterns; analyzes the impact regionalism has on urban politics; and outlines an overall approach.	1996	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780826455680	The vitality of objects,exploring the work of Christopher Bollas	Joseph Scalia			2002-01-30	Continuum						ZZZ000000
9780826455697	The vitality of objects,exploring the work of Christopher Bollas	Joseph Scalia			2002-01-30	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803953550	Handbook of Counseling and Psychotherapy with Men	Murray Scher&Gregg A. Eichenfield		Now available in paper, this handbook presents a comprehensive examination of all areas of therapy with men with an emphasis on masculist therapy. The contributors integrate the theoretical and research literatures on psychotherapy and male gender roles, and explore the effect of those roles on therapy.Theoretical considerations and research findings are anchored in practical suggestions and anecdotal or case examples. A section introducing the techniques and perspectives of masculist therapy is followed by sections which highlight specific problems faced by men relevant to age, ethnicity and special circumstances, such as counselling men with AIDS, single fathers, men in dual-career marriages and men who batter women.	1987-12	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781412972949	Leading 21st-Century Schools,Harnessing Technology for Engagement and Achievement	Lynne Schrum&Barbara B. Levin		Aligned to the ISTE NETS standards for administrators, this guide provides an actionable plan for integrating new technology into teaching and learning and realizing measurable improvement.	2009	Corwin						ZZZ000000
9780761917908	The 8% solution,preventing serious, repeat juvenile crime	Michael Allen Schumacher&Gwen A. Kurz		The public perception is that juvenile crime is out-of- hand and that no one can do anything about it. Research, however, shows that a mere 8% of juvenile offenders arrested and sent to juvenile court commit more than half of all repeat juvenile crimes, including violence. And, something is being done about it! The surprising fact is that this "8%" can be picked out at the time of their first arrest. This book represents seven years of research on 6,400 young people having their first brush with the law in Orange County, California. It provides an exemplary state-supported model now used in six other California counties to curb the rise in the arrest of kids. A practical, commonsense guide, this book focuses on long-term solutions to the problem of serious repeat juvenile crime and offers a proven pathway for improvement. The 8% Solution informs students, policy makers, criminal justice professionals, juvenile courts, probation departments, and parents of how to mount a successful response. Written in narrative style with a liberal use of anecdotal incidents, this is an easy-to-read description of the characteristics of kids who repeatedly get in trouble with the law and more cost-effective ways to correct the problem.	2000	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803929678	Linking auditing and metaevaluation,enhancing quality in applied research	Thomas A. Schwandt&Edward Scott Halpern		"I have reviewed the Thomas A. Schwandt and Edward S. Halpern book and find it to be both timely and a needed resource in the area of program evaluation." --Robert W. Covert, Evaluation Research Center, University of Virginia "Very clearly and systematically presented and will be of considerable value to evaluation practitioners and consumers of evaluation reports as well as to those directly involved in the conduct of meta-evaluations. For the meta-evaluator this book is probably the clearest and most comprehensive handbook available, and it will surely be found invaluable by anyone required to conduct a meta-evaluation of either a naturalistic or a conventional evaluation. Evaluation practitioners will find the book extremely helpful as it will force them to think more rigorously about the design and execution of their studies and to document more carefully their work. . . . This is an extremely well written and useful book which is sure to find a wide audience among all who are concerned with assessing and enhancing the quality of evaluations." --Evaluation Practice This book provides a detailed discussion of the use of an auditing model for judging the quaity of naturalistic inquiries. The approach can be used retrospectively in judging the quality or trustworthiness of a naturalistic study upon its completion. It can be applied prospectively as well in planning a naturalistic study, for example in determining what ought to be placed in an audit trail and what might be done to increase the likelihood that trustworthiness criteria will be satisfied at the conclusion of the study. Detailed information is provided on constructing an audit trail from the written materials generated in a naturalistic study, conducting an audit (including specific auditor tasks and questions that focus the audit examination), and preparing an audit report.	1988	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780803973695	Researching sexual violence against women,methodological and personal perspectives	Martin D. Schwartz		This compelling book provides cutting-edge information on studies on sexual violence against women conducted on North American campuses - and simultaneously contradicts backlash critics who claim that feminists exaggerate their statistics.  Well-known researchers in the field describe their own work and that of others to illustrate both large-scale and local studies. Topics discussed include: researchers' own emotional experiences of working with rape research; experiences of harassment by subjects; feminist participatory research into lesbian battering; reflexivity in studying prostitutes; the gendered nature of research interviews; and white women studying battered black women.	1997-02-24	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761954071	Man enough,embodying masculinities	Victor J. Seidler		In this book, one of the leading contributors to the growing debate about men, masculinities, and sexual politics, Victor J. Seidler, criticizes the Enlightenment coupling of white, heterosexual masculinity with "reason." He argues that in modern society, masculinity can never be taken for granted. Men must always prove that they are "man enough" to cope in the "correct" way with the problems and challenges of everyday life. Seidler believes that men have to break this chain of obligations to the Enlightenment notion of masculinity. Through engaging with mens diverse relationships with their bodies, sexualities, emotional lives, feelings, and desires, Seidler explores ways of affirming masculinities while critically engaging with the power that men have in the wider society. The book is also a contribution to antisexist politics. Seidler is interested in taking on those forms of mens politics that find it difficult to engage with mens power and society and also those who take it for granted that male power is normal and natural. He seeks to recognize both the power that white, heterosexual masculinities have in shaping forms of philosophy and social theory while at the same time recognizing that masculinity cannot be simply defined as a relationship of power.	1997-11-24	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178299143	Cases In Organizational Behavior	GERARD H SEIJTS		Cases in Organizational Behavior has been designed to help develop an understanding of, and appreciation for, the various challenges, dilemmas, and constraints that decision makers face in real organizational settings. The cases are made up of actual events and address globalization, managing a diverse workforce, motivation, and leadership. Together, these cases provide students with the opportunity to practice and hone analytical skills, decision making skills, application skills, planning skills, and oral communication skills.The casebook is divided into four chapters:- Building Effective Organizations- Leading People- Team Management- Change ManagementCases in Organizational Behavior can be used as a core text in courses that require the structure of a text. This book of cases can also be used to apply the principles in business and management courses, as well as in psychology courses.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761964605	Environmental planning,the conservation and development of biophysical resources	Paul H. Selman		This successful book has been completely revised and updated and is a comprehensive overview of the principles and practices of planning rural and urban environments. Introducing general ideas rather than specific practices, the book assumes little prior knowledge and includes concise introductions to the nature and purpose of town planning; wildlife and landscape protection; and pollution control. This edition pays particular attention to the scientific and social scientific background to environmental planning. Specific topics covered include: environmentally-sustainable agriculture; mulit-purpose forestry; the management of designated areas; urban wildlife; land resource evaluation; and environmental impact assessment. The conclusion reviews methods for managing information and making decisions.	2000-02-11	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803992962	Participatory communication for social change	Jan Servaes&Thomas L. Jacobson&Shirley A. White		Participation has been the emerging theme of debate in the field of development. However, participatory communication and the impact of setting goals for social change through participatory development have not been fully discussed in the literature. An exciting addition to this area, Participatory Communication for Social Change carefully examines the enormous potential of participation in development. With an introduction that stresses the importance of cultural identity and democratization at all levels, the volume presents theoretical perspectives in relation to policy issues and political ideologies. It also explores diverse methodological perspectives and applies this discussion to five significant case studies that articulate specific experiences in interfacing theory and practice. Each contributor focuses on the importance of participatory communication in third-world development and stimulates new thinking about the theory and reality of participation, particularly the practical realities of applying theory at grassroots levels. This volume is a thought-provoking contribution to the continuing process of understanding participation in the field of development communication. Participatory Communication for Social Change will be of primary interest to development practitioners, funding agencies, field workers, and researchers in development, development communication, and sociology.	1996-03-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761995449	Land Reforms in India: Performance and challenges in Gujarat and Maharashtra	Ghanshyam Shah&D. C. Sah		This volume is part of an on-going series on land reforms and focuses on the states of Gujarat and Maharashtra. It analyses land reform legislation, their implementation, and the factors responsible for their success or failure. It also studies the nature and role of people's movements in building pressure on the state for land rights, the position vis--vis common property resources, the role of technology in enhancing production and equity, and the survival of the significant tribal populations.	2002	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803992603	Making farmers' co-operatives work,design, governance, and management	Tushaar Shah			1995-10-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788178291048	Handbook Of Relationship Marketing	Sheth		As businesses increasingly stress the importance of cooperation and collaboration with suppliers and customers, relationship marketing is emerging as the `core` of all marketing activity. Editors Jagdish N Sheth and Atul Parvatiyar have assembled an authoritative cast of chapter contributors and crafted a volume that will become the seminal, founding work in this growing field. Their approach is eclectic, including a broad coverage of topics, diverse theoretical and conceptual paradigms, and global viewpoints.	2002-01-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761942856	The body and social theory	Chris Shilling		Praise for the First Edition:  `Essential to any collection of work on the body, health and illness, or social theory' - Choice  `Sophisticated ... and acutely perceptive of the importance of the complex dialectic between social institutions, culture and biological conditions' - Times Higher Education Supplement  `Chris Shilling has done us all a splendid service in bringing together and illustrating the tremendous diversity and richness of sociological thinking on the topic of human embodiment and its implications' -  Sociological Review  This updated edition of the bestselling text retains all the strengths of the first edition. Chris Shilling: provides a critical survey of the field; demonstrates how developments in diet, sexuality, reproductive technology, genetic engineering and sports science have made the body a site for social alternatives and individual choices; and elucidates the practical uses of theory in striking and accessible ways.  In addition, new, original material: explores the latest feminist, phenomenological and action-oriented approaches to the body; examines the latest work on `body projects' and the relationship between the body and self-identity; and outlines a compelling theoretical framework that provides a radical basis for the consolidation of body studies.	2003-04-21	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803962859	Expecting excellence,creating order out of chaos in a school district	Judith A. Shipengrover&James A. Conway		The experiences of an educational organization that went through significant reform over a 13-year period are described in this book. The Kenmore-Tonawonda school district in the United States underwent changes in size, structure, leadership and skills to eventually become a nationally recognized school district of excellence.	1996	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803996724	Ecology and the politics of survival,conflicts over natural resources in India	Vandana Shiva		In this volume, through case studies of forest conflicts and water conflicts in India, the authors have exposed the grim situation in a forceful and logical manner. Its logic does not remain confined to the Indian boundaries alone but extends to all over the world in general. . . . Dr. Vandana Shiva and her colleagues deserve profound admiration for their excellent work. It is a prize book, worthwhile to read and possess. --Indian Book Chronicle Relatively little has been written on India's ecological problems as they relate to political struggles: Shiva's stands apart as an essential treatise on the subject. --The Bookwatch The authors are some of the well-known experts in the field. . . . The book is worth reading, as it provides a comprehensive and in-depth current discussion on the issues of water and forest in India. --Development Update Due to thoughtless acts, our environment has endured harsh treatment, and in many cases, irreversible damage. Only now are we beginning to see some of the damage we have caused. Sponsored by the United Nation University's Programme on Peace and Global Transformation, this insightful volume analyzes ecology movements in contemporary society and the resulting conflicts over vital natural resources. The discussed theme relates to societies universally, and specifically addresses the intense and emerging social contradictions related to conflicts over natural resources rapidly surfacing in India. Looked at from a direct Third World perspective, rather than speculated by an outside perspective, the book examines how ecology movements have questioned the validity of dominant concepts of economic development in the world today. Shiva discusses thefundamental assumptions of modern economic development responsible for the conflicts and environmental degradation, and proposes a new development theory which supports sustainable development and the people's rights to justice and peace. Ecology and Politics of Survival will interest students and professors alike in ecology, environmental studies, development studies, sociology, and social studies of science. This work provides insights into the interlinkages between natural resource utilization and developmental priorities in India. . . . The book is an excellent contribution as it supports ecologists' sentiments with scientific data. It provides an insight into the unseen dimension of development programs. --Productivity The author provides systematic conceptual framework for analyzing the processes and structures of modern economic development from an ecological perspective. --Finance India The book under review by an author, who is both a scholar and an activist herself, is an eloquent expression of the ecological critique. The book, written in association with seven others, including the late B. V. Krishnamurthy, offers a well-articulated theoretical critique as well as a documentation of the conflicts over natural resources that took place in India in the seventies and the eighties. --Indian Journal of Agricultural Economics Indian writers about ecology and development, and Vandana Shiva in particular, are beginning to achieve the international attention they deserve. . . . It is a pioneering work because it provides an accessible set of explanations against which other case studies can be established and tested. . . . This powerful text by Shiva and colleagues . . . canhelp realize a change in training and thinking which we are all waiting for. --Pacific Affairs	1991	United Nations University Press						ZZZ000000
9780761994541	Corporate crisis management,challenges for survival	S. Shiva Ramu		This unique book provides a conceptual understanding of crisis management, amply supported by real-life examples. It contains valuable suggestions on how corporations can minimize post-crisis financial losses or damage their reputation. With its exhaustive coverage, balanced analysis and practical utility, this timely book will be invaluable for CEOs, financial risk managers, insurance professionals, and corporate planners. It will also interest business executives, researchers and students of mangement.	2000-07-14	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9780761992172	Corporate growth through mergers and acquisitions	S. Shiva Ramu			1998-06-01	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9780803962637	Beyond desegregation,the politics of quality in African-American schooling	Mwalimu J. Shujaa		This book presents a discussion among scholars about the need for, implications of and critical issues involved in looking beyond school desegregation to focus on the quality of African American schooling.The strategy of school desegregation is examined in the context of the power used by whites to control policy-making and implementation. The use of power by African Americans to resist schooling imposed by whites to maintain oppressive social relations is also discussed.	1996	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761996361	Designing knowledge management architecture,how to implement successful knowledge management programs	Archana Shukla&R. Srinivasan		This book focuses on how organizations can both develop and sustain competitive advantage by managing knowledge. It lucidly spells out the major issues and critical factors involved in the implementation of a successful knowledge management program./-//-/A unique feature of this absorbing book is that it is based on first-hand observation and is, therefore, thoroughly practical in its orientation. The authors maintain that while the deployment of IT is an important ingredient it is not a sufficient condition in itself for successful knowledge management. Instead based on their empirical evidence, they stress the importance of a culture of knowledge sharing and the criticality of complementary systems as being equally essential.	2002-09-01	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9780803976610	Discourses of counselling,HIV counselling as social interaction	David Silverman		In this book, David Silverman offers a fully researched and analytically sensitive account of how counselling, as a process, is dynamically constructed through the interaction of counsellor and client. Drawing on research on counselling of clients undergoing an HIV test, the author explores the ways in which conversations between counsellors and clients reflect, embody and subtly alter assumptions about the purpose, method and practice of counselling.This critical appreciation of the modes of engagement between counsellor and client will be of interest to researchers and students of counselling, psychotherapy and associated helping professions. Practitioners - particularly those involved in HIV and other health counselling - will be stimulated to reflect on and respond to Silverman's analysis in their own practice. The book will also be essential reading for researchers and students in the traditions of sociological work on interactionism, conversation analysis and ethnomethodology, applying these approaches in a sophisticated manner to the interactionist and conversational strategies adopted in a health promotion environment.	1997	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780803965287	Reaching and teaching all children,grassroots efforts that work	Robert Leo Sinclair&Ward J. Ghory		This book presents the findings of the National Coalition of Equality in Learning, an experiment involving over sixty diverse elementary and secondary schools in the US, created to help educators attack the persistent problems of inequity experienced by poor and minority students in education today.	1997	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788170360377	Indian sociology,social conditioning and emerging concerns	Yogendra Singh			1986-07-01	Vistaar Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761998273	Peasant movements in post-colonial India,dynamics of mobilization and identity	Debal K. SinghaRoy		The central concern of this book is to examine in a comparative framework, the ways in which grassroots mobilizations transform and institutionalize themselves, forge new collective identities and articulate new strategies for survival and resistance./-//-/Debal K SinghaRoy focuses on three major radical movementsTebhaga and Naxalite in West Bengal and Telangana in Andhra Pradesh. Based on empirical data and supported by a wide range of secondary sources, the author argues that as spontaneous expressions of discontent against oppression, domination and marginalization turn into institutionalized movements, the space for radical challenge shrinks. As exemplified in West Bengal, the co-option of peasant movements by the state has largely stifled the scope for radical action. In Andhra Pradesh, on the other hand, the relative independence of the grassroots mobilization process has allowed the peasantry to exercise multiple options for collective action.	2004	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780803992320	The cultural context of leadership and power	Jai Ballabha Prasad Sinha			1995-05-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781904315155	Concluding circle time with secondary students,a seven lesson programme for 13 to 14 year olds	Charlie Smith			2003-09-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781889236506	Conscious classroom management,unlocking the secrets of great teaching	Rick Smith		"[This] book takes a magnifying glass to great teaching, revealing the key assumptions that allow teachers to organize their teaching and discipline students in ways that invite student cooperation."--From the Foreword by Spence Rogers, Founder and DirectorPeak Learning Systems"Rick Smith peeks behind the invisible veil of good teaching to discover numerous enlightening classical concepts and techniques that all teachers can use to become better at their craft."--Rick CurwinAuthor, Discipline with Dignity"Rick Smith has the power to engage any learner. His deep understanding of how we learn, his highly nuanced, empathetic humor, and his gentle regard for fellow learners of any age combine to provide the reader with aha after aha.'"--Bea Warner, Staff Development DirectorEscondido, CAMake your job easier! Find out what really works for effective classroom management and reap the benefits of engaged and productive students!Conscious Classroom Management is a delightfully rich text that incorporates meaningful stories, insights, humor, and invaluable strategies for what really works in the classroom. And while classroom management is the primary factor behind how successful teachers can achieve sustained student learning, this wonderful text also addresses the human elements of teaching, focusing on three primary subjects: the students, the teacher, and the relationship between the two. Comprehensive and practical, Conscious Classroom Management helps teachers to:Eliminate power struggles with your most challenging students Discover how holding your ground can help students cooperate Uncover your teacher presence while reducing stress Create lessons that help students remain focused, eager, and willing to learn Appreciate your craft at a deeper level Think ahead and prepare to teach Energize and invigorate how you mentor and train other teachersFor the novice, first-year teacher to the veteran, classroom-tested teacher, classroom management is the most critical factor for sustained student learning. And eliminating the cycle of student misbehavior is the cornerstone for effective classroom management. This reference transcends every level of preparation and provides new and experienced teachers with the practical and comprehensive strategies necessary to get the most out of every student. Written in an easy-to-read and humorous, conversational style, this resource is indispensable for new teacher induction or regular staff development.	2004-09-15	Conscious Teaching Publications						ZZZ000000
9781904315131	Introducing Circle Time to Secondary Students,A Seven Lesson Programme for 11 to 12 Year Olds	Charlie Smith			2003-09-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9781904315148	More circle time for secondary students,a seven lesson programme for 12 to 13 year olds	Charlie Smith			2003-09-01	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9788178299242	Positive Psychology : The Scientific And Practical Explorations Of Human Strengths	Snyder			2008	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803948990	East Asia and the world economy	Alvin Y. So&Stephen Wing-kai Chiu			1995-07-13	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412951463	The kaleidoscope of gender,prisms, patterns, and possibilities	Joan Z. Spade&Catherine G. Valentine		I have found Spade and Valentine's Kaleidoscope of Gender to be the most effective reader that I have used in my undergraduate Sociology of Gender class, and I was delighted to see what promises to be an even better second edition that recently arrived. -Linda Grant, University of Georgia In a substantial theoretical introduction, Spade and Valentine move their discussion forward by introducing their kaleidoscope metaphor which is comprised of the prisms of culture...that intersect to produce patterns of difference and systems of privilege. Because it captures the fluidity and uniqueness of the intricate patterns, the kaleidoscope is a valuable analytical tool. Though it enters a terrain already littered with terminology, this prismatic understanding of gender has great potential for transforming current conceptualizations. -Jennifer Keys, North Central CollegeExamining the elusive, evolving construct of gender in a unique text/ reader format An accessible, timely, and stimulating introduction to the sociology of gender, The Kaleidoscope of Gender: Prisms, Patterns, and Possibilities, Second Edition, provides a comprehensive analysis of key ideas, theories, and applications in this field as viewed through the metaphor of a kaleidoscope. This collection of creative articles by top scholars explains how the complex, evolving pattern of gender is constructed interpersonally, institutionally, and culturally and challenges students to question how gender shapes their daily lives. Like the prior edition, the Second Edition maintains a focus on contemporary contributions to the field while incorporating classical and theoretical arguments to provide a broad framework. Integrating a cross-cultural focus and intersectional inquiry, this unique text/reader vividly illustrates that gender is a malleable continuum of prisms, patterns, and possibilities. New to the Second Edition  27 new readings, including interdisciplinary research articles as well as articles from the popular media, complement the 23 readings retained from the prior edition  Updated extensive introductions to each chapter provide a helpful framework for the readings to follow and include the most recent statistics, new concepts, and references  Increased emphasis on readings about social movements for equality (Chapter 10), a sharper focus on work (7), and new readings on domestic violence such as an article on rape on college campuses (8)  An even greater emphasis on intersectional analysis and a deeper understanding of masculinities Instructor's Resources on CD-ROM: Available to qualified instructors (contact info@sagepub.com), the CD includes ideas for class exercises, video suggestions, assignments, and more. Intended Audience This text/ reader is ideal for undergraduate courses such as the Sociology of Sex and Gender, Gender and Sexuality, Race, Class, Gender, and Sexuality; and related courses in departments of sociology, women's studies, and gender studies.	2007-12-10	Pine Forge Press						ZZZ000000
9781853961083	Modern western society,a geographical perspective on work, home and well-being	Peter Dicken&Peter E. Lloyd			1981	Paul Chapman						ZZZ000000
9780803965621	New ways to teach using cable television,a step-by-step guide	Randi Stone		"I'm impressed! I had little idea that cable TV could be such a valuable resource for classroom instruction at all grade levels. It deserves a place alongside the computer as an essential means for learning and communicating in our technological society." Jim Palavras, Principal, Paul P. Gates Elementary School, Acton, Massachusetts "This timely book offers educators an introduction, as well as a how-to' on using cable television in the classroom. Anyone with an academic interest in using cable television should read this encouraging book." Linda J. Miles, Library Media Specialist, Nottingham West Elementary School, Hudson, New Hampshire "Randi Stone has given educators a path to follow.' Provides a thorough yet practical approach for all us nontechnical classroom teachers." Elaine Driscoll Connolly, Teacher, Andover Public Schools, Massachusetts New Ways to Teach Using Cable Television is a unique guide that helps you unlock the riches of cable television in your classroom. Randi Stone, a 1996 Continental Cablevision National Cable Educator Award Winner, shares her experience in teaching with cable TV. Caters to techno-phobes as well as teachers already using cable who are looking for hot new ideas. Written in an easy-to-read, conversational style, this guide describes the programming offered to educators and the wealth of free support materials you can receive. Provides you with winning lesson plans, dozens of tips from award-winning teachers using cable in the classroom, and Internet connections. Use this time-saving guide to: *	1997-03-03	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780803965638	New ways to teach using cable television,a step-by-step guide	Randi Stone		"I'm impressed! I had little idea that cable TV could be such a valuable resource for classroom instruction at all grade levels. It deserves a place alongside the computer as an essential means for learning and communicating in our technological society." Jim Palavras, Principal, Paul P. Gates Elementary School, Acton, Massachusetts "This timely book offers educators an introduction, as well as a how-to' on using cable television in the classroom. Anyone with an academic interest in using cable television should read this encouraging book." Linda J. Miles, Library Media Specialist, Nottingham West Elementary School, Hudson, New Hampshire "Randi Stone has given educators a path to follow.' Provides a thorough yet practical approach for all us nontechnical classroom teachers." Elaine Driscoll Connolly, Teacher, Andover Public Schools, Massachusetts New Ways to Teach Using Cable Television is a unique guide that helps you unlock the riches of cable television in your classroom. Randi Stone, a 1996 Continental Cablevision National Cable Educator Award Winner, shares her experience in teaching with cable TV. Caters to techno-phobes as well as teachers already using cable who are looking for hot new ideas. Written in an easy-to-read, conversational style, this guide describes the programming offered to educators and the wealth of free support materials you can receive. Provides you with winning lesson plans, dozens of tips from award-winning teachers using cable in the classroom, and Internet connections. Use this time-saving guide to: *	1997-03-03	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761955412	Managers in the making,careers, development and control in corporate Britain and Japan	John Storey&Paul Edwards&Keith Sisson		Using original data, Managers in the Making presents a thorough analysis of the processes by which managers are made in Britain and Japan. It provides a detailed comparative study of the careers, training, developmental experience, and job demands of managers in eight named companies, matching a British firm with a Japanese counterpart. Using qualitative and quantitative data, this text offers an understanding of these processes within organization, sectoral, and national contexts. Managers perceptions, reactions, and concerns are recorded and analyzed throughout. Managers in the Making is essential reading for students of management, organization studies, industrial relations, and human resource management.	1997	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761992769	The first five years,a critical perspective on early childhood care and education in India	Mina Swaminathan			1998-09-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761976295	Rainbows of intelligence,exploring how students learn	Sue Teele		Foreword by Thomas ArmstrongRainbows of Intelligence explores the range of students' intelligence and learning potential through the metaphor of rainbows and colors. The book includes avariety of lessons plans.	2000-04-15	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788170369523	Gandhi : Struggling For Autonomy	Ronald J. Terchek			2000-07-06	Vistaar						ZZZ000000
9780761951049	Counselling and psychotherapy in private practice	Roger Thistle		This practical volume explores the conflicts of running a business that needs to be ethical and responsive to clients needs but one that at the same time has to be successful and profitable. Planning a cash flow is an essential aspect of business life, and this book provides straightforward advice and guidelines about how the business can be set up, established, and thereafter maintained successfully. Tax, VAT, and accounting are explained clearly, and examples of budgets illustrate how to make the business perform. Business research, marketing and promotion, finding and using suitable premises, working from home, forming partnerships, dealing with insurance, legal and safety issues, and other essential considerations are all covered in detail. The book also encourages a comprehensive assessment of emotional needs and physical health as well as financial security and stresses as an absolute requirement the provision of a clear and ethical practice policy. Written by a counselor with many years of experience in a successful private practice, this book will be essential for all those wanting to work or working as private practitioners themselves on either a full- or part-time basis.	1998-08-24	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761931188	What every teacher should know about student motivation	Donna Walker Tileston		The teacher's multipurpose guide to brain-friendly strategies for motivating and challenging even the most resistant students. 	2004	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9788178297156	Constructing Bangladesh,religion, ethnicity, and language in an Islamic nation	Sufia M. Uddin			2006-09-10	Vistaar						ZZZ000000
9788170367338	Reasons For Success : Learning From Instructive Experiences In Rural Development	Norman Uphoff&Milton J. Esman&Anirudh Krishna			1998-06-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788178296418	Global rivalries from the cold war to Iraq	Kees van der Pijl		This powerfully argued and cogent book challenges the widely prevalent idea that the age of international rivalries is finished. Kees van der Pijl maintains that below the surface of the current trend to globalise and homogenise through the transnationalism of capital and class formation lies a profound drift towards disintegration and conflagration./-//-/In this well-documented study of modern international history, the author:/-/- challenges the notion that the world today has been unified under a single economic system (capitalism) with an international community policing it to protect democracy and human rights;/-/- views capitalist globalisation as opening up rifts of the past, exhausting nature, exacerbating inequality and creating instabilities;/-/argues that the apparent homogenisation of the global political economy hides a definite movement towards social crisis and conflict; and/-/- deals with some of the key issues of our time, in the time-honoured manner of the great sweep of history.	2006-04-01	Vistaar Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761994909	Globalization and labour-management relations,dynamics of change	C. S. Venkata Ratnam			2001	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9781412973335	Using SPSS for Social Statistics and Research Methods	William E. Wagner		Ideal as a companion to a statistics or research methods text or as a stand-alone guide, Using SPSS for Social Statistics and Research Methods shows readers how to use SPSS software in statistical data analysis. This fully updated Second Edition features images and directions drawn from SPSS Version 17.0 and now uses the latest version of the GSS (General Social Survey) as a secondary data set. New and Continuing FeaturesOffers a fully updated graphics chapter that highlights new features available in SPSS 17.0, including information on alternative routes to creating graphics Includes updated examples, screenshots, and tables throughout Briefly introduces statistical techniques before moving on to demonstrations Offers new or expanded discussions of regression, correlation, t-test, chi-square, lambda, gamma/somers' d, and ANOVA Uses several kinds of computer files including data files, output files, and syntax files Covers a wide range of data analysis topics to help students who are working independently on a research proposal, project, or paper This supplementary text is designed as a manual for SPSS use for social statistics and research methods classes and is an excellent companion to any undergraduate statistics or research methods textbook. It will also serve as a useful reference for those learning to use the SPSS software for the first time.	2009-02-25	Pine Forge Press						ZZZ000000
9780761909064	Children and youth,interdisciplinary perspectives	Herbert J. Walberg&Olga Reyes&Roger P. Weissberg		While "city life" can be exciting, its problems can be challenging for families and children, particularly when they are members of minority groups. An interdisciplinary team of researchers examines the positive and problematic circumstances that confront children and youth living in cities and identifies the best researched-based solutions for improving or enhancing those circumstances. Divided into three parts--families, schools, and health--this impressive array of scholars explore such topics as: factors that have influenced inner-city life, including migration patterns and middle-class flights from cities and ghettos; the role of coping, resources, and skills in an urban familys successful management of stress; community-university partnerships that offer workable solutions to urban children and their families; the features of homes, schools, and communities that promote academic success and healthy psychological development in adverse circumstances; barriers to urban schoolingsuch as under funding, dangerous environments, and teacher overload--and promising avenues of reform for effective schools; strategies for preventing violence and substance abuse among city youth; the use of cultural competency training for health care providers so as to overcome the geographic, language, and ethnic barriers to the urban poors access to this care; and the development and implementation of the collaborative programs across disciplines to better serve city children and their families. Clearly written so as to be more accessible to researchers, policymakers, and practitioners in the fields of developmental psychology, sociology, family studies, social work, counseling, human services, and nursing this book provides readers with the best interdisciplinary information available today on the problems with growing up in a city and ways to solve them.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412910354	An introduction to early childhood,a multidisciplinary approach	Tim Waller		Linking theory to multi-professional practice, this resource explores the major themes of early childhood education. Each chapter summarizes key points, including learning, health,inclusion, and special educational needs.	2005-08-10	Paul Chapman Pub.						ZZZ000000
9781412910361	An introduction to early childhood,a multidisciplinary approach	Tim Waller		Linking theory to multi-professional practice, this resource explores the major themes of early childhood education. Each chapter summarizes key points, including learning, health,inclusion, and special educational needs.	2005-08-10	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761917168	Gender issues in ethnography	Carol A. B. Warren&Jennifer Kay Hackney		This Second Edition summarizes the state of the art of gender issues in fieldwork both in anthropology and sociology. Warren shows how the researcher's gender affects both the fieldwork relationships and the production of ethnography. The authors focus is more empirical than theoretical; using literature on gender and ethnography, together with their own experiences as women ethnographers, they focus on ways in which researchers represent these experiences through narrative.	2000-03-24	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412909099	Preparing educators to involve families,from theory to practice	Heather Bastow Weiss&Harvard Family Research Project		The goal of Preparing Educators to Involve Families is to help prepare teachers and other professionals to partner effectively with the families of children in elementary school. Using a framework of ecological systems theory, editors Heather B. Weiss, Holly Kreider, M. Elena Lopez, and Celina M. Chatman pair child development theory with research-based teaching cases that reflect critical dilemmas in family-school-community relations, especially among families for whom poverty and cultural differences are daily realities. The reader is encouraged to link theory and practice, honing analytic and problem-solving skills for use in real-world situations with students and their families. 	2005-04-13	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9781412909105	Preparing educators to involve families,from theory to practice	Heather Bastow Weiss&Harvard Family Research Project		The goal of Preparing Educators to Involve Families is to help prepare teachers and other professionals to partner effectively with the families of children in elementary school. Using a framework of ecological systems theory, editors Heather B. Weiss, Holly Kreider, M. Elena Lopez, and Celina M. Chatman pair child development theory with research-based teaching cases that reflect critical dilemmas in family-school-community relations, especially among families for whom poverty and cultural differences are daily realities. The reader is encouraged to link theory and practice, honing analytic and problem-solving skills for use in real-world situations with students and their families. 	2005-03-23	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9780761910916	Enhancing children's wellness	Roger P. Weissberg&Thomas P. Gullotta&Robert L. Hampton		Aimed at providing a foundation for increasing the quantity and quality of physical and mental health care for children, this book describes the latest research and theories about family, school, and community prevention and health-promotion programs to improve the health status of children during the next decade. This impressive group of researchers examine such pertinent questions as: + Why do problem behaviors occur together (like substance abuse, delinquency, and school failure)? And, to what extent can common strategies prevent each of these difficulties? + Are we effectively using what we know to prevent drug use among children? + What strategies are the most promising for preventing unwanted pregnancy and AIDS? + Does violent/aggressive behavior result from unmet developmental needs? + What programs have been most effective in preventing depression and suicide in young people? + Are there reliable prevention strategies that can reproduce the risk of unintentional injury among children? This thought-provoking book identifies innovative and empirically based preventive and health-promotion strategies that schools and communities may implement to enhance childrens social, emotional, and physical wellness and thus will be interest to professionals and practitioners in the fields of developmental psychology, clinical psychology, family studies, social work, counseling, human services, nursing, and public health.	1997	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788132100881	Strategic Corporate Social Responsibility : Stakeholders In A Global Environment	Werther		Strategic Corporate Social Responsibility: Stakeholders in a Global Environment provides faculty and students with a comprehensive, stand-alone text to support traditional and innovative courses in corporate social responsibility (CSR). Integral to the book`s unique format is the real-life mini-case-study approach across the spectrum of CSR topics, backed by Internet accessible references. Adopting a stakeholder approach to CSR, the content and format of this sourcebook defines CSR within the global communications environment in which multinational corporations operate today.Key Features: - Provides 45 Web-based case-studies linked to relevant Web sites for further exploration - Recognizes cross-cultural trends developing throughout the world - Encourages a multidisciplinary approach - References to the Wall Street Journal throughoutStrategic Corporate Social Responsibility provides a flexible and up-to-date teaching tool for upper level undergraduate and graduate CSR courses in Management, Marketing, Business Law, and Political Science.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788170365884	I See What You Mean : Persuasive Business Communication	Whalen			1996-09-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781412913768	Creating effective teams,a guide for members and leaders	Susan A. Wheelan		Creating Effective Teams: A Guide for Members and Leaders is a practical guide for building and sustaining top performing teams. Based on the author's many years of consulting experience with teams in the public and private sector, the Second Edition describes why teams are important, how they function, and what makes them productive. New to the Edition:   Offers necessary tools to help members and leaders work together to achieve high performance  Enhanced information about the design and management of meetings  Incorporates real-life examples and questionnaires giving readers the opportunity for self-evaluationA bestseller in its First Edition, Creating Effective Teams, Second Edition is sure to be a perfect fit for team leaders and members, trainers, managers, consultants, psychologists, military, and educators. Students enrolled in organizational studies, management, human resources, social psychology, education, group studies, leadership, sociology, and communication courses may also benefit from this bestseller.	2005-06-01	Sage Publications						ZZZ000000
9788132104032	Creating Effective Teams : A Guide For Members And Leaders	SUSAN A WHEELAN		A practical guide for building and sustaining top-performing teamsReaders will gain practical skills for navigating, from a groups creation to maintaining highly effective teams. Packed with straightforward strategies for building and supporting well-managed, high performing teams, this book examines why teams are important, how they function, and what makes them productive.New to the Third Edition: - Diversity within teams. Discussions have been added throughout the text, focusing on how different ethnic and cultural groups may have differing perceptions of group interactions. The book details specific strategies for respecting divergent beliefs while remaining effective.- More real-life examples and problem-solving skills. Step-by-step directions for becoming a high-performing team are included. - New checklists and self-evaluations. Building on those included in the Second Edition, these provide even more information on the readers personal leader or team member style.- Research references added. Readers are provided with the theory and research background for the practical, application-based material in the text.A bestseller in previous editions, Creating Effective Teams, Third Edition is intended for students and team leaders and members in organizational studies, management, human resources, social psychology, education, group studies, leadership, sociology and communication.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781853963056	European Union spatial policy and planning	Richard H. Williams		This is a book about the place of spatial policy within an integrated Europe. It takes the perspective 'l'Europe mon pays', rather than a specifically national view. It deals with the institutions, policy instruments and spatial planning, at the scale of Europe as a whole and of that of the European Union, and explains the logic behind them.  EU policies and programmes are already a familiar part of the working environment for professional planners and local planning authorities; for example the directive on the environmental assessment of projects, or the need to identify partners in other member states; or to join networks in order to participate in EU programmes; or to develop projects which qualify for ERDF or ESF grants. The Commission is increasingly recognized as part of the structure of government and network of government contacts, in the same way as national government departments.  To operate professionally in this context, to think European' and to understand the implications of this policy context, as well as the continental spatial scale, presents a major challenge to all planners, students and planning educators. This book is written for those who need to know more about this new context. It is the product of the author's several years' experience of teaching EU spatial policy and the institutions responsible, to senior undergraduates and postgraduates.  The book is divided into four parts: Part One explains the powers and institutional structure of the EU. Part Two traces the emergence of a Europe-wide spatial policy, and describes the EU's role in regional, environmental, transport, and urban planning. Part Three deals with the practical aspects of operating professionally in Europe and Part Four reviews the prospects for further policy development in the context of the 1996 IGC.	1996	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9788178291550	Making Better Business Decisions : Understanding And Improving Critical Thinking And Problem Solving Skills	Williams		If youre serious about making better decisions in your business and your life, read this book and discover the hidden psychological, biological, and physiological factors influencing the decisions you make./-/ Expert author Steve Williams shows how an awareness of these influences can improve the quality of the decision making process and increase creativity and innovation./-/ /-//-/Insightful and easy to read, Making Better Business Decisions will help you: /-/ - analyze options more clearly and creatively/-/ - reduce decision time/-/ - recognize and focus on priority decisions/-/ - understand why and how others make the decisions they do	2002-07-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780761945604	Passing the Principal ExCET Exam,keys to certification & school leadership	Elaine L. Wilmore		"Dr. Wilmore has created an excellent resource for prospective principals as they look toward the challenge of the principal TExES experience. In addition to a thorough examination of the competencies required for building leadership, the volume also contains a series of helpful steps for test-day preparation. Elaine's creative and spirited style provides future test-takers with a lively presentation of critical information." Bobbie Eddins, Executive Director Texas Principals Leadership Initiative Austin, TX "Dr. Wilmore is a leader in developing innovative programs that prepare principals for the highly demanding jobs they fill in our schools. Her book reflects the enthusiasm and knowledge she brings to principal preparation." Valleau Wilkie, Jr., Executive Director Sid W. Richardson Foundation Fort Worth, TX "This a must read for anyone entering the field of school administration. A requirement for all our assistant principals!" James E. Wilcox, President Texas Association of School Administrators Hooks, TX This great preparation guide yields exceptional TExES and principalship performance! This definitive handbook to success on the Texas TExES certification exam for prospective principals masterfully highlights the key elements necessary to boost performance and enhance outstanding school leadership. Based on the domains and competencies provided through Texas law and the State Board for Educator Certification, this ready-reference draws upon the extensive experience and expertise of noted education and TExES authority Elaine L. Wilmore. By integrating theoretical philosophies with practical application, Wilmore shares invaluable insights with aspiring campus leaders as they prepare for this all-important exam and with conscientious administrators striving to expand their learner-centered leadership skills to improve their schools and communities. From the basics of test-taking techniques and analyzing data, to the specifics of the competencies and domains upon which TExES is based, this indispensable book covers the entire perspective of becoming or improving as a great administrator. Through a well-organized, easy-to-read format, the author motivates, inspires, and affirms all school leaders' quest to foster excellence and "change the world, one school at a time." Special features include:   Test-taking tips and strategies  A sample test with answers  Real-life examples to vividly illustrate applications of each competency  Straightforward discussion of core concepts with a comprehensive list of additional resources  A step-by-step strategic plan for preparation during the weeks, days, and hours before the test	2001-12-05	Corwin Press						ZZZ000000
9780761953821	EnGendering AIDS,deconstructing sex, text and epidemic	Tamsin Wilton		In an original and stimulating analysis of gender and AIDS, Tamsin Wilton assesses safer sex health promotion and health education discourse and considers their unintended consequences for the cultural construction of gender and sexuality. Taking a queer/feminist constructionist position, she links issues of power, gender, sexuality, and nationalism in an attempt to offer a sound theoretical foundation for an effective and radical HIV/AIDS health promotion strategy. EnGendering AIDS draws on safer sex materials from the USA, UK, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and Scandinavia and sets current practice against the historical context of VD/STD education, dissecting the role played by STDs in the cultural construction of gender. Wilton debates the meanings that erotic minorities read into bodies and desires, and how these have been transformed by AIDS, and suggests a new model of pornography that disengages the sexually explicit and/or erotically arousing from gendered power relations. EnGendering AIDS suggests a radically innovative approach to the development of effective safer sex promotional strategies based on new thinking in health promotion and on the insights of both radical feminism and queer theory. This book will be of interest to professionals in health promotion and health education, and also to students and academics in womens studies, gender studies, lesbian and gay studies, sexuality, cultural studies, media studies, social policy, and medical sociology.	1997	Sage						ZZZ000000
9780761961536	Methods of critical discourse analysis	Ruth Wodak&Michael Meyer		This book is designed as an introduction to Critical Discourse Analysis (CDA) and gives an overview of the various theories and methods associated with this sociolinguistic approach. It also introduces the reader to the leading figures in CDA and the methods to which they are most closely related. The text aims to provide a comprehensive description of the individual methods, an understanding of the theories to which methods refer and a comparative treatment of each of these methods so that students may be able to determine which is the most appropriate to select for their particular research question. Given the balance between theory and application, plus the intended audience - no previous knowledge of CDA is assumed - Methods of Critical Discourse Analysis should be useful reading for both students and researchers in the fields of linguistics, sociology, social psychology and the social sciences in general.  	2001	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761961543	Methods of critical discourse analysis	Ruth Wodak&Michael Meyer		This book is designed as an introduction to Critical Discourse Analysis (CDA) and gives an overview of the various theories and methods associated with this sociolinguistic approach. It also introduces the reader to the leading figures in CDA and the methods to which they are most closely related. The text aims to provide a comprehensive description of the individual methods, an understanding of the theories to which methods refer and a comparative treatment of each of these methods so that students may be able to determine which is the most appropriate to select for their particular research question. Given the balance between theory and application, plus the intended audience - no previous knowledge of CDA is assumed - Methods of Critical Discourse Analysis should be useful reading for both students and researchers in the fields of linguistics, sociology, social psychology and the social sciences in general.  	2001	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761924296	Writing up qualitative research	Harry F. Wolcott		Wolcott has thoroughly revised the book that has provided a solution to this conundrum as well as inspired thousands of readers with their writing. Using lively examples from his and other researchers' experiences, friendly, practical tips, and a warm, reflective writing style, this second edition has been completely updated and includes new features, such as:   Chapter 4 on Linking Up: Provides readers with thoughtful guidelines as to how and where to use theory, what needs to be said about method, some thoughts about the "traditional" literature review (as well as how to decide whether or not to include this material!)  Applications: Give readers the opportunity to put into practice some of Wolcott's tips to improve or jump-start their own writing  Bulleted Reviews: Highlight the key points to remember from each chapter  Read the book that will not only enable you to better tell the story of your research in the article, monograph, or dissertation you need to write but also help you to incorporate writing into the essential role it must play in a professional research career.	2001	SAGE						ZZZ000000
9780761955238	Social identity,international perspectives	Stephen Worchel		In recent years, social identity and social categorization theories have offered some of the most exciting developments in social psychologyinforming work on everything from intergroup relations to personal identity. This comprehensive and wide ranging book surveys the latest empirical and theoretical findings, alongside original contributions, to provide an invaluable overview of this important field. Bringing together an international cast list of contributors, Social Identity explores a broad range of psychosocial phenomena including intergroup discrimination, influence, group polarization, collective behavior, impact of minorities, prejudice, stereotypes, and leadership. The book maps some of the key debates in contemporary social psychology. It will be essential reading for academics and students in psychology and related fields.	1998	Sage						ZZZ000000
9781412946858	Organizational Science	Sierk Ybema&Katinka Bijlsma-Frankema			2007-02-15	SAGE Publications						ZZZ000000
9788132102434	Essentials Of Operations Management	Scott Young		Covering the most critical topics and strategies in the field, Essentials of Operations Management provides business students with the most up-to-date coverage of modern topics not always found in other texts, such as human resources in operations, facility location, green operations, and the balanced scorecard approach to operations. Author Scott T Young draws on his many years of teaching experience at both the undergraduate and MBA levels to provide the essential content necessary for success in operationsin an affordable text.Key Features-Includes a complete chapter (Chapter 4) on managing the operations workforcean important topic for the well-rounded operations manager-Applies The Balanced Scorecard approach to operations in Chapter 5, introducing students to a performance measure that balances customer, internal process, and learning and growth measures against traditional financial measures-Covers sustainable operations in Chapter 7, including discussions of green operations and why they are important for any new operations manager-Includes end-of-chapter projects and exercises that help students apply concepts to real-life situations-Provides students with ample review opportunities through additional end-of-chapter features such as review questions, key terms, and summary pointsEssentials of Operations Management is appropriate for undergraduate or MBA students taking Operations Management, Production and Operations Management, or Operations Strategy courses in schools of business.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780803966710	LET MY SPIRIT SOAR !	AH NEE-BENHAM						English				ZZZ000000
9780803989214	SOCIAL ORGANIZATIONS	AHRNE						English				ZZZ000000
9781412913621	CONTEMPORARY SOCIAL AND SOCIOLOGICAL THEORY	ALLAN						English				ZZZ000000
9780803977075	REFLEXIVE METHODOLOGY	ALVESSON						English				ZZZ000000
9780761995098	SECULARISM, ISLAM, MODERNITY	ANSARI						English				ZZZ000000
9780761995616	SECULARISM, ISLAM, MODERNITY	ANSARI						English				ZZZ000000
9780803993211	BUSINESS COMMUNICATION TODAY	BAHL						English				ZZZ000000
9781847874702	GEOGRAPHIES OF GLOBALISATION	BARNETT						English				ZZZ000000
9780761994459	INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION TECHNOLOGY IN DEVELOPMENT	BHATNAGAR						English				ZZZ000000
9780761932390	BEHIND CLOSED DOORS	BHATTACHARYA						English				ZZZ000000
9781412966146	CYBER LAW	BISSONETTER						English				ZZZ000000
9780803993105	HIMALAYAN MIGRATION	BORA						English				ZZZ000000
9780761973904	FAMILY STRESS MANAGEMENT, 2E	BOSS						English				ZZZ000000
9780761976172	RESILIENCE EDUCATION	BROWN						English				ZZZ000000
9781412914376	RHETORIC IN POPULAR CULTURE, 2E	BRUMMETT						English				ZZZ000000
9780761988496	BODIES OF THOUGHT	BURKITT						English				ZZZ000000
9780803977761	PANDEMONIUM	BURRELL						English				ZZZ000000
9780761997672	TRANSNATIONAL TELEVISION, CULTURAL IDENTITY AND CHANGE	BUTCHER						English				ZZZ000000
9787619044410	"COLOR-BLIND" RACISM	CARR						English				ZZZ000000
9788039825504	THE CHANGING ARCHITECTURE OF POLITICS	CERNY						English				ZZZ000000
9780803993792	THE RX FACTOR	CHOUDARY						English				ZZZ000000
9781847874689	MATERIAL GEOGRAPHIES	CLARK						English				ZZZ000000
9780803981607	FRAMEWORKS OF POWER	CLEGG						English				ZZZ000000
9780761995821	THE SEWA MOVEMENT AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT	CROWELL						English				ZZZ000000
9780761995265	NEW DIRECTIONS IN INDIAN PSYCHOLOGY, VOLUME 1	DALAL						English				ZZZ000000
9781412967044	LEADING WITH PASSION AND KNOWLEDGE	DANA						English				ZZZ000000
9780761968153	UNDERSTANDING FOUCAULT	DANAHER						English				ZZZ000000
9780761992622	THE WORKING MIND	DAS						English				ZZZ000000
9780803926028	A WORLD OF GIANT CITIES-VOL-1	DOGAN						English				ZZZ000000
9780803937895	A WORLD OF GIANT CITIES-VOL-1	DOGAN						English				ZZZ000000
9780761916536	NATIONAL TELEVISION VIOLENCE STUDY, VOL-3	DONNERSTEIN						English				ZZZ000000
9780761916543	NATIONAL TELEVISION VIOLENCE STUDY, VOL-3	DONNERSTEIN						English				ZZZ000000
9781873942499	CAN YOU KEEP A SECRET?	FIRTH						English				ZZZ000000
9780803954786	EXPLAINING FAMILY INTERACTIONS	FITZPATRICK						English				ZZZ000000
9780803989009	CULTURAL THEORY AND LATE MODERNITY	FORNAS						English				ZZZ000000
9780803989016	CULTURAL THEORY AND LATE MODERNITY	FORNAS						English				ZZZ000000
9781412917933	SOCIAL STATISTICS FOR A DIVERSE SOCIETY WITH SPSS STUDENT VERSION, FOURTH EDITION	FRANKFORT NACHMIAS						English				ZZZ000000
9780803957244	GENDER IN URBAN RESEARCH	GARBER						English				ZZZ000000
9780803987012	ORGANIZED INTERESTS AND THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITY	GREENWOOD						English				ZZZ000000
9781412949552	THE DIFFERENTIATED INSTRUCTIONAL STRATEGIES 10-BOOK	GREGORY						English				ZZZ000000
9780803977365	DISCURSIVE PSYCHOLOGY IN PRACTICE	HARRE						English				ZZZ000000
9780803982536	JOB INSECURITY	HARTLEY						English				ZZZ000000
9780761993995	POLITICS AND THE STATE IN INDIA	HASAN						English				ZZZ000000
9781412911825	MATHEMATICS EXPLAINED FOR PRIMARY TEACHERS, 3E	HAYLOCK						English				ZZZ000000
9781412911832	MATHEMATICS EXPLAINED FOR PRIMARY TEACHERS, 3E	HAYLOCK						English				ZZZ000000
9781412977586	RACE, ETHNICITY, GENDER, AND CLASS, 5E	HEALEY						English				ZZZ000000
9781412946865	TOURISM AND HOSPITALITY MARKETING	HUDSON						English				ZZZ000000
9780761992912	INDIA'S ELDERLY	IRUDAYA RAJAN						English				ZZZ000000
9780761994633	THE STRATEGIC BUSINESS SPIRAL	IYER						English				ZZZ000000
9780761993551	A NEW MORAL ECONOMY FOR INDIA'S FORESTS ?	JEFFERY						English				ZZZ000000
9780803980860	THE POLITICAL INTERESTS OF GENDER	JONES						English				ZZZ000000
9780761966722	ORGANIZING EUROPEAN SPACE	JONSSON						English				ZZZ000000
9780761966739	ORGANIZING EUROPEAN SPACE	JONSSON						English				ZZZ000000
9780761996255	CHILD LABOUR AND THE RIGHT TO EDUCATION IN SOUTH ASIA	KABEER						English				ZZZ000000
9788170369929	A NEW INSTITUTIONAL APPROACH TO ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT	KAHKONEN						English				ZZZ000000
9780761994152	INSTITUTIONS, INCENTIVES AND ECONOMIC REFORMS IN INDIA	KAHKONEN						English				ZZZ000000
9780761998075	PARADIGMS OF LEARNING	KARLEKAR						English				ZZZ000000
9780803962378	AUDITING YOUR EDUCATIONAL STRATEGIC PLAN	KAUFMAN						English				ZZZ000000
9780803962996	AUDITING YOUR EDUCATIONAL STRATEGIC PLAN	KAUFMAN						English				ZZZ000000
9780761951384	PAUL RICOEUR	KEARNEY						English				ZZZ000000
9780761993780	LESSONS FROM SCHOOLS	KUMAR						English				ZZZ000000
9781853962974	MANAGEMENT OF TECHNOLOGY AND REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT IN A GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT	LEFEBVRE						English				ZZZ000000
9780803938601	SOCIAL THEORY AND MODERNITY	LUKE						English				ZZZ000000
9780803940109	COGNITIVE BASES OF MENTAL DISORDERS	MAGARO						English				ZZZ000000
9780761993681	INDEPENDENCE AND PARTITION	MAHAJAN						English				ZZZ000000
9780761996309	THE MULTICULTURAL PATH	MAHAJAN						English				ZZZ000000
9780761995401	WOMEN, WAR AND PEACE IN SOUTH ASIA	MANCHANDA						English				ZZZ000000
9780803993419	DEVELOPMENT POLICY AND ADMINISTRATION	MATHUR						English				ZZZ000000
9780761996217	FROM MOVEMENT TO GOVERNMENT	MENON						English				ZZZ000000
9780761951285	POSTEMOTIONAL SOCIETY	MESTROVIC						English				ZZZ000000
9780803964228	RESISTING DISCRIMINATION	MIRON						English				ZZZ000000
9780761996446	CLASS, CASTE, GENDER	MOHANTY						English				ZZZ000000
9780761992127	PEOPLE'S RIGHTS	MOHANTY						English				ZZZ000000
9780761992479	MANAGING ORGANISATIONAL CHANGE	NILAKANT						English				ZZZ000000
9780761904793	THE ECONOMIC ORGANIZATION OF EAST ASIAN CAPITALISM	ORRU						English				ZZZ000000
9781412921718	MORE WRITE DANCE	OUSSOREN						English				ZZZ000000
9781412922647	MORE WRITE DANCE	OUSSOREN						English				ZZZ000000
9781412922791	WRITE DANCE	OUSSOREN						English				ZZZ000000
9780803936393	BILINGUAL EDUCATION	PADILLA						English				ZZZ000000
9780761996279	DALIT ASSERTION AND THE UNFINISHED DEMOCRATIC REVOLUTION	PAI						English				ZZZ000000
9780761995753	PSYCHOLOGY IN INDIA REVISITED - DEVELOPMENTS IN THE DISCIPLINE, VOLUME 3	PANDEY						English				ZZZ000000
9788132103073	THINKING SOCIAL SCIENCE IN INDIA	PATEL						English				ZZZ000000
9780761993131	STRESS AND COPING, 2E	PESTONJEE						English				ZZZ000000
9780761992943	MAKING GROWTH HAPPEN	PHANSALKAR						English				ZZZ000000
9781412937528	CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGY	POMERANTZ						English				ZZZ000000
9780761996767	DEMOCRACY AND THE LIMITS OF MINORITY RIGHTS	RAJAN						English				ZZZ000000
9780803993037	ECONOMIC REFORMS AND POVERTY ALLEVIATION IN INDIA	RAO						English				ZZZ000000
9780761993506	HRD AUDIT	RAO						English				ZZZ000000
9780803992740	HUMAN RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT	RAO						English				ZZZ000000
9781412927567	HANDBOOK OF TRANSNATIONAL CRIME AND JUSTICE: SPECIAL OFFER EDITION	REICHEL						English				ZZZ000000
9781412954303	THE MACDONALDIZTION OF SOCIETY 5	RITZER						English				ZZZ000000
9780761955399	THE MCDONALDIZATION THESIS	RITZER						English				ZZZ000000
9781412902168	HOW TO MANAGE CHILDREN'S CHALLENGING BEHAVIOUR	ROGERS						English				ZZZ000000
9781412902175	HOW TO MANAGE CHILDREN'S CHALLENGING BEHAVIOUR	ROGERS						English				ZZZ000000
9788170363002	WHERE WOMEN ARE LEADERS	ROSE						English				ZZZ000000
9780761994411	HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT	SAINI						English				ZZZ000000
9780761992837	THE MARGINAL NATION	SAMADDAR						English				ZZZ000000
9780761996132	THE DEFENCE MAKEOVER	SAWHNEY						English				ZZZ000000
9780761993919	ORGANIZATIONAL COMMITMENT AND CONFLICT	SAYEED						English				ZZZ000000
9780803970717	THE INSTITUTIONAL CONSTRUCTION OF ORGANIZATIONS	SCOTT						English				ZZZ000000
9780761995142	SOCIAL MOVEMENTS AND THE STATE	SHAH						English				ZZZ000000
9780761998341	SOCIAL MOVEMENTS IN INDIA, 2E	SHAH						English				ZZZ000000
9780761994107	PATTERNS OF WORK CULTURE	SINHA						English				ZZZ000000
9780761907503	IMPROVING ORGANIZATIONAL PERFORMANCE	SLUYTER						English				ZZZ000000
9780803934160	BEHAVIOR MODIFICATION IN THE HUMAN SERVICE, 3E	SUNDEL						English				ZZZ000000
9780803941946	FAMILIES AND RETIREMENT	SZINOVACZ						English				ZZZ000000
9780803941953	FAMILIES AND RETIREMENT	SZINOVACZ						English				ZZZ000000
9781412924726	WORKSHEETS DON'T GROW DENDRITES (MULTIMEDIA KIT)	TATE						English				ZZZ000000
9788170369912	NUMERICAL DISCOURSES OF THE BUDDHA	THERA						English				ZZZ000000
9781412953221	DIFFERENTIATING INSTRUCTION (MULTIMEDIA KIT)	THOUSAND						English				ZZZ000000
9780761931171	WHAT EVERY TEACHER SHOULD KNOW ABOUT DIVERSE LEARNERS	TILESTON						English				ZZZ000000
9780803985216	THE VIETNAMESE REVOLUTION OF 1945	TONNESSON						English				ZZZ000000
9780803992436	THE IMPACT OF TELEVISION ADVERTISING ON CHILDREN	UNNIKRISHNAN						English				ZZZ000000
9780761994244	THE CRAFT OF COPYWRITING	VALLADARES						English				ZZZ000000
9780761951445	CRITICAL CRIMINOLOGY	VAN SWAANINGEN						English				ZZZ000000
9781853961434	GLOBAL ADVERTISING	VARDAR						English				ZZZ000000
9780761995586	ANXIETY DISORDERS	VEERARAGHAVAN						English				ZZZ000000
9780761995517	MARKETING CHANNEL MANAGEMENT	VENUGOPAL						English				ZZZ000000
9780761996095	SMALL BUSINESS & INDUSTRY	VERMA						English				ZZZ000000
9780761993636	MORE EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATION	VILANILAM						English				ZZZ000000
9781412901628	UNDERSTANDING PRIMARY SCIENCE, 2E	WENHAM						English				ZZZ000000
9781412937474	FAMILY THEORIES, 3E	WHITE						English				ZZZ000000
9781904315384	PICTURE THIS FOR FAMILIES	WHITE						English				ZZZ000000
9781904315117	CITIZEN CYD	WILSON						English				ZZZ000000
9781853961762	LIGHTING THE TOWN	WILSON						English				ZZZ000000
9781412968775	FROM LESSON PLANS TO POWER STRUGGLES, GRADES 6-12	ZUCKERMAN						English				ZZZ000000
9781412968782	FROM LESSON PLANS TO POWER STRUGGLES, GRADES 6-12	ZUCKERMAN						English				ZZZ000000
