9788171887644	Essays on economic development,theory, institutions and policies	Vinayak Vijayshanker Bhatt		In Indian context.	2010	Academic Foundation						ZZZ000000
9788171887620	Space security,need for a proactive approach : report of the IDSA-Indian Pugwash Society Working Group on Space Security	Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses (India)&Indian Pugwash Society		The existing space regime is facing new challenges as a result of the recent advances in space techno-logy and the emergence of space security is a critical dimension in national security calculus. This necessitates a proactive approach and a comprehensive space policy. This volume is an attempt in this direction to sensitise experts, policy makers and interested general audiences about the developments and debates in this area and their implications for India. The objective of this report, prepared by a Working Group comprising leading experts in the field is to provide a multi-disciplinary analysis including the technological, legal, political, diplomatic, and security dimensions.	2009	Published by Academic Foundation, in association with Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses						ZZZ000000
9788171888146	Economic Challenges To Make South Asia Free	Meeta Kumar		Papers presented at the 5th South Asia Economics Students Meet , held at Delhi in March 2008.	2010	Academic Foundation						ZZZ000000
9788171887835	Uttar Pradesh: The Road Ahead	Venkitesh Ramakrishnan&Venkitesh Ramakrishnan (ed.)&Observer Research Foundation		Papers presented at the seminar on the theme "Uttar Pradesh : the road ahead", held at New Delhi during 23-24 May 2008 moderated by the Observer Research Foundation on socio-political and economic development in Uttar Pradesh.	2009	Academic Foundation						ZZZ000000
9788171886869	Water security and management,ecological imperatives and policy options	V. Ratna Reddy		Study conducted in Andhra Pradesh, India.	2009	Academic Foundation, in association with Centre for Economic and Social Studies, Hyderabad						ZZZ000000
9788171887668	Trade, growth and poverty reduction,least-developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small states in the global economic system	T N Srinivasan		Trade, Growth and Poverty Reduction Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small States in the Global Economic System. Why have the least developed countries, and other poorer countries, failed to grow as fast as other economies during recent period of globalisation? Professor Srinivasan explores the broad links between growth in income, globalisation, and poverty reduction. He argues that past domestic and international policies have failed to serve the interests of the poorest countries, and suggests that the current array of international institution, in their unreformed state, are ill-suited to bring about the change required. Finally he makes recommendations on needed reforms to the institutions that manage the global economic system.	2009	Academic Foundation						ZZZ000000
9788171887996	From Unipolar To Tripolar World	Arvind Virmani		On international economic relations with indepth study of India and China.	2010	Academic Foundation						ZZZ000000
9788171886654	Peter Bauer and the economics of prosperity	James A. Dorn&Barun S. Mitra		Peter Bauer, 1915-2002, Hungarian-born British economist; contributed articles.	2009	Academic Foundation, in association with Cato Institute, Washington, D.C. & Liberty Institute						ZZZ000000
9788176566896	Introductory Information Technology (Cbse-Clsss X)	BPB Publications&Bpb		Covers IT Basics, Internet, MS Access, HTML & the complete syllabus for class X as per CBSE guidelines.Key words & definitions are highlighted for easy identification.Teacher's Notes and exhaustive practice exercises.Multimedia CD along with the book makes the learning a lot easier and entertaining	2003-02-01	BPB Publications						ZZZ000000
9788183333733	8085 Microprocessor Fundamentals and Applications (Hands-On) 84 Control Experiments (With the Intel SDK-85; Applicable to Any 8085 System....Vol 1	Dr. Howard Boyet		About the Book : - Practical 8085 Microprocessor Fundamentals and 84 control-application oriented experiments is the outgrowth of several years of seminars to over 3000 engineers, scientist and administrators from all walks of industry and the academic world here and abroad. The experiments have been outstandingly received by all who have performed them. In many of cases their themes were suggested by the participants themselves because of their practical relevance to their areas of interest and need. The book assumes no previous background. It masters the subject by a hands-on "do" approach involving motivation and practical interfacing experiments using all the instructions the 8085 set. This book is the ideal vehicle for learning and applying microprocessors an all areas of technology.	2010	BPB Publications						ZZZ000000
9788176567251	'O' Level Made Simple - Internet & Web Design (M3-R3)-2Nd Rev. Edn.	Satish Jain&Shashank Jain		This book presents a detailed discussion on Internet technology and Protocols in an easy-to-understand language.Internet Introduction, addressing in Internet, E-mail, Internet Relay Chat, World Wide Web, Web servers and browsers, Web Publishing, VRML, FTP, Telnet and Internet security, etc. are explained in a manner that students of science, arts or commerce streams can understand these technical topics easily.The book also covers HTML features with a good number of examples. It also covers impact of Internet on the Society.Large number of objective questions and test paper included at the end of each chapter.Special Features of the book are:Detailed description of Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) along with style sheets, forms and table designing.Types of Internet connectivity, e-mail protocols, contents and routing explained.Interactivity tools such as ASP, CGI, Java and JavaScript are discussed for easy comprehension.Set of review questions with answers added at the end of each chapter to help readers to have a feel of the objective questions appearing in the examination.Set of Sample Papers included to give a taste of papers appearing in subsequent examinations.A comprehensive index and glossary of technical terms are included to facilitate answering multiple choice questions.	2003-08-01	BPB Publications						ZZZ000000
9788183333658	Advanced AutoCAD 2011 Exercise Workbook	Cheryl R. Shrock		About the Book : - This is the right book for you if you liked the author's "Beginning AutoCAD" workbook, you're looking for a clear, no nonsense, easy-to-follow text, or you want to learn more about AutoCAD such as as Xref, Attributes, and 3D solids. Totally updated for AutoCAD 2011 and 2011 LT, it includes the new and enhanced 3D printing, Visual Styles, Grips and Gizmo Tool. All exercises print easily.	2010	BPB Publications						ZZZ000000
9788183333665	AutoCAD Pocket Reference	Cheryl R. Shrock		About the Book : - This indispensable aid and handy reference provides easy access to all the important fundamental commands, concepts, and "How to" information for the everyday use of AutoCAD. It's perfect for students, teachers, and all AutoCAD users who are on the go and who need an occasional reminder on how to use a command. This pocket reference is not intended to be a substitute for an introductory textbook. To learn AutoCAD quickly and easily, you'll want to obtain a copy of Beginning AutoCAD Exercise Workbook by the same author.  You need help in using the right commands at work or in the classroom.  You need a compact reference that you can take with you anywhere.  You want a reference that lets you locate what you need quickly and easily.  You need a reference that includes all basic AutoCAD commands and concepts.  This Pocket Reference is not intended to be a substitute for an introductory text book. To learn AutoCAD quickly and easily, you will want to obtain a copy of Cheryl Shrock's.	2010	BPB Publications						ZZZ000000
9788183333641	Beginning AutoCAD 2011 Exercise Workbook	Cheryl R. Shrock		About the Book : - This is the right book for you if...you're new to AutoCAD or want to brush up on the basics, you're looking for a clear, no nonsense, easy-to-follow text, or you want to learn AutoCAD quickly and easily.  Totally updated for AutoCAD 2011 and 2011 LT including Layer Transparency Control, View Cube and Navigation Bar, Online Help, and Express Tools, this workbook includes 30 lessons with step-by-step instructions followed by exercised designed for practicing the commands learned within the lesson. Providing only what you need without all of the jargon, it is ideal for classroom instruction or as a self-study tutorial.	2010	BPB Publications						ZZZ000000
9788176357715	Exam Cram : Gre	Steven W.Dulan		Efficient, effective, concise, this book covers exactly what you need to know to score higher on your GRE exam. It includes practice questions that test your knowledge and preparedness for the exam, with complete answer explanation to all questions. Popular Cram Sheet tear card will help you remember key concepts while Exam Alerts provide important information found on the exam.		BPB Publications						ZZZ000000
9788190573542	Business Standard Political Profiles: Of Cabals and Kings	Aditi Phadnis		With elections looming large, wouldn't you want to know more about the leaders you'll be voting for? Find out about the personalities behind the faces-where they come from, who they are close to, what influenced their politics besides other snippets of information that very few know about. Written by seasoned journalists, and put together by Business Standard, Political Profiles: Of Cabals and Kings presents an objective view of India's 39 most important leaders. A must read for everyone.		Business Standard Books						ZZZ000000
9788190573566	The Sudoku of India's Growth	Arvind Virmani		Covers the period, 1950 to 2007.	2009	Business Standard Books						ZZZ000000
9788185594811	TOWN PLANNING	S. C. Rangwala		An attempt has been made by the authors in this book to explain the general principles of the subject of Town Planning. The subject matter is expressed in a simple language and practical manner. The treatment is clear, methodical as well as interesting and easy to follow.	2009	Charotar Publishing House Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185594866	CONSTRUCTION OF STRUCTURES AND MANAGEMENT OF WORKS	S. C. Rangwala		In this text-book, all the technical aspects and elementary principles about Construction of Structures and Management of Works have been discussed in a lucid manner and easy-to-follow style. It is characterised by the clear, methodical and step-by-step treatment of the subject. The text of the third edition has been revised and updated. Each chapter describes the outline of a particular aspect of Construction Industry.	2000	Charotar Publishing House Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780007233014	Gemstones	Cally Oldershaw		A fully illustrated guide to gemstones Striking full-color photographs Detailed descriptions of each stone Additional artwork showing identifying features Published in collaboration with the Smithsonian Institution, America's foremost authority in history and science.	2006-09-04	HarperCollins Publishers Limited						NAT030000
9788131700662	Surveying	Arthur Bannister		Established As A Classic Text On Surveying For Over Twenty Years, Surveying Is Renowned For Its Concise And Readable Explanation Of The Basic Principles And Equipment Used For Land Surveying And Setting. This Revision Retains The Comprehensive And Authoritative Nature Of The Work Whilst Making The Text More Accessible To Students And Professionals With Updated Methods And Equipment Throughout.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9780273721789	Fast track to success,finance	Alan Bonham&Ken Langdon		Brings together the latest business thinking, cutting edge online material and all the practical techniques you need to fast track your career.- Focuses not on the technical or the theoretical but on how to use a basic financial understanding to your advantage in making business decisions.- Unique combination of practical business tools, real life case stories and thought leadership.- Goes beyond skills development to link directly to personal career development.Finance is one of the most essential and yet least liked skills for managers. It cannot be ignored if you want to push your career forward, every manager has to get to grips with budgeting, forecasting and the metrics of performance. Yet many mangers don't feel comfortable with the numbers and this can hold back their progress. Fast Track to Success- Finance focuses on the essentials managers need to know to use financial information for competitive advantage. It bridges the theory of finance with the reality of running a team or business and concentrates on what you need to know to be a successful manager, rather than a finance professional.	2009	FT Prentice Hall						ZZZ000000
9780273725527	Fulfilled,A Personal Revolution in Seven Steps	Deirdre Bounds		Fulfilled gives you unique access to the most powerful improvement programme in the world that has already helped millions of people. Derived and adapted from the highly regarded 12 step AA programme, this book is unlike anything else on the market today, offering readers a unique opportunity to experience a life-changing programme which has been described as one of the 'greatest social movements of the 20th century'Its a shame, but only 35% of the population would describe themselves as very happy. That means that nearly two-thirds of us are not. This is despite most of us being better off, richer and living in more comfortable circumstances than ever before. We spend huge amounts of time and energy in pursuit of money and material wealth, the positive opinions of others, romantic love, a better body- the list is endless. The current challenging economic times are causing people to question more than ever whether this is a healthy and fulfilling approach to life. As we blindly fill our homes with things we hope will bring us happiness, we continue to ask ourselves whether there isn't something more. Well here is the answer. This book contains the well-kept secret to discovering the fulfilment that so many of us lack. It will help you find out who you are, why you fell the way you do and find the fulfillment and contentment you crave. It's about feeling alive and being whole.	2009-06-17	Pearson Education Canada						ZZZ000000
9788131703205	Introduction to Operations and Supply Chain Management	Bozarth		The Text Provides An Integrated And Comprehensive Treatment Of Both Operations And Supply Chain Management. Students Learn How Firms Must Link With Their Supply Chain Partners In Order To Gain A Market Advantage.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9781406612790	The mind map book	Tony Buzan&Barry Buzan		The Mind Map Book introduces a revolutionary system of planning and note-taking that has already changed the lives of millions of people across the globe. The Mind Map, which has been called the 'Swiss army knife for the brain', is a ground-breaking, note-taking technique that is already used by more than 250 million people worldwide and has taken the educational and business world by storm. This book, the definitive full-colour illustrated edition of The Mind Map Book (Tony and Barry Buzan's multi-million-copy bestseller) introduces you to the fundamental operational principles of the ultimate bio-computer - your brain! In addition to helping you maximise your brain power, the book also features a range of stimulating exercises and a lavish and inspirational collection of photographs and original Mind Maps that illustrate the technique.	2006-10-09	BBC Active						ZZZ000000
9781406644265	Memory Book,How to Remember Anything You Want	Tony Buzan		This extraordinary book will start you off on what will be the most exciting intellectual adventure of your life and will provide immediate and compelling proof that your memory can easily and successfully become supercharged! The Memory Book will introduce you to advanced memory techniques, which when combined with the simultaneous development of all your senses, will blast your memory capability into the stratosphere. Imagine your life with a memory that can easily and perfectly learn and recall lists of 10 to 10,000 objects; where you know the name of every bone and muscle in your body; every element on the periodic table and its associated number; the location and capital city of every country in the world. The list of things you could know and learn, just like the capability of your memory, is endless and inexhaustible. The Memory Book is- bull; bull;The ultimate guide to mastering your memory. bull;Written by the master of memory and the brain, Tony Buzan. bull;A fully revised and updated, new edition of a book that has already sold hundreds of thousands of copies around the world. bull;A serious memory improvement book for those serious about improving their memory. bull;The perfect book for a society obsessed with brain training and mitigating debilitating and degenerative mental disease. bull;A satisfying and hugely rewarding personal challenge the opportunity to become a one-in-a-million memory master. bull;As well as dramatically improving your ability to remember, you'll increase your IQ, think more creatively and imaginatively, and, in turn, achieve greater success in all areas of your life. bull;Used to remember names, dates, numbers, speeches, whole books anything.	2010-04-20	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9781406647167	Mind Map Book,Unlock Your Creativity, Boost Your Memory, Change Your Life	Tony Buzan&Barry Buzan		Tony Buzan is the inventor of Mind Maps and The Mind Map Book is the original and best book on how to use them effectively in your own life.Often referred to as the Swiss army knife for the brain', Mind Maps are a ground-breaking, note-taking technique that have already revolutionised the lives of many millions of people around the world and taken the educational and business world by storm.This practical full-colour book will transform the way you plan and organise your life. At school they're perfect for taking notes, revising for exams and planning essays; at work they're great for improving your organisational skills, preparing and running meetings and planning strategy; and in your personal life, no matter what you're trying to plan, be it a wedding, a garden or even your own future - Mind Maps can help.Discover how Mind Maps can boost your memory, unlock your creativity, improve your concentration, revolutionise how you think and learn.Discover today how Mind Maps can change your life.	2010	BBC Active						ZZZ000000
9781406642902	Mind maps for business,revolutionise your business thinking and practice	Tony Buzan&Chris Griffiths		A brand new book from Tony Buzan, Tony Buzan is the world's leading author on the brain and learning. Tony now shares his techniques with the business world to revolutionize business thinking and practice. Accelerate Your Own Productivity; Generate Possibilities for Business Growth; Make Meetings and Discussions More Productive; Negotiate Effectively ; Be a Brainsmart Manager and Leader.Tony Buzan will do for the brain what Stephen Hawkins did for the universe. The TimesMind mappingfor core business skills Mind mappingfor better business thinking Mind mappingfor better business outcomes	2009-08-01	BBC Active						ZZZ000000
9781406644296	The speed reading book,read more, learn more, achieve more	Tony Buzan		The Speed Reading Book will transform the way you read forever. Tony Buzan's fifty years of practice and research in speed reading will give you revolutionary reading techniques that have produced some of the fastest speed readers in the world, including the current World Speed Reading Champion. As well as dramatically improving your reading speed, you'll think faster, more creatively and sharpen your memory. Tony Buzan will show you - bull; bull;Read at speeds of over 1000 words per-minute. bull;Not just simple skim-reading, but also properly and completely comprehending, understanding and retaining the information you've read. bull;Find out how fast your reading speed is now and then discover how you could be reading dramatically faster in no time. This fully revised and updated edition of the powerful book from the world-renowned authority Tony Buzan, will show you exactly how you can quickly start to read at amazing speeds. The techniques in the book are ideal for teachers, students or executives indeed, anyone who wants to improve the speed, comprehension and quality of their reading. The benefits of speed reading are numerous, no matter where or why you read. You'll be able to zip through whole novels in one sitting; you'll speed through newspapers and magazines in minutes; you'll be the envy of your colleagues as you consume and understand business reports in record time. Speed Reading will revolutionise the way you read. You'll save days, weeks even months of your precious time; you'll learn more efficiently and quickly; and you'll be left marvelling at your new-found speed-reading abilities.	2010	BBC Active						ZZZ000000
9788131724545	The Pearson Guide To Objective Physics For Aieee, 2/e	Ravi Raj Dudeja		In preparing The Pearson Complete Guide for the AIEEE, the authors have drawn extensively from their years of experience in preparing students for the All India Engineering Entrance Examination. Covering all three subjects mathematics, physics, and chemistry this book deals lucidly with every topic mentioned in the revised AIEEE syllabus. The book will also serve the needs of other major engineering entrance examinations. FEATURES * Based on the latest AIEEE syllabus * Explanations of concepts and their applications given at the beginning of each chapter * More than 5,000 solved problems * More than 10,000 practice questions including previous years` questions * Features such as Short Cuts, Key Points to Remember, and Caution enhance and sharpen problem-solving skills		Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9780132197090	Electronics fundamentals,circuits, devices, and applications	Thomas L. Floyd		This renowned book offers a comprehensive yet practical exploration of basic electrical and electronic concepts, hands-on applications, and troubleshooting. Written in a clear and accessible narrative, the 7th Edition focuses on fundamental principles and their applications to solving real circuit analysis problems, and devotes six chapters to examining electronic devices.With an eye-catching visual program and practical exercises, this book provides readers with the problem-solving experience they need in a style that makes complex material thoroughly understandable.For professionals with a career in electronics, engineering, technical sales, field service, industrial manufacturing, service shop repair, and/or technical writing.	2007	Prentice Hall						ZZZ000000
9780273724919	Wanted,How to Become the Most Wanted Employee Around	David Freemantle		50 ways to become the person every company will be fighting to hire, the first in line to get a pay rise and promotion, the last person that any company would want to fire.- Eye catching 2 colour page design.- Fast and compelling - Comprises of 50 short chapters- Delivers a unique format and an exceptionally warm, friendly author voice.- Provides advice on the small behavioural things that make a big difference but also gives advice on the core business skills such as taking risk and delivering growth.- All encompassing business, communications skills and personal development book - it's the best of everything.- Will appeal to recent graduates and experienced workers alike.- Extremely pertinent in a recession; people in work need to stay in work, those job hunting need to stand out from the masses.Competition is intense, talent is rife and jobs are never secure. Whether you're going after your first job, dream job or want to rise to the dizzy heights of success with your current or future employer, learn how you can be the most wanted employee around. Based on a life-time of experience working in the best companies around, David Freemantle gives you 50 ways to become the person everyone wants in their organisation:- Use the power of influence to make any situation work for you. Discover how to become instantly likeable! Evolve and grow so you always have the edge! Some examples from wanted:- demonstrates the importance of 'falling in love' with the work you do. People in love with their work are more likely to be 'wanted' than people who hate their work.- stresses the importance of 'going mad' (i.e. going and 'Making A Difference') and thus developing the skills and mindset to differentiate yourself as an individual.- focuses on 'being yourself' and not being what someone else wants you to be. This relates to ambition, principles and behaviour.	2009-12-16	Pearson Education, Limited						ZZZ000000
9780131989351	Automotive Engine Performance	James D. Halderman		Written in and for the 21st century, this comprehensive book is divided into chapters that correspond to the content area of certification as specified by the National Institute for Automotive Service Excellence (ASE) and the National Automotive Technicians Education Foundation (NATEF). The content area of all ASE material certification is listed in the objectives at the beginning of each chapter and all laboratory worksheets are correlated to the NATEF Task List. Terminology throughout reflects the SAE J-1930 standard.Engine Operation, Parts, and Specifications; Engine Condition Diagnosis; Engine Cooling System Operation and Diagnosis; Engine Lubrication System Operation and Diagnosis; Digital Meters and Oscilloscopes; Starting and Charging Systems Diagnosis; Ignition System Components and Operation; Ignition System Diagnosis and Service; Computer Fundamentals; Computer Sensor Operation, Diagnosis, and Service; Engine Fuels and Combustion; Computerized Carburetor Operation, Diagnosis, and Service; Electronic Fuel-Injection Operation, Diagnosis, and Service; Emission Control Device Operation, Diagnosis, and Service; On-Board Diagnostics II; Engine Performance Diagnosis and Testing.For service technicians.	2006-08-05	Pearson Prentice Hall						ZZZ000000
9780273729945	Bounce	Sue Hadfield&Gill Hassob		What do you do when you feel like the world's turned against you? Faced with fear, disappointment, rejection and failure, where do you take refuge? Do you run and hide, fall apart, bury your head in the sand, turn to the bottle or just give up?No, what you do is BOUNCE. And this book shows you how you can face a world rife with disappointment and heartache and still come through it with your head held high and with your hopes and dreams still very much intact.BOUNCE shows you the truth: that failure does not exist, that disappointment is your own best friend and that you are closer to your dreams than you dare to believe.BOUNCE shows you that you are indeed invincible, that you can't fail, that you need fear nothing and you really can BOUNCE back from just about anything.Every day we are inspired and amazed by those who face tragedy and trauma, without seeking it - through illness, disaster, rejection or accident. They show amazing powers of resilience in the way they manage not only to survive, but to move on with their lives.This powerfully positive book explains the nature of disappointment, failure, rejection and mistakes and reveals the vital lessons they all contain. And as unpleasant as these feelings are, and as destructive and degrading as they can be, it clearly demonstrates how you can move through these states and on into a world of success and achievement.Anything is possible when you learn to BOUNCE. You can achieve anything you want. We all experience similar misfortune, but we all experience it and react to it differently. By adopting the right mindset, learning the right set of skills and understanding yourself better than ever, you'll discover the key to a successful life is simple.The book is packed with practical examples of how you can apply the BOUNCE philosophy to different circumstances in your own life and the powerful tips, tricks and advice will help you to apply a BOUNCE mentality to every difficult situation you face.Written with warmth, energy and a great dose of humour, BOUNCE allows you to make mistakes, to fail, to be frightened and to quit. But whilst you do all these things you'll also be learning the vital lessons that steadily and surely will help you become invincible.	2009	Pearson Education, Limited						ZZZ000000
9788131707579	Windows System Programming, 3/e	Hart		This Book Is A Practical Guide To The Essential Features And Functions Of The Windows Api. Unlike Most Resources, It Focuses On The Core System Services - File Systems, Memory, Threads, Synchronization, Processes, Communication, And Security - Rather Than The More Commonly Featured Graphical User Interface (Gui) Functions. While The .Net Framework Has Gotten Most Of The Excitement The Last Few Years, There Are Still Many Developers Whose Main Responsibility Is Developing And Maintaining Windows Systems Apps. Numerous Practical, Well-Tested Application Programs-- Suitable For Both Personal And Server Systems-- Are Included Along With Performance Measurements On A Wide Variety Of Single And Multiprocessor Systems. In Addition To Winxp And Win2003, This Book Teaches How To Use The .Net Framework To Program The Windows System And Develop Applications. This Completely Updated Edition Also Introduces The Use Of Open Source Software.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131721384	Operations Management	Heizer&Jay&Render&Barry&Rajashekhar		Operations Management provides a broad introduction to the field of operations in a realistic, practical manner using the best of available research and practice. It explains the theory and practice of operations management with the aid of examples and video case studies covering a wide range of products, services, and sectors. The specific needs of Indian students and managers are addressed by providing valuable insights into operations management issues and practices across various sectors in India. Students are encouraged to apply their learning to real-life challenges through a multitude of problems in the text and integrated case studies on video.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9780273727538	Leading in Turbulent Times	Kevin Kelly&Gary E. Hayes		Times are tough. What should you do as a leader to make sure your business stays on course? Illustrated with fascinating examples drawn from interviews with some of the world's most talented business leaders,Headwindsexplains how you can navigate through the eye of the storm. The first book to show you how to lead in today's unpredictable economic climate Gives you unrivalled access to the best managed boardrooms in the world, through unique interviews with top international leaders from companies like McDonalds, General Electric and Nissan Winning combination of inspirational anecdotes and case studies from real life leaders and a practical focus on exactly what you need to do to be an effective leader in today's volatile business world	2010-02-05	PRENTICE HALL						ZZZ000000
9780805395938	Astronomy Media Workbook,For the Cosmic Perspective the Essential Cosmic Perspective	Michael C. LoPresto		This revised and expanded popular media workbook is provided withThe Cosmic Perspective, Fourth Edition Media Update and includes a wide selection of in-depth activities using resources from MasteringAstronomy, Voyager: SkyGazer, College Edition v3.6 planetarium software. These thought-provoking projects are suitable for the lab or as assignable homework assignments.	2007	Pearson/Addison Wesley						ZZZ000000
9788131713495	Formulas & Functions MS Office Excel 07	By - Paul Mcfedries		This book, as was each book in the Business Solution series, was created to provide professionals with books that are focused on a specific use or application of a software product. These users don't need general software information, but want specific features and functions related to their particular productivity use. This series is for those who need to go further with the software to specifically solve complex applications and uses. This book not only takes them through Excel's intermediate and advanced options, but also tells them why these options are useful and shows them how to use them in everyday situations and real-world models. This book aims to do all of this with no-nonsense, step-by-step tutorials and lots of practical, useful examples. Professional Features Author is well known for taking difficult tasks and providing straightforward, user-oriented solutions in a highly readable format.  Focuses on the four technologies that users must master to get the most out of Excel: ranges, formulas, data analysis tools, and lists.  Shuns spreadsheet theory in favor of practical know-how that readers can put to use right away.		Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131713334	Embedded Microcontrollers	Morton		This practical text on designing real-time embedded systems using 8- and 16-bit microcontrollers covers both assembly and C programming and real-time kernels. It provides a comprehensive look at embedded microcontrollers-specialized devices used for a variety of applications and which include a memory, a microprocessor, and an I/O interface. Embedded Microcontrollers is one of the first books based on the Motorola MC68HC12. It is for use in any microcontroller course covering embedded systems, or for anyone who wants to design small to medium-sized embedded systems.	2001	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9780132304511	The practice of public relations	Fraser P. Seitel&David Rockefeller		Long admired as the "practitioners" Public Relations text, Seitel's The Practice of Public Relations continues its tradition as the most visual, up-to-date and straightforward principles text available. For the aspiring student of public relations to the veteran professional seeking a refresher, Seitel's text leads the reader thru the evolution of the practice, the preparation and process necessary to reach a variety of "publics" and most importantly how to implement actual PR practice. Drawing on his own vast professional experience, his role as a PR commentator on major U.S television networks such as CNN, ABC and FOX, and his network of industry leaders, Public Relations faculty and generations of PR professionals, Seitel presents the industry with dynamism and relevancy.	2007	Pearson/Prentice Hall						ZZZ000000
9780805305791	Conceptual chemistry,understanding our world of atoms and molecules	John Suchocki		Accompanying CD-ROM contains mini-lectures, demos, animations, and other interactive exercises.	2007-01	Pearson/Benjamin Cummings						ZZZ000000
9781406610192	Use your head,innovative learning and thinking techniques to fulfil your potential	Tony Buzan		Are you worried that you're not achieving your full potential? A few years after this classic book on how to improve your brainpower was first published, a fairly average student announced that he intended to try for a place at Cambridge University. His chances were assessed as 'slim', since his grades were usually unexceptional. But with the help of Use Your Head, he went on to achieve four As at A-level, two starred firsts at Cambridge and a top job with a multi-national company. Since 1974, Use Your Head has been translated into over 27 languages, has been published in five continents and 100 countries, has sold well over a million copies and still the demand increases! Use Your Head will- bull; Teach you the vital skills of Learning How to Think and Learn. bull; Increase your creative thinking and problem-solving capacity bull; Enable you to make the best of your brain bull; Provide you with both the confidence and the means to fulfil your own mental potential	2006	BBC Active						ZZZ000000
9780273725565	How to Get Things Done Without Trying Too Hard	Richard Templar		With 100 clever, cunningly simple and pain-free ways to help you get more things done with the minimum of time and effort, buying this book is one thing you won't want to put off until tomorrow. The wise and witty antidote to procrastination, the definitive manual for getting more done and the best and simplest guide to finding time to do all those little things you know you need to do, but usually can't be bothered to. --A witty, wise and warm approach to a subject that most of us with.-Written by the bestselling author of the internationally acclaimed, million-selling Rules series.-We all claim to be time poor these days. But the so-called free time we do have is usually badly used.-Millions of people are masters of the art of procrastination, but most would also admit that they waste quite a lot of time.-100 clever, simple and pain free ways to get more things done with the minimum of time and effort.-A fresh, original, humorous and straightforward style that readers love - there's no preaching, no guilt-trips and no complicated time-planning techniques.Templar returns! The bestselling author of the internationally acclaimed, million-selling Rules books is back with this, the second of a brand new series of handy guides to life. How to Get Things Done without Trying too Hard is the wise and witty antidote to procrastination, the definitive manual for getting more done and the best and simplest guide to finding time to do all those little things you know you need to do, but usually can't be bothered to. We all know how easy it can be to put things off until tomorrow and we tell ourselves we just don't have time to do things straight away. But tomorrow never comes and slowly but surely all those little tasks and jobs you've been putting off all build up into a huge mountain to climb. In a busy world where being time-poor is a popular complaint, it can be easy to convince ourselves that organising our CD collection or clearing out the garage, cleaning the oven, or shampooing the carpet is just not a good use of time and there are better, usually more exciting, things we could be doing. Time, it seems, is the one thing we always wish we had more of, but when we've got it, on the whole we use it badly. With his inimitable blend of originality, wisdom, common sense and straight talking, Richard Templar will take you through 100 clever, cunningly simple and pain-free ways to help you get more things done and dusted with the minimum of time and effort. Before you know it you'll be ticking things off your to-do list at record speed and feeling more organised, more in control and more able to enjoy that precious free time without the nagging feeling that you've still got things to do.	2009-07-17	Pearson Education Canada						ZZZ000000
9788131717479	The Pearson General Knowledge Manual 2010 (New Edition)	Thorpe		An Updated and Revised Edition of the Most Popular General Knowledge Manual	2010	Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131715260	Marketing Management, 3/e	Winer		This Volume Reflects The Dynamic Environment Inhabited By Today'S Marketers, Helping Readers Understand The Marketplace And The Impact Of Technology On Making Strategic Marketing Decisions. Its Modern, Integrated Presentation And Strategy-Based Approach Covers Critical, Fundamental Topics Required To Succeed In Professional Work. Subjects Include Marketing Philosophy And Strategy Such As Market Research, Customer Behavior And Market Structure, And Marketing Decision-Making And Analysis, Including Product Decisions, Advertising Strategy, Pricing And Customer Relationship Management.		Pearson Education						BUS043000
9781405880787	Longman Wordwise Dictionary	LONGMAN GROUP LIMITED&Pearson		What's new? NEW Thesaurus boxes help students expand their vocabulary NEW Word Choice boxes explain the differences between commonly confused words, such as library and bookshop NEW Usage, grammar, spelling and pronunciation notes gives students all the information they need to avoid making common mistakes NEW 16-page picture dictionary and over 500 full colour pictures throughout the dictionary help students learn and remember key vocabulary NEW Life-long Learning Booklet teaches students the study skills they need to get the most out of their dictionary and improve their vocabulary Now in full colourNEW - Longman Memory Coach CD-ROM Helps students learn and remember words effectively Interactive exercises focus on core meanings and structures, vocabulary building, word choice, spelling and pronunciation Students can memorize key words in a fun and lively way with the Memory Games Picture dictionary helps students understand key vocabulary Includes the full contents of the Longman WordWise Dictionary	2008-01-07	Pearson Longman						REF008000
9788131222928	Nonlinear optics	Robert W. Boyd		Summary: Nonlinear optics is the study of the interaction of intense laser light with matter. The third edition of this textbook has been rewritten to conform to the standard SI system of units and includes comprehensively updated material on the latest developments in the field. The book presents an introduction to the entire field of optical physics and specifically the area of nonlinear optics. Fundamental issues treated in the book include the electromagnetic origin of optical phenomena, the quantum mechanical description of the optical properties of matter, the role of spatial symmetries in determining the optical response, causality and Kramers Kronig relations, and ultrafast and high intensity optical effects. The book also covers applied aspects of nonlinear optics such as harmonic generation, the operation of parametric oscillators, optical switching, photonics, materials issues in nonlinear optics, and processes such as laser damage that can restrict the use of nonlinear optics. This edition contains new material on: * Applications of harmonic generation including applications within the fields of microscopy and biophotonics * Electromagnetically induced transparency * Spectroscopy based on coherent anti-Stokes Raman scattering (CARS) Nonlinear Optics will have lasting appeal to a wide audience of physics, optics, and electrical engineering students, as well as to working researchers and engineers. Those in related fields, such as materials science and chemistry, will also find this book of particular interest. * Presents an introduction to the entire field of optical physics from the perspective of nonlinear optics. * Combines first rate pedagogy with a treatment of fundamental aspects of nonlinear optics * Covers all the latest topics and technology in this ever-evolving industry * Strong emphasis on the fundamentals.	2009	Academic Press						ZZZ000000
9788174467515	Corporate Accounting	Dr V K Goyal		Accounting for different types of corporations comes under the sphere of Corporate Accounting. This book primarily deals with the preparation and presentation of accounts strictly in accordance with the provisions of Indian Company Law. It is written as per the revised syllabus of B.Com. courses of Indian Universities, particularly of Delhi University. This book is divided into 11 chapters. Each chapter contains sufficient number of solved illustrations along with the latest examination papers of Delhi University and other professional institutes. This book provides a comprehensive coverage of the subject in a lucid style making it easy for the students to grasp the subject.	2009-01-01	Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788174466365	Company Law-2nd	S S Gulshan		Some of the special features of this book are: (i) In order to enable the readers know their progress in understanding the subject, a number of exercises are included under the heading ' Check Your Progress'. (ii) The following matter has been provided through appendices: (a) Company Law in a computerized environment (E-governance and E-filling) (b) Corporate governance The book in its present format will prove more useful to the students and others.	2009-01-01	Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788174466273	Logistics Management	Reji Ismail		Deals with the topics of logistics management.	2009-01-01	Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788174466402	Rural Marketing	U C Mathur		India is a country where majority of the population lives in villages. Appreciating the size and business potential of rural sector, major companies, including Hindustan Unilever and P&G have made special strategies for targeting rural markets. The thrust on rural markets is getting stronger day by day and it needs complete knowledge base of rural marketing. The book is meant to create interest in business management students to get into the rural marketing mindset for bringing the desired organisational focus on the subject. Considering the importance of rural markets, most business schools have included Rural Marketing Management as a key knowledge area in their syllabus. The present book has endeavoured to cover the entire gamut of Rural Marketing with inputs from discussions with rural marketing practitioners, besides valuable studies conducted by the major companies and the author's own experience in the area. There are few books on rural marketing which mostly deal with the subject as extending the urban marketing process into the rural zones. The book contains a number of live-wire national and international case studies, meant to enthuse the students in probing the business opportunities and threats in the rural markets. The method of handling the case studies is also provided for the convenience of students. The book is written in simple, easy to understand and lu		Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788174465726	Financial Derivatives	Bishnupriya Mishra&Sathya Swaroop Debasish		In the recent decade, financial markets have been marked by excessive volatility and are associated with various risks. Derivatives are the instruments for managing risks. Derivatives are financial contracts whose value/price is dependent on the behavior of the price of one or more basic underlying assets which may be commodity or financial asset. In recent years, derivatives have become increasingly important in the field of finance. The book discusses at large the meaning, basic understanding, pricing and trading strategies of the financial derivatives. Common derivatives include options, forward contracts, futures contracts, and swaps. While futures and options are now actively traded on many exchanges, forward contracts are popular on the OTC market. This book provides a broad-based introduction to the technical aspects of the main classes of derivatives, the markets in which they are traded and the underlying concepts. This book is a comprehensive, industry-independent exploration of financial derivatives which offers an insightful look inside financial derivatives that is sweeping corporate world, banks, and investment finance. From reviewing the basic building blocks of financial derivatives to systematically examining the myriad of processes involved in creating innovative financial instruments, this lucid text provides professional advice to the learners. This book is intended as a text for MBA students specializing in the area of Finance, students of CA/ICWA, students of M.Com, academicians, researchers, practitioners and investors in general.	2009-01-01	Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788174465146	Materials Management	Rajendra Mishra		Materials management is an essential business function. It is concerned with managing materials, one of the four basic resources (labour, material, equipment, capital). Until recently, it was concerned with purchasing raw materials and very few parts from local markets. Raw materials were used to make most of the parts for making end products. Materials management was regarded as a routine function and was given less importance. But over the years, firms began to procure more and more parts and subassemblies from local as well as global markets. Today over 50% of the revenue of the firms goes for procuring materials, parts and subassemblies from outside. As a result, materials management function has evolved from a clerical buying function into a strategic business function that helps firms to survive and grow. It creates competitive edge by creating superior value by delivering quality product or service on time and offering lower cost by cutting its own cost as well as cutting purchased item cost.Very few of the available texts offer a comprehensive view of the subject & data and examples and cases in the context of Indian industries are limited.The contents of the subject are undergoing rapid changes. Earlier, purchasing was mostly confined to raw materials by manufacturing firms whereas now a large part of it consists of parts, subassemblies and assemblies, beside raw materials. A smaller number of suppliers are preferred now-a-days. Global sourcing is an accepted norm. A change in supplier relations from adversarial to partnership is evident. Lot sizes and lead-times are smaller and there is greater use of information technology.The book is designed to provide comprehensive coverage of the field of materials management by including emerging concepts, practices, tools, techniques, heuristics and quantitative models. Other features of the book include:v Important topics like outsourcing, purchase strategies and enterprise resource planning.v Cases from Indian industries on vendor managed inventory, outsourcing, and spare parts inventory.v Definition of key terms.v Questions at the end of each chapter and answers of selected questions.The book can serve as a text for undergraduate and postgraduate level courses on materials management in the institutes of management, engineering and technology, materials, industrial engineering, operations research and others. It can also serve as a reference for managers, engineers, consultants, and others interested in the field.	2009-01-01	Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788174466815	Basics of Tourism Management	Mishra		The present book incorporates the rudiments of tourism management for the students. It takes a global look at what tourism is all about, with adequate examples wherever necessary, and every effort is made to make the text interesting for the readers. The book is comprehensive in the sense that it treats the different facets of tourism industry. The book will provide an essential reading for anyone interested in tourism, whether a student, a teacher, a professional, or even a common man. It is written in simple and lucid manner so as to be understood without hiccups. The book examines all the key elements of tourism - why it is an important global business and how it affects our everyday lives. In simple terms, it shows how the tourism industry is organized, run and managed. This book provides a clear and frank assessment that is easy to follow and above all it generates a clear idea on the basics of tourism. Reading this book will definitely be enjoyable for one and all.	2009-01-01	Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788174465795	Business Research Methods	S N Murthy&U.Bhojanna		Business research methods will serve as a text book on marketing research for students pursuing courses in management and commerce. The main focus is on the Indian context. Various analytical tools used in research methods are given along with exhaustive coverage and illustrations. Assignments are included in various chapters to help in acquiring in-depth subject knowledge and application orientation. The book contains 7 sections divided into 23 chapters. Case studies are included which will help to develop analytical skills. SPSS application has been described wherever necessary. The book can be of great help to MBA, PGDBM, MMS, BBA and Commerce students.	2009-01-01	Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788174466556	Business Perspectives	S Prabakaran		Knowledge of Indian economic environment is somewhat necessary to understand the different perspectives of Business as a system. In this book, the author has provided a detailed analysis of business objectives, ethics and values. This book exhaustively deals with today's modern business environment. It has twenty eight chapters, dealing with the different components of business environment. The book is written in a simple language in order to help the students to understand the concepts in an effective manner. Various examples are given in the book, to support the text, from domestic as well as global backgrounds. Seven case studies have been provided in the book to enable the students to understand the nature of cases in different business perspectives. The reference of special economics zones and economic reforms in India has been provided in the appendices. On the whole, it is a comprehensive and simple book on business perspectives.	2009-01-01	Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788174464484	Human resources management,text and cases	V S P Rao		The book presents the fundamentals of Human Resource Management in a simple, lucid and easily understandable style. It provides a comprehensive coverage to a vast, growing discipline well supported by a wealth of research data collected from multifarious sources, potently and carefully. A notable feature of the book is that it gives extensive coverage to HRD topics. The book contains a number of informative tables, summary boxes and useful diagrams. It is also liberally sprinkled with current examples and illustrations designed to convey the information in an uncomplicated manner. The book is primarily meant for students pursuing advanced courses in Human Resource Management such as MBA, PGDBA, M Com and IAS.Some of the changes in the Second Edition are summarized below:v A refined version of SHRMv Total quality HRM approachv Summarised versions of best employers in India especially their recruitment, selection, training and executive development practicesv Succession planning and succession management enriched with live corporate examplesv 360-degree feedback system, essentials of an effective appraisal system, potential appraisalv How leading Indian companies appraise potentialv Latest data regarding union membership; union recognition, criteria and rights, voluntary recognition and the code of discipline, verification of union membership, the check off system, recommendations of NCL, current trends in trade unionismv Features of industrial relations, approaches to industrial relations, latest data regarding industrial disputesv Important uses of human resource information systemv New chapter on International Human Resource Managementv Study Aids in a New Format: Discussion questions, Internet sources, true/false questions, key term exercises, student activities, etc., have been brought under one roof, i e, at the end of each chapterv 9 New Cases: The case of the risky recruit, the case of bench management, the case of TQM and innovation, compensation crises, incentive issues, the case of variable pay, the case of involuntary VRS, the case of mentoring management and the case of the hushed relationship	2009-01-01	Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788174466129	Research Methodology for Management and Social Sciences	Aditham Bhujanga Rao		Research Methodology is an important area of study in graduate and post-graduate courses for Management, Commerce, Engineering, Law and Technology etc. The present book 'Research Methodology for Management and Social Sciences' Provides extensive details about the various aspects of Research Methodology.		Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788174467294	New Media Marketing	Shameem A		Papers presented at the one day National Conference on New Media Marketing, held at Chennai.	2009-01-01	Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788174467508	Cost Accounting	By - K S Thakur		A business enterprise operates in a dynamic environment which creates many new facets of management problems characterized by the presence of large scale production, research, expansion, product improvement and diversification, widening of the market and cut-throat competition, leaving narrow margin for profit. The importance of cost accounting has risen due to this competitive environment. It is a significant aspect in the field of Commerce, Management and other important functional areas.  This book covers all the advanced topics of cost accounting included in the syllabi of BCom, MCom, BBA, MBA and other similar professional courses of Indian Universities. Every chapter is well-equipped with solved problems as well as theoretical and numerical questions for better understanding of the graduate and postgraduate syllabi of Commerce and Management.	2009-01-01	Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788174465788	Corporate Accounting	K.K. Verma		The book is designed as per the latest amendments of the Company (Amendment) Act 2002. It covers the latest syllabus of B.Com. and M.Com. of the UGC. It is also useful for the students pursuing Management, Commerce and PG courses of all the major universities. * Provides complete clarity in a simple and lucid manner which will make it easy for students to understand the subject. * Concepts are elaborated with a large number of illustrations for the understanding of the subject. * A sufficient number of examination questions of different universities and professional bodies is provided in the subject matter. * A large number of illustrations and questions are placed in the chapters in a systematic and scientific manner so that the readers may acquire real, complete, thorough and up-to-date knowledge of the subject. KEY FEATURES:* 284 Solved Problems* 296 Unsolved Problems* 101 Review Questions (Theoretical Questions)* 77 Fill in the blanks with answers* 117 True and False with answers* 70 Multiple Choice Questions with answers* 88 Short answer type questions as well long answer type questions* Mind Stretching Practical questions at the end of chapters.	2009-01-01	Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788175152694	Object-Oriented Programming in C++, 3rd Edition	Robert Lafore		The Waite Croup's Object-Oriented Programming in C+ +, Third Edition is the latest revision in a series of classic programming titles-having introduced thousand of users to object-oriented programming in C+ +. This book takes you from simple programming examples straight up to full-fledged object-oriented applications quick, real-world examples, conceptual illustrations, questions, and exercises. Covering the most current features of the ANSI/ISO C+ + standard as it applies object-oriented programming, this guide assumes no C programming experience* only expects you to be familiar with basic programming concepts. Learn the syntax and features of C+ + and how they can be used to tackle recurring problems with design patterns, help determine C++ classes, and how to systematically diagram the relationship between classes using CRC modeling and the Universal Modeling Language (UML).	2003-01-01	Galgotia Publications						ZZZ000000
9788190694209	Surveying and Levelling	Bhavikatti		This book is meant for the first course on Surveying and Levelling of most of the universities. It covers all basic methods of surveying and levelling, applications of surveying and levelling, calculation of areas and volumes of earth work involved in the field work. Minor instruments used in the field are also explained.The author has taken care to use simple and lucid language and to explain the subject with neat sketches. A number of problems are solved to make the subject clear.Diploma and degree students of Civil Engineering, Architecture and Mining will find this book useful	2009	I. K. International Pvt Ltd						TEC009020
9788190675772	Multiple Choice Questions in Computer Science	E Kumar		The present book aims to provide a thorough account of the type of questions asked in various competitive examinations conducted by UPSC, public sector organizations, private sector companies etc. and also in GATEIt covers almost all the important and relevant topics, namely	2008	I. K. International Pvt Ltd						COM014000
9788189866754	Gas Insulated Substations,Gis	Naidu		The increase in demand for electricity and the growing energy density in metropolitan cities have made it necessary to extend the existing high voltage network right up to the consumer. Stepping down the voltage from transmission to the distribution level at the substations located near the actual consumers not only yields economic advantages, but also ensures reliable power supply. Such substations are required to meet a number of severe requirements, including small installation size, effective protection against atmospheric pollution and moisture, noiseless operation, nonexplosive and flame resistant, reduced maintenance, minimal radio interference while providing excellent electric characteristics. Conventional substations using atmospheric air as the main dielectric cannot satisfy these requirements, but totally enclosed substations using sulphur hexafluoride (SF6) gas insulation that are also known as Gas Insulated Substations (GIS). GIS is now in widespread use in the electrical power industry, especially in metropolitan areas. This book will serve as a valuable reference for the novice as well as the expert who needs a wider and detailed scope of coverage within the area of GIS.Gas Insulated Substations provides a comprehensive coverage of a wide range of topics which include:" Introduction to GIS & Properties of SF6" Layout, Design, Construction, Testing & Maintenance of GIS" Special Problems and Diagnostic Techniques" VFTO Phenomena and its Effects in GIS" Service Experience" Standards Specifications" Future Trends" Extensive ReferencesGas Insulated Substations (GIS) is the first single source for authoritative information on the state of the art in GIS.	2008	I. K. International Pvt Ltd						TEC007000
9788189866365	Textbook of Environmental Chemistry	B Pani		Textbook of Environmental Chemistry has been designed to provide fundamental knowledge of the principles related to environment and its chemistry so as to meet the challenging requirements of students as well as teachers of Environmental Sciences, Environmental Chemistry and Environmental Studies at graduate, postgraduate, polytechnic, and engineering levels at all Indian Universities. This book is also useful for the students and professors of general science. The book explores biological resources and their relationship with physical and chemical aspects of the environment. Due emphasis has been given to the regional as well as global environmental problems like water, air, soil and noise pollution, their types and sources, effects on the ecosystem.Key Features" The book deals with principles and chemical reactions that govern the behaviour of water, air and soil environement." The book emphasizes on the origin of various pollutants and their control." New and current fields of environmental science Green Chemistry, Environmental Biotechnology, Polymers for Environment." It covers environmental impact, planning and laws to help readers understand how policies and plans are formulated to protect our environment." Environmental pollution abatement engineering and technology has been discussed in-depth	2007	I. K. International Pvt Ltd						TEC010000
9788188237777	Current Trends in Pharmacology	Arunabha Ray		Pharmacology is a rapidly progressing area of biomedical research, with new developments surfacing at regular intervals, constantly revolutionizing drug therapy for disease states. The interaction of this discipline with other biomedical sciences has opened up new vistas and opportunities in drug design and development. Basic and clinical concepts in the mechanism and use of drugs are carefully integrated into hypotheses, which are aimed at the maintenance of a critical balance between health and disease. Current Trends in Pharmacology is a comprehensive collection of topics highly significant in the current health scenario. The book comprises a combination of articles in clinical and experimental pharmacology and toxicology from the viewpoint of both basic and clinical scientists. It also details recent developments in the basic aspects of drug action in some very relevant disease states like hypertension, atherosclerosis, arrhythmia, stroke, tuberculosis, hospital acquired pneumonia, and cancer. It also highlights the applied issues relating to rational use of drugs. The contributing authors are leading experts in their respective fields and have presented the topics in a lucid and comprehensive manner	2007	I. K. International Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780787982386	Eisenhower on leadership,Ike's enduring lessons in total victory management	Alan Axelrod		"Dwight David Eisenhower never led a single soldier into battle. Before World War II, he had never even heard a shot fired in anger. His only 'combat wound' was the bad knee, weakened by a West Point football injury, that he twisted helping to push a jeep out of the Normandy mud. Yet it was Ike Eisenhower who, as supreme Allied commander in Europe, was responsible for leading the greatest military enterprise in history."  --From the Author's Introduction Eisenhower's task was not to lead men into battle, but to lead the generals who led men into battle. The skills that Ike possessed to manage the challenges of the strategic battleground-- coordinating, prioritizing, judging, and cajoling others toward a common goal--are the same skills CEOs need today to lead large and complex enterprises. Based on the findings in recently released archive papers and letters, as well as extensive library and historical resources, Alan Axelrod offers a compelling profile of the remarkable leadership discipline of a general often called a "military CEO." In fascinating detail, Axelrod reveals that Ike was more than a great military leader; he was also a great executive who could--and did--write a reassuring letter to the mother of a solider one moment?and make decisions impacting millions of lives the next. Follow Ike's path as Supreme Commander from the invasion of North Africa to victory in Europe and learn the lessons of great leadership along the way, including: The nature of leadership Managing detail without sacrificing the "big picture" Ensuring follow-through to execution Building a team Converting conflict into common cause Getting the facts and making plans Mentoring, motivating, and inspiring History buffs and business executives alike will find Eisenhower on Leadership a remarkable story of the man who embodies the qualities of selfless service--and who helped accomplish history's greatest mission.	2006	John Wiley and Sons						ZZZ000000
9780470008683	Frommer's Rome	Darwin Porter&Danforth Prince		A complete guide to the city's sights, from the Colosseum to the Vatican. With listing that help you build your own itinerary, plus a whole chapter full of detailed walking tours, this in-depth guide is simply much more detailed and comprehensive than its major competition. You'll find authoritative but fun-to-use coverage of all the ancient ruins, amazing artworks, and fascinating churches, with valuable insights that will enrich your trip. We've provided all the background information you need to enjoy and understand what you're seeing.  You'll find candid reviews of a huge selection of accommodations and restaurants in all price ranges. It's all here in one easy-to-use guide, complete with a handy glossary of Italian phrases, a color fold-out map, and an online directory that makes trip-planning a snap!	2006-12-01	John Wiley and Sons						ZZZ000000
9780471962236	Frommer's Italy 2007	Darwin Porter&Danforth Prince		Completely updated every year Frommer's Italy features a completely redesigned section of gorgeous color photos and maps of the most of the ancient and modern cities, classical architecture and ruins, vineyards, villages, and gorgeous countryside vistas that await you. Much more detailed and comprehensive than the major competition, this is simply the most reliable and in-depth guide you can buy. It's personally researched and full of candid opinions. Our authors have chosen the very best places to stay, from the grand hotels of Rome and the chic resorts of Capri to charming and affordable inns and small hotels in regions like Tuscany and the Lake District. And of course, we'll make sure that you dine memorably throughout Italy, whether you're splurging on a world-class restaurant in Florence or looking for a little-known trattoria that serves all the classics. Wherever you go, you'll rely on Frommer's for authoritative but fun-to-use coverage of all the historic, artistic, and cultural treasures. You'll get a complete shopper's guide, the latest trip-planning advice on everything from bargain airfares to rail passes, and a complete shopper's guide. Frommer's Italy even features a color fold-out map!	2006-08-11	John Wiley and Sons						ZZZ000000
9780470066454	Private equity as an asset class	Guy Fraser-Sampson		Guy Fraser-Sampson draws upon twenty years' private equity experience to provide a practical guide to mastering the intricacies of this highly specialist asset class. Aimed equally at investors, professionals and business school students, it starts with such fundamental questions as "what is private equity?" and progresses to detailed analysis of venture and buyout returns. It also unveils a totally new concept which looks set to revolutionise thinking in the industry: Total Return investing.  Often unfairly reviled, and frequently misunderstood, private equity differs from all other asset classes in various important respects, not least in the nature and timing of its returns, which require a whole new approach for those reared on more traditional investments such as bonds and shares. This book shows how a good grasp of the basic structure of private equity vehicles and returns (including the dreaded J-curve) can lead to full understanding of the techniques needed to measure and analyse performance.  Key points include:  A glossary of private equity terms Venture funds and transactions Buyout funds and transactions Understanding private equity returns Analysis of historic returns How to plan a fund investment programme How to conduct effective due diligence Total Return investing	2007	John Wiley and Sons						ZZZ000000
9781841126555	The rebel sell,how the counterculture became consumer culture	Joseph Heath&Andrew Potter		An explosive rejection of the myth of the counterculture in the most provocative book since No Logo. In this wide-ranging and perceptive work of cultural criticism, Joseph Heath and Andrew Potter shatter the central myth of radical political, economic and cultural thinking. The idea of a counterculture - that is, a world outside of the consumer dominated one that encompasses us - pervades everything from the anti-globalisation movement to feminism and environmentalism. And the idea that mocking the system, or trying to 'jam' it so it will collapse, they argue, is not only counterproductive but has helped to create the very consumer society that rad icals oppose. In a lively blend of pop culture, history and philosophical analysis, Heath and Potter offer a startlingly clear picture of what a concern for social justice might look like without the confusion of the counterculture obsession with being different.	2006	Capstone						ZZZ000000
9780470078334	Frommer's Hong Kong	Beth Reiber		Frommer's. The best trips start here.  Experience a place the way the locals do. Enjoy the best it has to offer. * Including excursions to the New Territories, the most accessible outlying islands, and Macau. * Outspoken opinions on what's worth your time and what's not. * Exact prices, so you can plan the perfect trip whatever your budget. * Off-the-beaten-path experiences and undiscovered gems, plus new takes on top attractions.  Find great deals and book your trip at Frommers.com	2007-02-09	Frommer's						ZZZ000000
9780470040768	Frommer's Australia 2007	Marc Llewellyn&Lee Mylne		Frommer's. The best trips start here.Experience a place the way the locals do. Enjoy the best it has to offer. From Adelaide to the Melbourne Zoo, our authors show you Australia in all its amazing diversity. Outspoken opinions on what's worth your time and what's not. Exact prices, so you can plan the perfect trip whatever your budget. Off-the-beaten-path experiences and undiscovered gems, plus new takes on top attractions. Find great deals and book your trip at Frommers.com and download a free companion podcast about Australia!	2006-11-17	John Wiley and Sons						ZZZ000000
9780470049037	Frommer's Shanghai	Sharon Owyang		You'll never fall into the tourist traps when you travel with Frommer's. It's like having a friend show you around, taking you to the places locals like best. Our expert authors have already gone everywhere you might go -- they've done the legwork for you, and they're not afraid to tell it like it is, saving you time and money. No other series offers candid reviews of so many hotels and restaurants in all price ranges. Every Frommer's Travel Guide is up-to-date, with exact prices for everything, dozens of color maps, and exciting coverage of sports, shopping, and nightlife. You'd be lost without us!  Shanghai, the most progressive and international of the mainland cities in China (and also the largest), already attracts millions of visitors annually. Recent projects, new attractions, and a booming nightlife and restaurant scene are making Shanghai an even more popular tourist destination. The world's tallest hotel--the 88-story Grand Hyatt, with the world's highest hotel swimming pool--is emblematic of Shanghai's modern style.  Frommer's Shanghai includes a Chinese Language Appendix, plus Chinese translations of hotel, restaurant, and attraction names. You'll also find special tips for business travelers, plus sections on Chinese ways and manners, the pros and cons of joining a tour and traveling on your own, and the best shopping buys. There are lots of accurate two-color maps plus complete details on getting there, getting around, and coping with the language barrier.	2006-11-17	John Wiley and Sons						ZZZ000000
9780470007457	Frommer's France 2007	Darwin Porter&Danforth Prince		Experience a place the way the locals do. Enjoy the best it has to offer. Frommer's. The best trips start here.  Comprehensive advice on the best of France, from Paris to Provence, from Normandy to Nice. Outspoken opinions on what's worth your time and what's not. Exact prices, so you can plan the perfect trip whatever your budget. Off-the-beaten-path experiences and undiscovered gems, plus new takes on top attractions.   Find great deals and book your trip at Frommers.com	2006-10-13	John Wiley and Sons						ZZZ000000
9780470037416	Frommer's Portable Paris 2007	Darwin Porter&Danforth Prince		Put the Best of Paris inYour Pocket * A compact guide on getting to and enjoying the best of the City of Light. * Outspoken opinions on what's worth your time and what's not. * Exact prices, so you can plan the perfect trip no matter what your budget. * Off-the-beaten-path experiences and undiscovered gems, plus new takes on top attractions. * The best hotels and restaurants in every price range, with candid reviews. Frommer's. The best trips start here. Experience a place the way the locals do. Enjoy the best it has to offer. And avoid tourist traps. At Frommer's, we use 150 outspoken travel experts around the world to help you make the right choices. Find great deals and book your trip at Frommers.com	2006-11-29	John Wiley and Sons						ZZZ000000
9780470039205	Outlines & Highlights for Travels of A T-Shirt in the Global Economy,An Economist Examines the Markets, Power, and Politics of World Trade by Pietra Rivoli, ISBN: 9780470039205	Cram101 Textbook Reviews		Never HIGHLIGHT a Book Again! Virtually all testable terms, concepts, persons, places, and events are included. Cram101 Textbook Outlines gives all of the outlines, highlights, notes for your textbook with optional online practice tests. Only Cram101 Out	2009	Academic Internet Publishers						EDU000000
9780471945185	Frommer's Portable New York City 2007	Brian Silverman		Put the Best of New York City in Your Pocket  An insider's guide to the best of New York City, from the Bronx (up) to the Battery (down) and everywhere in between. Outspoken opinions on what's worth your time and what's not. Exact prices, so you can plan the perfect trip no matter what your budget. Off-the-beaten-path experiences and undiscovered gems, plus new takes on top attractions. The best hotels and restaurants in every price range, with candid reviews.  Frommer's. The best trips start here.  Experience a place the way the locals do. Enjoy the best it has to offer.  And avoid tourist traps. At Frommer's, we use 150 outspoken travel experts around the world to help you make the right choices.  Find great deals and book your trip at Frommers.com	2006-11-03	John Wiley and Sons						ZZZ000000
9780787982935	Positive Risk,How Smart Women Use Passion to Break Through Their Fears	Barbara Stoker		Learn What it takes to Become a Positive Risk Taker  "Positive risk is a perspective, an attitude, and a life philosophy that creates a shift away from the negative view of risk that so many of us were taught. This book will help change your perceptions regarding risk so that you can begin to better understand how valuable and constructive risks really are. Many of us go to great lengths to avoid risk, yet in reality, it is through taking intelligent risk that we grow, learn, and achieve our dreams, goals, and ambitions. By taking well-thought-out chance, we make a difference in our own lives and those of others. By adopting a positive risk perspective, you will begin to see new possibilities in yourself and the world around you." -From Positive Risk  "There are three legs in creating success: confidence, passion, and risk taking. Positive Risk delivers realistic, doable strategies that work today. Stoker's ideas will open your eyes, enthuse your spirit, and get you back on track. Positive Risk is a keeper for both personal and professional libraries." -Dr. Judith Briles, author, The Confidence Factor  "Colorado author Barbara Stoker is a master at risk taking." -Denver Business Journal	2006	John Wiley and Sons						ZZZ000000
9788131800003	A Textbook Of Strength Of Materials	Bansal		The Fourth Edition Of This Book 'A Textbook Of Strength Of Materials' Contains Twenty Five Chapters. This Edition Has Been Thoroughly Revised And Made Up-To-Date. A Large Number Of Numerical Problems From Different B.E. Degree Examination Have Been Added With Solution At Proper Places. At The End Of Each Chapter, Highlights, Theoretical Questions And Many Unsolved Numerical Problems With Answers Have Been Given For The Students To Practice Them. Three Advanced Topics-Stresses Due To Rotation In Thin And Thick Cylinders, Bending Of Curved Bars And Theories Of Failures Of The Materials Have Also Been Added. These Chapters Have Been Written In Such A Simple And Easy-To-Follow Language That Even An Average Student Can Understand Them Easily By Self Study. A Large Number Of Objective Type Multiple Choice Questions, Asked In The Most Of The Competitive Examination, Have Been Incorporated In This Edition With Answers And Explanations To Make This Edition More Useful For Competitive Examinations.	2007	Laxmi Publications						ZZZ000000
9788131806975	Workshop Technology (Manufacturing Process)	S. K. Garg		This Textbook Includes Exposure To Plant & Shop Layout, Industrial Safety, Engineering Materials And Their Heat Treatment, Bench Work And Fitting, Smithy And Forging, Sheet Metal Work, Wood And Wood Working, Foundry, Welding, Mechanical Working And Machine Shop Practices. A Greater Stress Has Been Laid On Pictorial Representation Of Various Hand Tools, Operators And Machine Tools Rather Than Giving Exhaustive Write Up On Various Topics. The Matter Has Been Presented In A Structured Manner And In An Easy To Understand Language, Which Can Be Mastered Easily By Students Of Various Disciplines. Attention Has Also Been Paid To The Fact That The Text As Well As The Diagrams Can Be Easily Reproduced By The Students In Theory Examinations.The Book Will Be Useful For The Students Of Engineering, Supervisors, Tool Room Personnel And Operators Working In Manufacturing And Other Industries.	2009-05-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788170088530	Surveying	Dr. B.C. Punmia&Ashok Kumar Jain&Ashok Kr. Jain&Arun Kr. Jain		This Volume Is One Of The Two Which Offer A Comprehensive Course In Those Parts Of Theory And Practice Of Plane And Geodetic Surveying That Are Most Commonly Used By Civil Engineers. The First Volume Covers In 24 Chapters, The Most Common Surveying Operations. Each Topic Introduced Is Thoroughly Described, The Theory Is Rigorously Developed, And A Large Number Of Numerical Examples Are Included To Illustrate Its Application. General Statements Of Important Principles And Methods Are Almost Invariably Given By Practical Illustration. Apart From Illustrations Of Old And Conventional Instruments, Emphasis Has Been Placed On New Or Modern Instruments, Both For Ordinary As Well As Precise Work. A Good Deal Of Space Has Been Given To Instrumental Adjustments With Thorough Discussion Of Geometrical Principles In Each Case. Many New Advanced Problems Have Also Been Added Which Will Prove Useful For Competitive Examinations.	2005	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788170088837	Surveying	Dr. B.C. Punmia&Ashok Kumar Jain&Arun Kr. Jain		This Volume Is Continuation With Volume I, And Deals With Advanced Topics Of Plane And Geodetic Surveying. The Book Contains Sixteen Chapters, Including Four Chapters On Field Astronomy, Photogrammetric Surveying, Electro-Magnetic Distance Measurement (Edm) And Remote Sensing. Along With Conventional Instruments, The Book Also Contains Illustrations And Descriptions Of The Most Modern And Advanced Measuring Instruments Such As Wild T-2, T-3 And T-4 Theodolites, Electronic Theodolites, Distomats And Total Station. Each Topic Has Been Thoroughly Described, The Theory Is Rigorously Developed And A Large Number Of Numerical Examples Have Been Included To Illustrate Its Application. The Book Also Contains Advanced Problems Useful For Competetive Examinations.	2005	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333904688	Night sky	Clare Francis		This is essentially a textbook on sociological thought which critically examines major sociological thinkers like Comte, Marx, Spencer, Durkheim, Pareto, Simmel Weber, Mannheim and Sorokin. The book is written in an easy, lucid style and sums up the development of sociological thought for over two centuries.	2001-01-26	Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780230630147	Distribution And Logistics Management A Strategic Marketing Approach	Agrawal		The contemporary philosophy of distribution management has evolved from a dark continent of marketing to a strategic tool of marketing for gaining differential advantage in the hyper-competitive marketplace mainly driven by globalization and information technology. To exploit the strategic competency of distribution management, it is essential to have an integration of logistics with distribution system. Most of the texts available presently on these subjects lack this integrated approach. In this book, an attempt has been made to bridge this gap. Salient features Integration of logistics systems with distribution management in strat marketing perspectives. Enrichment of knowledge about distribution and logistics management in the information technology perspective. Highlighting strategic role of integrated distribution management for growth and long-term performance of physical product industries. Illustration of conceptual frameworks with best practices and contemporary	2007	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230639003	Managing Agile Projects : The Project Management Essentials Library	Aguanno		Are you being asked to manage a project with:" Unclear requirements? " High levels of change? " A team using Extreme Programming or other Agile Methods?If you are a project manager or team leader who is interested in learning the secrets of successfully controlling and delivering agile projects, then this book was written for you. From learning how agile projects are different from traditional projects, to detailed guidance on a number of agile management techniques and how to introduce them onto your own projects, this book contains the insider secrets from some of the industry experts - the visionaries who developed the agile methodologies in the first place.Chapters focus on topics critical to the success of projects facing changing requirements and seemingly impossible deadlines. Chapters cover topics such as engineering unstable requirements, active stakeholder participation, conducting agile meetings, extreme testing, agile documentation, and how to use agile methods under fixed price contracts. The book also provides information to help you plan your agile projects better to avoid some common pitfalls introduced by the fast pace and concurrent activities common to agile development methods. This book will show you the tricks to keeping agile projects under control.	2009-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403929013	Textbook Of Differential Calculus	Musheer Ahmad		Calculus is central to all branches of science and engineering. This book on Differential Calculus is written according to the UGC Model Curriculum and presents an integrated study of the subject to BA/BSc and engineering students and also those aspiring for Civil and State Services Examinations. Structured into 12 chapters, Textbook of Differential Calculus first spells out the fundamental concepts of the subject and then goes on to discuss core topics such as, Limits, Continuity and Differentiability, Successive Differentiation and Leibnitz s Theorem, Tangents and Normals, Expansion of Functions in Series, Partial Differentiation, and so on. The present book is an outcome of the author s years of teaching experience of the subject at various levels of academics. Salient Features " Includes fundamental concepts, illustrative examples and their applications to various problems. " Each chapter starts with clear definitions, and then enunciates principles and theorems. " Each chapter contains a large number of solved examples culled from the question bank of different universities.	2005	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403923394	Alternate Career Choices	Usha Albuquerque&Amrit Sujan		In today s global village, our boundaries have opened up as never before. Youngsters at the threshold of a career choice have several exciting opportunities to chose from. This book guides the reader toward career opportunities that were traditionally not so popular as well as analyses trends that are in vogue in India today. It also, gives an indication of the types of jobs available in the days to come.	2004-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230638983	Risk Management & Insurance : Concepts And Practices Of Life And General Insurance	Arunajatesan		A comprehensive textbook on insurance covering basic concepts and market practices supplemented with latest information and developments in the insurance sector.The book is intended to satisfy the long felt need of the university students, who were in search of a good book written in the Indian context based on Indian laws and regulations. A cogent and lucid presentation will imbibe interest in students and facilitate easy reading and appreciation of the intricacies and nuances of insurance. References to laws and regulations at appropriate places, inclusion of case studies, exercises, specimen forms of policies and proposals, will be an added advantage to the learners and will facilitate in better understanding of the practical aspects of insurance business.The book will be of great help to the students. The teachers and insurance professionals will find it handy as a source of ready reference.	2009	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403930286	Law Of Negotiable Instruments	Amit Bajaj&Puneet Bajaj		Worldwide negotiable instruments form the lifeline of all commercial dealings. Hence a proper understanding of the law relating to these instruments is very important, and the Law of Negotiable Instruments is an attempt to fulfil this requirement. In 1988, with the introduction of Chapter XVII to the Negotiable Instruments Act the dishonour of cheque for insufficient funds was made into a criminal offence under section 138 of the Act. This has given the Act a new prominence, which has been duly recognised and emphasized in the present work. This book also traces the origin of the English common law and the corresponding provisions of the English law. Some of the salient features of the book are: " A detailed and exhaustive commentary on the provisions of dishonour of cheques " Provides the latest case law on the subject " Differences between the Indian and English laws have been highlighted " It is comprehensive in its coverage and has been written and formatted in a simple and flowing language so as to make it reader-friendly. This book has been so written so as to conform to the syllabi prescribed by the Bar Council of India. It would thus act as a useful companion not only for law students and other students of commercial laws but also for the bench, bar and litigants.	2006-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333909775	Cobol Programming : A Self Study Text	E Balagurusamy		The book presents all aspects of the language in a step-by-step framework in the increasing order of difficulty. Each major idea is followed by do it yourself exercise designed to test the undeIrstanding of the reader. This book would be an ideal text for all those who intend to master COBOL language at their own pace.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333909607	Computer Oriented Statistical And Numerical Methods	E Balagurusamy		A comprehensive and up to date text developed according to the current curriculum needs in India, it is an ideal course book for students of DCA, MCA, BSc (Computer Science) and B Tech.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333922101	English Phonetics For Indian Students A Workbook	T Balasubramanian		This workbook is a companion volume to A Textbook of English Phonetics for Indian Students. It contains exercises on all the concepts discussed in the textbook in order to check the students understanding of elementary General Phonetics and Phonetics and Phonology of English.	2000	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333910160	A Textbook Of English Phonetics : For Indian Students	T Balasubramanian		A detailed textbook of English phonetics with comprehensive information about general phonetics which will make the reader s task of understanding English phonetics better. Plenty of examples are drawn from Indian languages to illustrate the points made.	2000	Macmillan India Ltd.						LAN000000
9780333932285	Happy Times	Judie Bittinger			2001-03-03	Macmillan Heinemann ELT						ZZZ000000
9780230634619	Simple ways to manage stress	Pramod Batra		" Do you feel stressed out all the time?" Do you feel you never have enough time to complete all your tasks?" Do you wonder how to manage work, family, and other aspects of your life, in today's fast-paced world? Relax! Simple Ways to Manage Stress offers common-sense solutions for your everyday problems. " Find out how to change your life from stressful to stress-free!" Discover the wisdom of Ten Attitudinal Guru Mantras for self-motivation!" Learn the difference between KFP (Kee Farak Painda) and BFP (Bahut Farak Painda)! Written in an easily readable style, with humorous illustrations by Mickey Patel, and a foreword by the renowned cardiologist, Professor ML Bhatia, Simple Ways to Manage Stress is sure to make a positive difference to your life!	2008	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333934036	Secrets Of Power Marketing	Peter Urs Bender&George Torok		Using hundreds of tips, anecdotal checklists and examples from their own experience, Bender and Torok outline five strategies of personal Power Marketing that every businessperson should know and use.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333934043	Secrets Of Power Presentations	Peter Urs Bender		This book tells you how you can be successful in your effort to communicate. Compiled in an easy-to-comprehend step-by-step method, this book will save time, effort and embarrassment of young managers serious about their career.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230638990	Street - Smart Advertising How To Win The Battle Of The Buzz	Berman		Even the most creative mind needs stimulation. The more inventive pieces it takes in, the more resources it has to draw from. That's why, for instance, many advertising creatives keep their own clip files. Street-Smart Advertising contains a plethora of examples designed to jump-start the right side of the brain. It is packed with memorable uses of new media, exciting on-strategy marketing, creative online work, insightful quotes by giants in the advertising industry, and exercises to strengthen creative thinking. Students and practitioners alike can reference this book for fresh campaign concepts, unusual visual treatments, innovative media ideas, powerful writing techniques, brainstorming methods, and more. Loaded with lots of great ideas and concepts. Guaranteed to stimulate your thinking and your creative juices. Al Ries, author of The Origin of Brands In Street-Smart Advertising, Margo Berman gives you the answers to the questions you must ask if you re embarking up	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333934784	A History Of Literary Criticism	Harry Blamires		This survey traces the development of English literary criticism from its roots in classical and medieval theory to the controversies of the present day. The standpoints of major critics are examined in their respective historical contexts, and crucial foreign influences are noted.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403928702	An Introduction To Documentary Credits A Comprehensive Guide To Letters Of Credit And Ucp 500	Rupnarayan Bose		An Introduction to Documentary Credits is a complete treatise on Letters of Credit (LC) and ICC Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits (UCP 500). The articles of UCP 500 have been analysed in-depth in this book. All related issues have been discussed in a very lucid manner, primarily from their practical standpoint. Complex issues regarding LC operations have been explained in a very simple language. Certain topics rarely discussed in detail earlier have now been presented from a unique perspective that would be of great interest to the reader. The book provides a rich source of information, helpful hints and practical guidelines for everyone dealing with documentary credits. Bankers, importers, exporters, executives with international trading houses should find critical and valuable suggestions to help them in their operations. This book should also be useful to instructors, trainers, faculty members and those appearing for examinations or interviews. Further, the	2006	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230633506	Arthritis Encyclopedia : 160 Frequently Occuring Disorders	Luzano		20-Year Comprehensive Research Lots of health Secrets Revealed Breakthroughs in Traditional and Alternative Therapies Easy-To-Read-Text for the Common Readers PRIMARY TOPICS " Arthritis " Back pain " Bursitis " Carpal tunnel " Fibromyalgia " Fibrositis " Flat foot " Foot pain " Fracture " Gout " Jaw disorder " Juvenile rheumatoid " Lupus " Neuralgia " Neuritis " Osteoarthritis " Osteoporosis " Rheumatic fever " Rheumatism " Rheumatoid arthritis " Sciatica " Slipped discs " Sprain " Synovitis " Tendinitis " Varicose veins SECONDARY TOPICS " Allergy " Auto-immune " Birdflu " Diabetes " Dieting " Exercise " Headache " Heart attacks " Herbals " Hypertension " Insomnia " Kidney " Longevity " Lyme " Massage " Menopause " Migraine " Nutrition " Obesity " Prostate " Sleeplessness " Strokes " Thyroid SUPPLEMENTAL TOPICS " Acid reflux " A.I.D.S. " Alopecia "Alzheimer s " Anemia " Aneurism " Angina " Anorexia " Anthrax " Appendicitis " Arrythmia " Asthma " Atherosclerosis " Arthritic-menu " Attention deficit disorder " Bell s palsy " Bronchitis " Bruise " Bulimia " Calorie-index " Cataracts " Celiac disease " Chikenpox " Cholesterol " Cholicystitis " Chronic fatigue syndrome " Chron s disease " Colds " Colitis " Colon " Collagen disease " Computer-use-technique " Deep vein thrombosis " Dementia " Dermatomyositis " Dengue fever " Depression " Diphtheria " Dislocation " Emphysema " Encephalitis " Endometriosis " Excema " Fad-diets " Fever " Flu " Glaucoma " Gulf-war syndrome " Health gadgets " Heart failure " Hemorrhoids " Hepatitis " Herpes " Hives " Hot flashes " Hypotension " Hysterectomy " Irritable bladder " Irritable bowel " Jaundice " Kidney stones " Leg cramps " Legionaire s disease " Leukemia " Macular degeneration " Malaria " Meningitis " Mouth sores " Multiple sclerosis " Narcolepsy " Neuropathy " Nose bleeds " Pain " Pancreatitis " Parkinson s disease " Pneumonia " Psoriasis " Pulmonary embolism " Purine foods " Raynaud s " Restless leg " Scarlet fev	2007	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333937969	Performance Management : It'S About Performing - Not Just Appraising	Prem Chadha&Stacey Richard		Third Best Book, Indian Society for Training & Development, Indian Oil Corporation (ISTD-IOC) Book Award, 2002-03 This book is probably the first attempt in the Indian context at developing an all-incompassing text on Performance Management. It seeks to systematise the supervisory and managerial roles in organisations holistically.	2002	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333933336	Environmental management,an Indian perspective	S. N. Chary&Vinod Vyasulu		This book provides the sweep issues concerning energy, water and forests in an Indian prespective. It fulfils the need of environment management courses in universities and other educational institutions in India. An excellent reading material for general readers conscious of environmental issues.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780230635319	Environmental Studies	Chary		Environmental Studies is a comprehensive book providing the essence of concepts, issues and happenings pertaining to the environment. An attempt has been made to present the global subject of environment and ecology in the local Indian context with ample examples and reported cases taken from India. The concerns and perceptions of a fast-developing economy like India are indeed different from that of the already developed parts of the world. The book has struck a good balance between the global and the local issues and concerns without compromising on the vitals of the environment. The book has been written according to the UGC recommended syllabus for a mandatory course on Environmental Studies for all undergraduate students in view. However, the book would also prove useful for all environment-conscious readers who would like to know the fundamentals of environmental aspects. faced by us today. The writing style is lucid and candid, replete with a number of cases and examples. It is an action-oriented volume with several queries to reflect and act upon. It is an invaluable text for the degree level college students and a great basic reference book for others. Salient Features" Comprehensive coverage of the basics" Adherence to the UGC recommended syllabus " Easy-to-understand and free-flowing writing style" Text interspersed with examples and case studies" Written with a deeper concern for the reader, the nation, the humanity and the entire global community S.N. Chary former Professor, Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Bangalore has a vast teaching experience of over twenty-five years. A prolific thinker and writer, he has a wide range of interests and has written several books, papers and articles. Professor Chary blends the environmental concerns with the management issues of production, productivity and international business. He has been an independent Director on the Board of an Indian public sector company BEML Limited (formerly known as Bharat Earth Movers Limited) and has earlier been the Director, Kirloskar Institute of Advanced Management Studies. A well-known management and educational consultant, he is actively working on social change through people empowerment.	2008	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333900376	A Social, Cultural And Economic History Of India	P N Chopra&B N Puri&M N Das		These three volumes examine, from the perspective of everyday lives, political and administrative institutions, economic and social structure, and the educational and cultural aspects of Indian civilization from the earliest times to the present.	1974	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333900390	A social, cultural and economic history of India,Modern India	Pran Nath Chopra&Baij Nath Puri&Manmath Nath Das		This Volume Deals With The Major Constitutional And Administrative Developments During The British Rule, The Economic Life Of India, Its Major Industries, Effects Of Partition On The Economy, Educational Programmes Initiated By The British, Drawback Of The Present Educational System, The Achievements Of The Various Schools Of Art, Architecture, Music And Dance In The Modern Age. Cover Damaged, Four Pages Folded Inside, A Good Reading Copy.	1974	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9781403927606	Textbook Of Marketing Of Services The Indian Experience	Nimit Chowdhary&Monika Chowdhary		Follows the UGC curriculum for courses both in commerce and management. The book provides in-depth coverage of themes unique to the understanding of services marketing, such as marketing mix elements, the gap between expected and perceived service, the customer s role in service delivery, and pricing methods for service.	2005	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230329393	Happy Hours Relationships On A High	Sweta Chowdhury		Happy Hours, Relationships on a High is a relationship guide which offers easy techniques, which are simple to use yet can make a sea of difference in our relationships. When we talk of relationships, we include relationships with our spouse, in-laws, kids, colleagues at work, subordinates and seniors and definitely relationships with our own selves. All of us strive to live a happy life and bring satisfaction to people and ourselves, but something stops us, leaving us wondering as to what goes wrong that doesn t allow us to be happy as we want. What breeds that sense of gap between our being and where we want to reach. Offering you some self help relationship techniques on a platter doesn t guarantee solutions to all the problems in our lives but it certainly assures a flavour of the realization how small changes in our approach towards life can facilitate huge transformations. The book has received encouraging previews from eminent personalities like: Mr. Ruskin Bond, renowned	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230633865	Getting On With Others How To Teach Your Child Essential Social Skills	Cooper		School teachers know one thing to be true: that cooperative children do better at school and in life. Such children learn how to make friends, manage their emotions and solve problems with others. In Getting on with Others, clinical psychologist John Copper identifies three skills as being essential building blocks for children: developing cooperative behaviour, acquiring basic social skills and solving social problems. He shows how parents can teach these skills and help children learn about feelings. In addition, he presents methods to assist children to develop assertiveness, reduce anxiety and handle situations involving conflict. The techniques described are clinically proven and research shows they are effective in changing children s behaviour. According to the author: Interactions with other people are possibly the most difficult area of life for many children. Research shows that the most effective time to help children learn to regulate their emotions is between the ages	2007	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403924063	India In The Global Software Industry Innovation, Firm Strategies And Development	Anthony D Costa&E Sridharan		India in the Global Software Industry investigates India s IT industry, which is proving to be an engine of our growth. This volume examines the Indian IT industry, especially the software sector, and brings out the structural and market challenges it faces, the policies to deal with them and the organisational and strategic means to resolve these challenges. The book also considers how external factors, such as transnational links with foreign firms, markets and India-born entrepreneurs overseas, become significant sources of innovation in India.	2004	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403926524	Information And Knowledge Management	D Kamalavijayan		Information and Knowledge Management is not just another book on a new and fashionable area. It discusses the subject from a simple and coherent base and develops it into an encyclopaedic compendium of Information and Knowledge Management. The book is broad enough to be considered an overview, and deep enough to be an insight. The complexity of the subject is made comprehensible with simple and straightforward language, complemented by well-illustrated theses. The case studies cited are aimed at driving home the psychological overtones of knowledge management in the corporate world. The technology support required for information and knowledge management is explained in non-technical language without compromising on facts.	2005-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333936696	Man And Environment	M C Dash&P C Mishra		This book provides thorough and in-depth details about the principles of environmental science, the causes and effects of pollution and measures to tackle it. It has been written to meet the requirements of undergraduate students in Indian universities.	2000	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403929433	Textbook Of Biophysical Chemistry	U N Dash		Textbook of Biophysical Chemistry is written primarily for MSc students of all Indian universities, and is structured according to the syllabi recommended by the Univer-sity Grants Commission. In this book, perhaps for the first time, both the subjects of biochemistry and macro- molecules have been dealt with comprehensively. It focuses on determination and analysis of macromolecular structures and the applica- tions of quantitative methods to analyse biological systems. The book basically deals with interactions that are physico-chemical in nature and analyses how these forces are utilised in analytical techni- ques. The first four chapters cover the topics under biochemistry while the remaining five chapters describe the physical and chemical properties of macromolecules and their analyses. The unique feature of the book is the inclusion of basic topics on biological cell organelles and macro molecules in living systems, which facilitates in-depth understanding of basic structure of the living system and complex interactions therein. The book provides a lucid narration of complex hydrodynamic, spectroscopic and diffraction techniques. The entire subject matter has been presented in a systematic and student-friendly manner; each chapter is supplemented with summary, exercises and solved problems. Though the book is primarily targeted at MSc (chemistry) students, it would also benefit students pursuing masters degree in biomedical and other allied sciences.	2005	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333918333	Solid State Physics	A J Dekker		This book emphasizes the physical principles underlying the theoretical interpretation of the basic crystalline, electric and magnetic properties of solids. Its self-contained chapters are widely used as a reference and provide invaluable grounding for physicists and metallurgists.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333904596	A Textbook On Child Development			This book covers all aspects of development from conception to old age, and is essential for students, parents and child welfare workers. Its special feature is that it deals with the topic from an Indian perspective.	1984	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403927583	Textbook Of Managerial Statistics	B R Dey		This book strictly follows the UGC curriculum for courses in Management.The topics have been carefully selected to make it more relevant in the context that all the management related statistical books are either too detailed or too theoretical. A management student is often lost in the maze of detailed derivations of formulae, which are not needed in a management course. They face problems in applying these concepts in projects that constitute a part of their academic curriculum. The book has endeavored to describe and illustrate the concepts in a language that is clear and simple. Several business-oriented examples are worked out to help the students understand the concepts and see their applications in industry. Most of the problems at the end of each chapter relate to the business world. The students understanding of the concepts is likely to be reinforced. The chapters are structured and molded to management decision making such as the problems of correlation and regression analysis is explained taking into account real life business problems. The book presents cases of decision making with the help of Analysis, Variance, and different kinds of tests.He has authored a book titled Quality Circles: Concepts and Practices and published about fifty research papers and articles in Journals and Newspapers. He has also adjudicated several doctoral theses in the area of Statistical Quality Control.	2005-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333904060	Compiler Construction 2/Ed.	D M Dhamdhere		The book is designed to fulfil a well-identified need for a text which integrates the presentation of compiler implementation techniques and practices with the exposition of fundamental principles of compiler design. This book is primarily intended as a text for compiler construction and also aims at readers with programming and system programming background.	2000	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333902752	When the Lion Feeds	Wilbur Smith&Tim Pigott-Smith		Sean and Garrick Courtney are born in the wilds of Natal in the 1870s, but these twin brothers could not be more different in character. Fate, war and, the jealous schemes of a woman are to drive them even further apart. As history unfolds and a continent awakes, adventure and destiny await them.	2001-05-04	Macmillan UK						ZZZ000000
9781403922120	Winning Legal Wars : The Business Manager'S Guide To Law, Litigation And Legal Strategy	Ranjeev C Dubey		There is a general perception that dealing with legal issues requires a technical understanding of the law. However, the fact is that key decisions on law, litigation and legal strategy do not require a deep understanding of the complex subtleties of the law. This is a handbook of simple rules with the widest application, which have a legal face. By employing these, business executives would be capable of taking decisions on corporate strategies.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230638624	The Flight Of Ambition	Dubey		The fact that you are reading this may be accidental but it can be a defining moment of your life. This may just be the spark you need. Grab this moment and discover the endless possibilities that this book offers. Nothing big can ever be achieved by thinking small. This moment will never come back, seize it. Go for it. It is the choices you make that shape up your destiny. Let this book be the first step in your path towards self actualisation, and realising your true place in life. This is an opportunity for you to transcend mediocrity. This book will kindle the fire within you. It will be your companion inspiring you to reach greater heights. Do not let this opportunity slip. Every human being is unique. Yet, there are some universal principles which never change. They govern all lives. This book combines the best from the world of mystique and science. It unravels the mysteries, which make some human beings immortal while others struggle to survive. This book will urge y	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333923979	Research Methods In Behavioural Sciences	R S Dwivedi		This is a textbook for core courses on behavioural science research methods offered by various universities and institutes.	1997	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333933305	Human Relations And Organisational Behaviour (5 Edition)	R S Dwivedi		This book offers an understanding of the global perspective on human behaviour at work by comparative analysis of prevailing situations in Asia, Europe and in the US.	2000	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230328426	What Corporates Expect From You Experts' Guide To Student Managers	Ficci		India being the largest democracy with stable, mature, vibrant and exemplary democratic governance and institutions, boasts of quality B-Schools, which attract student community in large numbers every year. There are almost 10 million graduates in the country passing out annually. This number is set to rise in the future. However, our graduates are not 'industry ready' in terms of specialist skills. On the other hand, the industry is screaming for educated 'masses'. Even if we take all the students from all the B-schools put together in the country, there will be a shortage of skilled manpower and domain expertise at all levels. This book is blended with the perfect ingredients: the booming Indian Management Education, which offers tremendous business opportunities in the area of HR, Training and Development. It also aims at bridging the gap between corporate expectations from the young talent and meeting the needs of the latter, by providing growth prospects.	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403928504	An Ethical Guide To Hacking Mobile Phones	Ankit Fadia		The book that addresses security threats and loophoies realted to mobile phones. It deals with SIM card cloning, viruses and worms and offers security tips and tricks for users of Nokia, Motorola, Samsung, Sony Ericsson and Siemens. The book makes use of data from actual research experiments, code analysis, case studies and consumer study.	2005	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333921838	Contemporary English Grammar Structures & Composition (Abridged Edn.)	David Green		This book has been written to meet the widespread demand for a modern approach to English Grammar and composition. It represents a synthesis of the traditional and structural methods of teaching English Grammar. The book will serve as a textbook for Higher Secondary and College students.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230638884	An Introduction To Political Theory (5 Edition)	Gauba		This new edition of An Introduction to Political Theory examines a fairly wide range of issues on political theory as identified at the beginning of the new millennium. It elaborates the nature and significance of political theory, concept of ideology, with a concise but searching description of various ideologies, including Gandhism and Feminism; nature and different views of politics and approaches to the study of politics traditional as well as contemporary, including normative and empirical, behavioural and post-behavioural approaches, with a focus on interdisciplinary perspective. It also examines the concepts of the state and civil society, particularly in the context of the contemporary trends in advanced industrial countries and the third world, theories of sovereignty, contemporary challenges to sovereignty with special reference to the process of globalization, and diverse perspectives on the state, including feminist and pluralist perspectives. It proceeds to elucidate the grounds and limits of political obligation, concept of power its structure and role, theories of citizenship, human rights, concepts of liberty and equality, theories concerning the right to property, concepts of justice and the common good with reference to various schools of thought, concept and theories of democracy including elitist and pluralist theories, notions of participatory democracy, people's democracy and deliberative democracy. Finally, it discusses the liberal as well as Marxist theories of social change, concepts of development and underdevelopment, alternative paths of development, sustainable development, environmentalism and the concept of political development. The author has adopted an analytical and critical approach that inspires readers to think for themselves rather than look for ready-made solutions.Writing in a concise and lucid style, the author has sought to make this book reader-friendly by introducing explanatory diagrams, flow charts, comparative charts and on-the-spot definitions of the new terms in boxes. It is particularly designed to cater to the needs of various Indian universities, including Delhi university, and various competitive examinations including Civil Services Examination.	2009	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403930118	Fiber Optics And Lasers : The Two Revolutions	Ajoy Ghatak&K Thyagarajan		The invention of the laser in 1960 provided mankind with a unique source of light, which is highly directional, spectrally pure and extremely bright. The development of such a unique source of light ushered in a large number of applications in many diverse areas such as communications, medicine, defence, etc. Besides, lasers have found numerous commercial uses and the number of such applications is still rising. Today, light wave communication using hair-thin optical fibers of glass has truly revolutionised communication and has been primarily responsible for the Internet explosion. Salient Features " An introductory, easy-to-understand and purely non-mathematical text "Covers state-of-the-art developments in the field of fiber optics - fiber amplifiers, dispersion compensation and non-linear effects "Discusses basics of lasers with emphasis on special properties and applications "Adopts an application-oriented approach applications explained with interesting illustrations "Provides examples and comparisons from day-to-day experience, wherever feasible, to make readers understand by correlation of known facts The book is designed to serve as a popular reference on fiber optics and lasers. It will not only interest general readers and students, but will also serve as a useful reference to working professionals in the field of lasers and fiber-optic communication system.	2006	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230639164	Basic Quantum Mechanics (Pb With Cd)	Ajoy Ghatak		This undergraduate textbook attempts to present the basic concepts in quantum mechanics with emphasis on application in areas like atomic and molecular spectroscopy, quantum well structures, nuclear physics, astrophysics, solid state physics, etc. It begins with a brief historical introduction to quantum mechanics. This is followed by discussions on wave-particle duality and the uncertainty principles, the Schrodinger equation and its solutions. Chapters have also been devoted to the angular momentum problem, the hydrogen atom problem, the spin half problem and the Sten-Gerlach experiment, the fine structure in one electron atoms and in alkali atoms, the Zeeman effect, the Paschen Back effect and the double well problem. This is followed by a discussion of the matrix method, which has been used to solve the multiple quantum well problem and the multiple barrier problem. The book concludes with solutions to typical continuously varying potentials. This edition is accompanied by a CD	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403926456	Capital market,the Indian financial scene	N. Gopalsamy		This book describes the various developments of capital market, both at the national and international levels. The book is divided into four parts. Part I deals with learning and working in a global environment; part II discusses banking and project finance, which is probably one of the few sectors where changes have been occasional; part III is about Security and Exchange Board of India (SEBI); part IV gives an overview of merchant banking, public issue management, portfolio management and corporate restructuring.	2005-01-01	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780333935019	Environmental Heroes Success Stories Of People At Work For The Earth	Kevin Graham&Gary Chandler		This book showcases the grassroots efforts of ordinary citizens from individuals and families to citizen groups and businesses who have worked to minimise the impact of modern life on the environment.	2000	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333911549	Contemporary English Grammar Structures & Composition	David Green		This book has been written to meet the widespread demand for a modern approach to English Grammar and composition. It represents a synthesis of the traditional and structural methods of teaching English Grammar. The book will serve as a textbook for Higher Secondary and College students.	2000	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230639188	How To Negotiate Like A Pro 41 Rules For Resolving Disputes	Greenwood Mary		For over twenty-five years, author Mary Greenwood has worked in careers that required expert negotiation. After becoming a professional union negotiator, she began to notice a specific set of rules people use to settle disputes. Greenwood compiles many of these rules in How to Negotiate Like a Pro: 41 Rules for Resolving Disputes, an easy-to-understand guide to negotiating any type of situation. Among these rules you will find the following: " Focus on the goal and resist being distracted by emotions " Request ground rules " Avoid negotiating against yourself " Do your research " Know when to walk away Greenwood lists each rule and subsequently offers a concise explanation on how and when to use it in your negotiations. She explains the emotional frame of mind you need for negotiations and reveals the preparations, strategies, and tactics required to close the deal. Telephone and on-line negotiations are also discussed. Whether you re involved in a professional dispute wit	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333934777	English For All (Rev. Ed.) 2/Ed.	Nilanjana Gupta		A comprehensive textbook that weaves together literature and language sections to present an integrated approach in developing written communication skills. The book begins with basic concepts and progresses to more complex ways of handling and using language.	2000	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403923127	The 1St 4 Seconds	Gautam 'Gary' Gupta		This book is the perfect guide to effective communication. Discussing the nuances of presentation, the author provides an easy guide on how to leave a lasting impression in the first four seconds. It elucidates in a fascinating manner how one can turn all the different encounters in life into opportunities and rewarding experiences by adopting a professional approach.	2004	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403928672	Textbook Of International Hrm	S C Gupta		This book covers all the HR processes of expatriate selection, training, compensation, performance appraisal and management as practised by leading multinational firms, both in descriptive and prescriptive style. The book deals with the basic issues relating to managing the human resource function in international business organisations. In addition, the cross-cultural theories and their impact on conducting global businesses and negotiations in major cultural group countries have been presented. Chapters on organisational ethics as influenced by corporate culture, HR processes in international projects with analysis of organisational culture and structure are also brought into the ambit of international HRM perhaps for the first time. The explanation of core concepts and HR processes are covered in enough depth to make them understandable and thus provide an insight into corporate practices. All relevant state-of-the-art research, and surveys have been given due coverage. The student	2006	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403928108	Wink And Grow Rich A Step By Step Guide To Making A Lot Of Money	Roger Hamilton		This book holds the keys to your wealth. Don t put it down. The keys will remain in this book until you open it and take them out. You can open it now, but to take out the keys, first you need to find them. The keys are in a story behind the story : A lesson behind the lesson. That means to find the keys, you need to become better at seeing. What you see will always be what you get. Each time you read the book, you will see a little better until, one by one, you take the keys out and use them to unlick the doors to your wealth.	2005	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333901922	By the sword,gladiators, musketeers, Samurai warriors, swashbucklers and olympians	Richard Cohen		While essentially representing a study of educational growth, this book is designed to help teachers acquire knowledge of principles, programmes, methods, techniques and tools enabling them to play an effective role in moulding their young students.	2002-11-08	Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780230636873	Computer Architecture	Hebbar		Computer Architecture is specially written for beginners who are getting introduced to the area of Computer Architecture. The book begins with an introduction to numbers, as used in computers for scientific computation, as well as to information handling, which is followed by a study of structured programming to appreciate the nature of the CPU. The book then proceeds systematically to study the basic Central Processing Unit (CPU). The possibility of continuously increasing the logic system capabilities in a single chip and the circuits that got incorporated in the CPU chip to utilize this capability are being discussed next with brief presentations of pipelining, memory management, virtual memory, chip multiprocessors, etc. Memory systems, cache coherence in single and multiprocessor systems, memory consistency considerations are presented considering the simple, bus based shared memory multiprocessor systems. The bus systems for memory and I/O handling are considered in detail. The book concludes with a round up of the basic principles that have evolved and a general projection into the future developments. The Microprocessors Intel 8086 and Motorola 68000 are briefly presented in the Appendix at the end. A basic knowledge of these microprocessors would make it easier to follow the book.The book mainly covers the basics of the subject, however, advanced topics are introduced for those interested in furthering the knowledge in any advanced topic in the area, sufficient insight is provided in this book to start such a study.	2008-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333938560	Introduction To Statistics	R P Hooda		This text meets the elementary course needs of those new to learning statistics at the school or college level. Application-oriented methods including regression, correlation have been presented in simple terms.	2002-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230634893	The One Page Business Plan The Fastest, Easiest Way To Write A Business Plan (Free Cd)	Horan		Business planning has finally been simplified to One Page! Bankers require them. Business educators advocate them. Consultants make their living writing them. And venture capitalists won t give you the time of day without one. But most entrepreneurs or small business owners can t or won t write a business plan; It s just too difficult. Until now! This book will teach you how to prepare a complete business plan for startups, small to mid-size companies, corporate divisions, subsidiaries, departments, or nonprofits. It will enable you to present your ideas concisely to employees, management, partners, bankers or a board of directors. The book teaches how to draft a business plan for the Small Business Administration or for venture capital funding. After reading this book you will learn how to: Capture in writing what s in your head. Summarize ideas for new products or services. Create a blueprint for your idea or company. Font Color= #FF0000 Free CD Inside!!! - The One Pa	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230636286	The Little Book Of Big Words & How To Use Them	Andy Hughes		This book was written for all those people who:would like to sound more intelligent and feel that a smattering of big words will help fool everyone into thinking they are!ORwish they knew some bigger words to impress their boss when asking for a rise!ORwould like a more extensive vocabulary to, maybe, land that better job, or impress those critical in-laws!Or just love words! It is easy to look up a word in the dictionary, but knowing how to use it is a different matter altogether. The Little Book of Big Words solves that problem by explaining and illustrating the use of each word in a simple, straightforward and sometimes humorous way.	2008-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230636125	Accounting And Finance For Bankers (For Jaiib Examinations) 2/Ed.	IIBF		This book is a practical handbook that takes the reader through accounting and financial techniques in an easy-to-follow, progressive way. In this new, easy-to-read format, recent and developed concepts are introduced in a non-specialist context, intended to serve the needs of non-financial students as well as managers who need to know about finance and accounting in any business organisation. Throughout the book, examples are used to test the reader s understanding of the annual accounts profit and loss accounts, balance sheets, accounting ratios, cash flow, and the latest financial reporting standards. The book also introduces the reader to the basic concepts of quantitative techniques which are being used increasingly in day-to-day banking operations.	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403926678	Financial Management : (For Caiib Examinations)	Iibf		This book provides an overview of financial management and details of accounting, cash flows, ratio analysis, study of the financial environment, analysis and interpretation of financial statements, as well as capital budgeting, strategic asset allocation, capital structure, managing the short-term and long-term financing and working capital management. This book also explains assessment of working capital and appraisal of term loans from a practitioner s point of view. Though tailored for banking professionals and those taking CAIIB examination, this book will be useful to the students of financial management.	2005	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230632561	International Banking Legal & Regulatory Aspects	Iibf		This book is a part of the courseware for Diploma in International Banking and Finance offered by Indian Institute of Banking & Finance. Liberalisation of overseas investment norms for Indian corporates has brought with it business opportunities for Indian banks. But this has also brought with itself the need for banks to comply with international laws and regulations. This book gives an overview of various regulations existing in international banking. In addition the book also provides information about the various Indian laws that need to be followed by banks engaging in international banking transactions. Among other topics, the book covers the following: " Regulation of International Banking " Regulation and the Process of Deregulation " Basel Concordat " Capital Adequacy Norms and Ratios " Foreign Exchange Management Act (India) This book will be useful to all readers interested in the legal and regulatory aspects of international banking.	2007	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230632585	International Banking Operations	Iibf		This book, International Banking Operations is a part of the courseware on Diploma in International Banking and Finance being offered by Indian Institute of Banking & Finance.Globalisation has meant rapid growth in cross-border business and trade and it has also meant that banks have to be aware of the contours as well as details of international banking operations.This book seeks to impart knowledge on the various operational aspects of international banking to bankers and those interested in understanding international banking operations.The book covers several aspects of international banking including recent trends in international banking,international financial architecture,international financial centres, asset-liability management in the context of international banking, Basel II guidelines.The book is divided into three modules, some of the chapters covered in the modules are: " Euro Currency Markets " Investment and Merchant Banking " Correspondent Banking " Operations of Foreign Branches of Indian Banks " International Inter-bank Business " Offshore Banking " International Financial Institutions This book though aimed at bankers would be of interest to anybody who is keen to learn about international banking operations as prevalent today.	2007-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230636101	Legal And Regulatory Aspects Of Banking (2 Edition) : (For Jaiib Examinations)	IIBF		This book offers a comprehensive coverage of laws and practices relating to banking. It begins with a module on the legal framework of regulations and the subsequent module covers a wide spectrum of laws that impacts on banking operations.Though tailored for banking professionals and those taking JAIIB/Diploma in Banking & Finance examination, the book will also be found useful by those readers eager to learn more about banking laws and legal aspects of banking practices in India.	2008	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230636408	Micro-Finance Perspectives And Operations	IIBF		This book has been written for the Diploma in Micro-finance course of the Indian Institute of Banking and Finance. As the course is aimed at practising micro-finance professionals as well as those aspiring for a career in micro-finance, the book is comprehensive in both theoretical and practical aspects of micro-finance. The book consists of two parts, viz., Perspectives in Micro-finance and Operational Aspects of Micro-finance. The first part covers basics of micro-finance definition, scope, etc. It also describes the evolution of micro-finance in India and abroad and assimilates all learning from international experiences. Important aspects of micro-finance impact assessment and social assessment are also discussed in this part. Part two of the book covers the day-to-day operational aspects of micro-finance. It provides details regarding the various financial services and products that are offered to micro-finance clients. It also describes the various credit delivery chan	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230636118	Principles And Practices Of Banking (2 Edition) : (For Jaiib Examinations)	IIBF		This book is intended to be an introduction to the Indian banking and touches on almost every aspect, from the Indian financial system to contemporary issues and developments in the industry. It also covers emerging technology and expanded banking powers and markets. The topics included in this book are: the evolution of banking; the deposit function; the lending function; fund management and bank investments; specialised products and services; electronic financial services; and a summary of RBI regulations.	2008	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403929549	A To Z Of Digestive Tract Disorders : A Practical Guide To Become A Well Informed Patient	Ashok Birbal Jain&Aruna Birbal Jain		If you are also one of the persons who have had a digestive tract problem, do not despair. Almost all of us suffer from some or the other problem related to the gastrointestinal tract (G I tract) during our lifetime. Moreover, every person has some piece of advice to offer. Seldom is this advice helpful, instead such advice can often be harmful or even damaging. A to Z of Digestive Tract Disorders covers all the practical aspects of GI tract problems and explores their causes, management and prevention. Whether you have a problem now or have suffered it in the past or want to prevent the development of any such problems in future, this is a book to help you understand and solve your problems. Besides covering the digestive tract disorders, the book also discusses topics related directly or indirectly to the condition including healthy nutrition, liver care, nutrition myths and various investigative procedures. This reader-friendly book offers easy-to-follow tips with the help of which you can get rid of your problems and thus avoid expensive investigations, drugs as well as chances of surgical intervention. Majority of people who have followed the tips mentioned in the book, have found relief and experienced reduced recurrences of the problems.	2005	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333909553	English Grammar & Composition	R C Jain		This book is for second language learners of English in the Hindi-speaking regions. It provides an intensive drill of exercises for further practice.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333930694	International Financial Management	P K Jain&Josette Peyrard&Surendra Singh Yadav		Provides a clear and detailed analysis of the concepts, theories and techniques used in international finance management.	1999	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403927453	Textbook Of Enterprise Resource Planning	Mahadeo Jaiswal&Ganesh Vanapalli		This is a well-compiled text, which would be helpful to understand and express the concept and nuances of the modern ERP system, a fully integrated business system covering logistics (materials, production, sales & distribution, plant maintenance, quality management, project management, production planning, etc.), accounting and Human Resources.	2005	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403932051	Ten Commitments Of Networking : Creative Ways To Maximize Your Personal Connections!	Lary James		Networking is one of the important aspects of a successful life The book provides commonsense guidelines and offers the ultimate definition of business networking. It teaches how to achieve maximum benefits from assisting others as one cultivates a network of people strategically positioned to support one in his/ her goals. It helps in discovering the ten commitments necessary to develop more profitable relationships from friends and business associates through networking. It is a book committed to personal development and career management. It explores skills, abilities, values, concepts, new thoughts, ways of being and behaviours that are necessary to maximize ones personal and professional potential.	2006-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333909294	Introductory Sociology	N Jayaram		In this adaptation, the contents of the original text have been modified so as to meet the varying needs and expectations of students offering sociology at different levels of study. The book has been restructured such that substantive areas of the original text are retained.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333937952	Medical Transcription Made Easy	Alok Jha&Priyanka Arora		An ideal book for Indian Medical Transcriptionists (MTs). The book gives information about MT, guidelines and essentials of English language and basic knowledge of human anatomy, pathology, diagnostic and clinical procedures and related vocabulary.	2002	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403926067	Conquer Fear! Stop Defeating Yourself - End Self Sabotage	Lisa Jimenez		Conquer Fear is a handbook on creating success and will give a practical action plan to confront our fear, accept it, and be free to get on with creating and achieving what we want! This book will help every individual to identify and overcome self-limiting beliefs, stop procrastination and self-sabotage, break through negative programming, raise self esteem and confidence level and create momentum to stay motivated.	2005	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403922496	Handbook On Management Of Non-Profit Organizations	Easo John		This book emphasises that certain management practices adopted by profit-making commercial and business organisations could be implemented by NPOs in order to optimise the utilisation of their resources. Also, it is necessary to devise a new criterion to estimate the value of their assets as the performance of NPOs is not judged by the yardstick of profit.	2004	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230638044	What They Don't Teach You About Marketing	Ketan Joshi		New recruits who join the Marketing Department face a strange problem. They learn a lot of concepts - branding, segmentation, positioning, decision trees, competitive advantage, etc. - but find that they know very little about their own actual role, and what they are expected to do in an organization. This book fills the gap between what you learn in college and what you actually do in office. It explains the major concepts of marketing management in a friendly, easy-to-understand manner; and gives practical tips to make the transition from a 'college student' to a 'marketing professional' much easier. "This is a relevant guide for someone beginning a marketing career. The free-flowing style and lucid explanations make it an insightful read for the young professionals." Harsh Mariwala, CMD, Marico Ltd "Management students are traditionally introduced to the topics of Sales and Marketing in a disjointed & incoherent manner, usually taught by different faculty members. Ketan has marvelously attempted to create a unified framework for the different components of Marketing and Sales in a smooth yet down-to-earth story format. This book would be extremely useful for fresh recruits in Marketing or Sales. It will also be valuable for in-company Management Development Programmes for non-Marketing and Sales personnel." Boman Moradian, Management Consultant & Visiting Faculty at JBIMS	2009	Pan Macmillan Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333926932	Handbook of construction management	P. K. Joy		This is the revised and enlarged second edition of the world s first comprehensive guidebook of construction management written by a single author, covering all aspects of general management practices with their nuances to engineering project s construction.	1991	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9781403923639	Case Study Solutions Human Resource Development	Gr. Capt. H Kaushal		The book provides conceptual inputs and offers several case studies covering the entire gamut of the study of Human Resource Development (HRD) catering to the requirement of managers and students of business schools. A serious attempt has been made to cover all aspects of HRD through these case studies. Besides students of business schools, practicing managers would also find this work useful. This book is a part of a series on the case study method.	2004-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333921760	Creative English For Communication	N Krishnaswamy&T Sriraman		This is a course-book designed for intermediate and undergraduate learners of English. It provides an interesting new approach through a wide range of activities that are meaningful, natural, authentic and useful in day to day life.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333933077	The crown	Kalki R. Krishnamurchy		The fourth part in the series Ponniyin Selvan , recounts the incidents when crown prince Aditha Karikalan leaves Kanchi inspite of Malayaman s efforts to prevent him from doing so. For Aditha Karikalan now, there is no turning back...	2001	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403929174	All The Right Answers	Hanif Kanjer		If that elusive dream job is what you aspire for, then this book promises to show you the path. People, often, fail to make an impression at interviews not because they lack the skills, but because they are unable to articulate their experiences, qualifications and expertise effectively in a face-to-face meeting. Most interviewees are nervous because they are not well prepared. And this is because they were never taught how to sell themselves. All the Right Answers provides insights into what preparation is required to achieve success. It is an excellent resource for both the experienced and the inexperienced , because everyone wants to be successful. It should be on the desk of anyone who wishes to get his dream job. " All the Right Answers is filled with insights and useful examples. This is perhaps the first book of its kind that offers a coherent overall framework for the job seeker to win. " Easy-to-read and well informed. " Invaluable advice . . . the detailed guidance	2005	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403931597	Eighteen hundred runs : brand sale khel mein	Jagdeep Kapoor		Do you sometimes feel that you have not been able to achieve fully what you are capable of? Do you sometimes feel that if only your approach was not negative or tentative, you could have done better in your life and your career? Whether in cricket, life, or Brand Sales you need to excel. 1800 Runs Brand Sale Khel Mein is an attempt to acquaint sales people with hurdles that might come their way and the constructive steps that need to be taken to overcome these very obstacles. The 11 strategies serve as a practical guide to achieve success in Brand Sales. Right from identifying dreams, anticipating bouncers and applying masterstrokes, the author with his wide practical experience and conceptual clarity makes Brand Sales target a much less daunting prospect. In an interesting manner, the author takes you through the failures and depressions of the CAN T Team and the successes and enthusiasm of the ANT team, wherein each of the 11 members of the ANT team; whether GALLANT or OBSERVANT, RELEVANT or TRIUMPHANT, teach you 11 ways to SCOREMORE in life, cricket and Brand Sales. The unique and powerful concept of 1800 Runs Brand Sale Khel Mein would help you to think and execute your full potential both internally and externally. So, go ahead and SCOREMORE in life.	2006-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403928610	Brand seg'meant'ation,7 strategies for effective segmentation	Jagdeep Kapoor		This work analyses the concept of brand segmentation with detailed case studies and presentations.Would it not be foolish to try and sell a comb to a bald man or a refrigerator to an Eskimo? Wrong Segmentation does not yield the right results. Brand Seg meant ation is a book that offers a fresh approach to the subject and brings out the significance of whether a segment is meant for your brand or your brand is meant for a segment. The author, drawing from his ide practical experience, brings out a refreshing brand strategy if the segment and brands are meant for each other, the probability of brand success increases.	2006	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780230632943	The Greatest Secret Of Success : Your Passion Quotient	Virender Kapoor		The rich and the famous, the movers and shakers are not necessarily high school toppers. Nor do they hold great college degrees. They are successful because they can generate enthusiasm at will, in themselves as well as in their colleagues. The Greatest Secret of Success talks about the most important strength of human beings, which sets apart successful people from the unsuccessful ones. What is your Passion, how do you identify your likes and dislikes, and make it into a viable profession is what this book can teach you. It is not Intelligence Quotient (IQ) but your Passion Quotient (PQ) that will take you to the pinnacle of success. And this book will show you how to raise your Passion Quotient for achieving this success. This book will enable you to tap the Passion within you, which is the inner most motivator that helps in identifying your strengths, capabilities and align them together for success. It will also help you in experimenting with your hidden talent and creativity in order to choose the right career path. Full of strategies, questions and answers, and tips to follow, it will change your life completely. First of its kind, this book provides a path-breaking insight into how to be successful in all spheres of life. Raise Your Passion Quotient For Success& This book shatters the myth that college degrees and high IQ are the major drivers for success. Virender Kapoor in The Greatest Secret of Success demonstrates that enthusiasm, fire in the belly and Passion are the most sought after ingredients for peak performances. Many ordinary people have become very successful by simply doing what they wanted to do. And this is the greatest secret of their being successful. Although Passion is the most talked about subject yet very little practical insight is available on it. Driving force differs from person to person. Read this book to find out what is yours.	2007	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403930293	A Textbook Of Physical Chemistry (Vol. 4) 3Rd/Ed.	K L Kapoor		This book is fourth of the five volume series, which provides an extensive coverage of the topics discussed, focusing on the applications of the principles involved. Each of the five volumes distinguishes itself by projecting the subject through a number of illustrative solutions of numerical and typical problems. Every chapter is appended with Revision Problems, Try Yourself Problems and Numerical Problems so as to widen the scope for the students. It, thus, helps them extend their knowledge beyond the book and understand the subject in its totality. The volumes are organised as follows: Volume 1: States of Matter and Ions in Solution Volume 2: Thermodynamics and Chemical Equilibrium Volume 3: Applications of Thermodynamics Volume 4: Quantum Chemistry and Molecular Spectroscopy Volume 5: Dynamics of Chemical Reactions, Statistical Thermodynamics and Macromolecules This edition incorporates the latest recommendations in the field of Physical Chemistry. New and updated ad	2006	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403922779	A Textbook Of Physical Chemistry	K L Kapoor		Volume five covers dynamics of Chemical Reactions, Statistical Thermodynamics and Macromolecules in five chapters such as Adsorption, Chemical Kinetics, Photo-chemistry, Statistical Thermodynamics and Macromolecules.	2004	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333931196	A Textbook Of Physical Chemistry (Vol. 2) (3 Edition)	K L Kapoor		This is one of the four volumes that provides a thorough understanding of the principles and basic concepts of physical chemistry. Emphasis is placed on applications of the principles. This volume deals with thermo-dynamics and chemical equilibrium.	2000	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403924940	Fundamentals Of Sales Management	Ramneek Kapoor		This book deals with the subject of sales, salesmanship and sales management and enquires why, how, when and who should be selling products and services to the ultimate consumer. It will serve as a textbook for students of marketing and sales management, as it has been tailor-made for the student s curriculum and the syllabi of Business Management Institutes. Well-structured text explains to the students of sales management, the actual process of calling on a prospect, preparing and presenting the story plan, giving demonstrations and finally selling the desired product or service. Case studies relevant to the Indian context have been included to explain to the reader the application of sales fundamentals in the actual business process.	2005	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9781403924094	Case Study Solutions Marketing 2/Ed.	Gr. Capt. H Kaushal		The book provides a technique for solving case studies and offers several case studies set in Indian environment covering the entire gamut of courses in Marketing Management. This revised edition is a part of a series on case study solutions. Besides students of business schools, practicing managers would also find this work useful.	2004	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230328792	A Practical Guide To Mentoring How To Help Others Achieve Their Goals	David Kay		As a ready reference and guidance note, this publication fits the bill. ... a sound investment. I particularly liked the mentoring scenarios which give a flavour of the types of issues that may arise. Training Journal Mentoring is a rewarding experience. You will play an active and invaluable part in the development of another person and further your own career at the same time. This concise book will take you step-by-step through the process and show you: "How to become an effective mentor "What qualities, methods and processes are required "How to prepare yourself and the mentee "How to avoid the common pitfalls Whichever sector you work in, this extremely practical book will clarify the whole mentoring process from start to finish, and support you every step of the way.	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230638709	Textbook Of Engineering Geology (2 Edition)	Kesavulu		Textbook of Engineering Geology presents study of geology comprehensively from a civil engineering point of view. The author contends that mere technical perfection cannot ensure the safety and success of large-scale civil engineering constructions such as bridges, tunnels and dams. To achieve these objectives the geology of the sites needs to be assessed. This book aims to fulfil this priority need.The book begins with an introduction to basic concepts of different branches of geology, and further deals with their relevance from the civil engineering point of view. Appropriate case studies have been quoted to highlight the practical relevance of the subject. While stratigraphy has been given due emphasis, relevant details on ground water, earthquakes, landslides, geophysical investigations and engineering properties of rocks have been included. The book is amply supplemented with illustrations adding to the richness and lucidity of the text.This book, primarily aimed at undergraduate civil engineering students, deals with the relevance of geology for safe and successful large-scale civil engineering constructions. It may also serve as a sourcebook for practicing civil engineers.	2009	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333933381	Practice And Law Of Banking	B S Khubchandani		An ideal text for general students as well as those taking the CAIIB exams, this book explains in a systematic and thorough manner, various aspects of the business of banking. It also summarises the recommendations of various committees on banking, which will help readers understand the latest developments in this sector.	2000	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403922564	Knockout Challenges With Patience, Persistence And Perseverance	Knockout		Collection of true life stories of some contemporary eminent personalities in India.	2004	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780333926635	Just In Time Manufacturing	COLIN GRANGER		The book deals with various elements of JIT philosophy and analyses case applications drawn from a variety of industries and organisations across the world. It will be useful to postgraduate and research students in management institutions, IITs (offering manufacturing systems option) and practising professionals.	2003-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333905562	Seeking Robinson Crusoe	Timothy Severin		An attempt has been made in this book to bring together grammar and composition. At every stage, the learner is asked to make use of the grammar he has learnt. It represents a synthesis of traditional and modern grammar and the principles of teaching English.	2002-01	Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780333921883	Interpreting convergence in the European Union,patterns of collective action, social learning, and Europeanization	Christos J. Paraskevopoulos		Interpreting Convergence in the European Union introduces the idea of collective action as a prerequisite for achieving convergence and cohesion in the European Union. Institutional networks and social capital play a crucial role in influencing actors' preferences and shaping institutional interactions through the process of political exchange and socialization. Although the main focus of the book is on policy-making processes and governance structures in EU regional policy, its core theoretical hypotheses and conclusion are drawn from empirical research into the response of Greek regions to the challenges of Europeanization. This framework is applicable to almost all areas of EU public policy-making.	2001	Palgrave						ZZZ000000
9780333937129	Contemporary Literary Theory : A Students Companion	N Krishnaswamy&John Varghese&Sunita Mishra		This book is a primer for literary theory, designed to assist students of literature improve their performance in examinations and develop their critical competence by providing a sound grounding in literary criticism and theory in a manner which is accessible without being simplistic. Quotations given at the end of each unit further explain the basic tenets of each approach. Questions at the back of each unit are meant to take the learner back to the respective unit and make them think critically and creatively.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230633544	How To Be A Great Dad	Bruce		This guide will ensure that you have the potential to become a great dad! Fathers aren t born. Men grow into fathers and fathering is a very important stage in the development of a man. You can t go to school to learn how to do it. It is a skill that has to be acquired by experience. But it is very helpful to have advanced information about the key experiences that you ought to expect. You can give them more early consideration and be much better prepared when they land in your lap-as surely they will. Fathering your children well and understanding how to be there for them-through good and bad-is how you graduate to become a great dad. In this book you will find the experiences of a good dad. He starts with conception and runs through to adulthood. The fathering issues are identified and the hows and whys are all helpfully presented. Fatherhood brings with it plenty of ups and downs and you will make mistakes, like all fathers. But this guide will ensure that you have the potential to become a great dad!	2007-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230634152	Commodity Derivatives	Iibf		This book covers the entire syllabus of two papers, viz., Commodity Derivatives and Commodity Trading of Diploma in Commodity Derivative Examination, conducted by Indian Institute of Banking and Finance. All ardent learners of finance as also the professionals engaged in commodity trading will find this book useful. Part I of the book comprises theory of commodity derivatives, futures and options, pricing, and application for hedging/arbitrage. Information on various commodities such as silver, gold, agricultural goods has been added in the book. The regulatory aspects and accounting & taxation issues have also been included. Part II of the book covers practical aspects of derivatives trading elaborating on option strategies, volatility, and trading on commodity exchange.	2007-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403926685	General Bank Management : (For Caiib Examinations)	Iibf		This book on general bank management provides a systematic and comprehensive overview of modern management practices in banks with emphasis on international banking, human resources management, technology management and marketing management. It is an encyclopaedia of management practices from the point of view of practitioners of banking. The book is based on the rich experience of authors, who are well known in both the academic world and banking. Though the book is mainly oriented towards banking sector, it would also prove useful to students of management.	2005	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333938577	The Lights Of Home			This is the latest book on the seer Satya Sai Baba. It contains anecdotes and episodes which show his fascinating powers and how people have benefited from their encounters with him.	2002	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333937136	Secrets Of Face-To-Face Communication	Peter Urs Bender&Dr Robert A Tracz		This book is packed with helpful tips, illustrative anecdotes, and proven systems that improve business and personal relationships alike. This book covers all the communication nuances in its entirety.	2001-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230636743	Macmillan English Dictionary For Advanced Learners (Paperback With Cd)	Macmillan		New! A two-colour dictionary and CD-Rom created by experts in Britain and USA Over 100,000 references with 30,000 idioms and phrases Up-to-date information on new words, spoken English and how words are used Easy to use! Clear, simple explanations using only 2500 of the most common words Real-life spoken and written example sentences show you how and when the word is used Quick menus in long entries get you to the meaning you want - fast! Real Help Special focus on words you need most, highlighted in red 22-page Language Awareness section on key areas such as spoken English, computer words and business English Over 1000 illustrated words, many in two-colours	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403910035	Administrative Theory (2 Edition)	S R Maheshwari		This book offers a comprehensive coverage of all essential topics in administrative theory. First written in 1998, this substantially revised volume includes all developments in administrative theory since that year. The work caters not only to the needs of Public Administrative syllabi at the undergraduate and postgraduate levels, it is also a useful reference for aspirants of the Civil Services.	2000	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403909497	Administrative Thinkers (2 Edition)	S R Maheshwari		This book discusses the works of thinkers who have influenced the discipline of Public Administration. The works of Kautilya, Gandhi, Rajagopalachari, Patel and Nehru, relevant in the Indian scenario, have been dealt with. First published in 1998, this revised edition also includes a new chapter on Mohammad Ali Jinnah. Targeted at undergraduate and postgraduate students of Public Administration, it also serves as a handy reference for Civil Service aspirants.	2003	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333937990	Administrative reforms in India	Shriram Maheshwari		This book studies the outlook of political parties on administrative reforms, probes the role of different institutions in the evolution of these processes in India, and evaluates and analyses different phases of administrative reforms. It also draws examples from the Indian experience.	2002-01	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780333934593	Public Administration In India	S R Maheshwari		This book deals with the theory and practice of public administration in India. It traces the evolution of administrative thought from days of Kautilya through the Mughal and British periods to the system enshrined in the Constitution of free India. The book delineates the physical structures of the Indian administrative systems the bureaucracy, secretariat, land revenue system, tribal administration, panchayati raj and the municipal government.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333937419	Child psychiatry in India,an approach to assessment and management of childhood psychiatric disorders	Savita Malhotra		This book has been written to help and guide child and adult psychiatrists, paediatricians and psychologists to assess psychiatric problems in children and adolescents. The author concentrates on the assessment and management of childhood psychiatric disorders which are the cornerstone of child psychiatry.	2002	Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780333934616	Global Business Management In An International Economic Environment	Manab Adhikari		First Prize, Textbooks: Colleges - English Language Publications, Federation of Indian Publishers (FIP) Awards for Excellence in Publishing, 2000-01 This book traces the relationship between global business management and international economic environment. Supported by detailed analysis, this book qualifies as a textbook as well as a ready reference material.	2000	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230327856	Monastery, Sanctuary, Laboratory	Rohit Manchanda		Just fifty years into its existence, IIT-Bombay can be counted among the best-known institutions of technical education worldwide. Monastery, Sanctuary, Laboratory traces IIT-Bombay s conception and its evolution over its first five decades, as related by one of its own faculty. Capturing the Institute s moments of glory while concurrently examining its shortfalls, the book also embeds it in the larger canvas of India s science and technology enterprise. Written in the style of a narrative history, it has a wealth of arresting, intriguing, and little known facts a product of careful research accompanied by evocative sketches and period photographs. While being an authoritative history, Monastery, Sanctuary, Laboratory is presented with considerable drama and delightful wit by an accomplished author, Rohit Manchanda, who has won a Betty Trask Award for his fiction and is currently a Professor of Biomedical Engineering at IIT-Bombay. The book will appeal equally to the historian of	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230328129	Essence Of Leadership:Explorations From Literature	S Manikutty		This book seeks to explore leadership through study and interpretation of literature. It starts by stressing on the distinction between managerial roles, which are based on knowledge, techniques, skills and emphasis on results, and leadership roles that focuses on imagination, passion, commitment and fulfillment of dreams. Traditional management approaches, based on 'scientific' analysis, do not contribute much towards understanding leadership. This book shows how leadership can be better understood by reading and interpreting masterpieces of world literature and relating them to leadership issues.  The book argues that understanding leadership is really about understanding life, and this starts with gaining an understanding of the self. The book starts with Cervantes' masterpiece Don Quixote, whose main character asserts 'I know who I am' and believes in himself. This is followed by other works to highlight important issues: ambition and purpose in Chinua Achebe's Things Fall Apart, faith versus reason in Bertolt Brecht's The Life of Galileo, awakening the human spirit in Bernard Shaw's Saint Joan, authenticity in Girish Karnad's Tughlaq and the old Sanskrit play Mudrarakshasa by Visakhadatta, leaders and society in Arthur Miller's All My Sons, role of illusions in Ibsen's The Wild Duck, taking a stand in Ibsen's A Doll's House and the epic Mahabharata for development of perspective.  This book is based on the twenty-year experience of the authors, which they gained while teaching a course on leadership at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. The authors felt that a stage has been reached when their experience needed to be shared with a wider range of academicians and corporate leaders.	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333931585	Business Economics	V G Mankar		Second Prize, Textbooks: Schools English Publications, Federation of Indian Publishers (FIP) Awards for Excellence in Publishing, 1998-99. This book covers the entire course on Business Economics and provides a thorough understanding of the basic principles of the subject. The text is structured logically and unravels concepts in an easy-to-understand style.	1999	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403928597	Corporate Governance And Business Ethics : Text And Cases	U C Mathur		Business world is, to an extent, a reflection of the country s social and cultural ethos. The unprincipled behaviour among people has become so commonplace that even the corporate world has been affected. It is, therefore, felt that unless companies look after the interests of their stakeholders and apply the ethical code of conduct in their dealings, they can at best gain only temporary benefits. Companies have begun to realise the importance of good Corporate Governance and Business Ethics. Business Schools and their governing bodies too have realised the importance of Corporate Governance and Business Ethics and have included these as subjects to be studied in the postgraduate programmes of Business Management. This book covers the syllabus of some major business schools, which have already introduced the subject. A number of live-wire case studies embellish the book to make it a proper learning medium.	2005	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333933312	Public Enterprise Management (2 Edition)	B P Mathur		The book examines all major issues related to public enterprises through which their performance could be evaluated. The book also discusses the privatisation issue, its limitations, the Indian experience and the role of the Disinvestment Commission.	2000	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403926777	Textbook Of Strategic Management	U C Mathur		Textbook designed to explain the business strategy formations in multifarious situations, and the problems faced thereof in a very objective way. It offers a popular practitioner-oriented perspective on all the themes covered. The book has advocated for a sustainable co-existence among globalization, the natural environment and commerce. Will be useful for anyone interested in or associated with, the field of Strategic Management, Strategy Formulations, and Business Policy.	2005	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403928115	Understanding Balance Sheets	Satish B Mathur		An ideal text for the students of MBA and Commerce classes as also for those taking the CAIIB exams. The book, dotted with live illustrative examples drawn from the Indian context, will be found especially useful by both the Finance and Non-finance executives in the industries and banks, as a refreshing and self-learning handbook, inasmuch as a rather drab and difficult subject has been made an easy and interesting reading.	2005	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403927392	Governance reform for vision India	Birendra Prasad Mathur		The book portrays the pathway towards the much-discussed Vision 2020 through the routes of economic and administrative reforms. The attractive feature of this volume is the comparative and inter-disciplinary approach.	2005	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780230636248	Presenting With Power Captivate, Motivate, Inspire & Persuade 3Rd/Ed.	Shay Mcconnon		Written by one of the most exciting keynote speaker, this is no ordinary book on presentations. Shay McConnon shares with you the secrets that professional speakers use to make a real impact and a memorable impression on their audience. Whether you are a novice or a seasoned pro this book will give you tips and techniques that will take you to the next level.	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333925478	Emotional impact,passionate leaders and corporate transformation	Philip Channer&Tina Hope		This book highlights a frequently neglected element of leadership--personality. Of the many accounts by, or about, leaders who have guided organizations, few say much about how leaders felt as a person or how their charisma and passion affected their colleagues. Based on candid in-depth interviews with prominent leaders, including Ian MacLaurin of Tesco, Richard Ide of Volkswagen and Tim Waterstone of the Waterstone bookselling chain, the authors explore the emotional impact of being a leader.	2001-07-13	Palgrave Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780230639058	Speaking English Effectively (2 Edition)	Mohan		The book covers the entire spectrum of spoken English from pronunciation to conversation and from recitation to public speaking. It is designed to serve as a practical guide to help speak English effectively and to improve verbal communication skills.Major salient features include:" covers all aspects of pronunciation and public speaking," caters to specific needs and requirements of learners of English as a second language," easy-to-understand style," plenty of learner-tested practice material," numerous specimens, examples and illustrations.The book is suitable for both classroom use and individual self-improvement.	2007-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230632950	Redesign Your Life 12 Easy Steps To A New You	Molloy		Are you living the life you want? Do you want to change for the better? Or do you simply want more energy? New Zealand s leading personal coach, Andrea Molloy, helps you create a positive new life by design. Her 12-week challenge is the ultimate mind/body makeover, covering all you need to know to be your personal best. Redesign Your Life shows you how to: " Live healthy " Get fit " Eat better every day " Revitalize your relationships " Enjoy your work " Make money work for you " Transform your surroundings " Adjust your attitude " Live life to the full Andrea Molloy s other books include Aspirations, Work Happy and Get a Life!	2007	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333929896	A woman's way,the forgotten history of women spiritual directors	Patricia Ranft		Given the significance of spiritual leadership in modern Christianity, surprisingly little attention has been paid to the tradition upon which today's spiritual leadership is built. Patricia Ranft sheds new light on the way society understands a woman's spiritual life and her role in the Christian world, as well as Christian understanding of the role of women in society and as spiritual beings. She examines spiritual leadership from early Christianity to the early Medieval West to the late Middle Ages and finally the modern era. This book delineates the history of spiritual leadership for women and by women within the larger context of the history of Christian spirituality and its understanding of human perfectibility.	2000	Palgrave						ZZZ000000
9780230639027	The Deep Structure Of Biology	Morris		In The Deep Structure of Biology, twelve renowned scientists, philosophers, and theologians examine the phenomenon of convergence in biology, providing examples found in plants, animals, and microbes, and expand on the topic by discussing metaphysical implications that emerge if it is determined that the processes of evolution are more predictable than customarily thought.The Deep Structure of Biology contains a chapter by editor Simon Conway Morris as well as:" Nicola Clayton " Nigel Franks " Karl Niklas " Celia Deane-Drummond " John Haught " Michael Ruse " Nathan Emery " Richard Lenski " Anthony Trewavas " Robert Foley " George McGhee " Hal Whitehead A fascinating set of well-informed and well-reasoned meditations on the evidence for evo-lutionary convergence and its implications for our better understanding of Darwinian evolution and especially of social intelligence. The essayists provide good reason to expect that we may indeed find socially intelligent life elsewhere in the universe as we can already find it here on earth, separately evolved by primates, cetacea, crows, and even ants and plants. Splendid. Stephen R. L. Clark, professor of philosophy and Leverhulme Research Fellow, University of Liverpool, England At least in the United States, the so-called Culture Wars often boil down to the Darwin Wars. But wars always generate more heat than light. Finally, a book that accepts standard evolutionary theory without exploiting it as a cudgel to beat up on human religiosity. By showing that the evolutionary record demonstrates time and again the fact of convergence (the independent evolution, for example, of eyes and wings), these authors are able to detect a deep structure of intelligibility that pervades not just the physical universe, but the biological one as well. Edward T. Oakes, S.J., University of St. Mary of the Lake, Mundelein, Illinois	2009-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403922359	Textbook Of Environmental Remote Sensing	Saumitra Mukherjee		This book explores the environmental aspects of remote sensing. Satellite remote sensing is an evolving technology with a potential for contributing to studies of human dimensions of global environmental change. The human dimensions of global environment, involve biomass fuel consumption, land-use change and agricultural activities. An attempt has been made to provide a detailed understanding of utility of data in the light of the fundamental principles of Electromagnetic Energy. Targeted not only to the undergraduate and postgraduate students of Environmental Sciences, Geology, but also to professionals like civil engineers and scientist involved in satellite data interpretation.	2003	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333904619	PBO Almanac 2001	Basil D'Oliveira&S P Singh		Designed for the senior undergraduates, this book gives entries of most of the important organic reactions, together with a critical examination of the evidence leading to the accepted mechanisms. It attempts to bridge the gap between an elementary treatment and the more masterly treatises on the subject. To test one s comprehension 400 problems with solutions have been provided.	2000-09-08	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230634046	21St Century Business Practices The Evolving Trends In India	Srabani Mukhopadhyaya&Debangshu Chakraborty		These are the Proceedings of the All India Seminar on 21st Century Business Practices: The Evolving Trends in India held at Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra at their Kolkata campus during October 6 - 7, 2007.	2007	Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780333903483	Love,poems	Fiona Waters		This textbook has been prepared for students of modern business administration of Indian universities. The book covers both basic theory and practical aspects of business statistics. Exercises at the end of chapters contain problems based on Indian data.	2002-01-25	Macmillan Publishers Limited						ZZZ000000
9780333930328	Indian Prose For Effective Communication	M Nagarajan&T Sashisekaran&S Ramamurthy		This is a new venture, a prose anthology with a difference. It is an undergraduate course book focused on communicative skills. Authentic Indian texts written by eminent writers provide the background for the socially relevant, vocationally purposeful, intellectually satisfying and communicatively effective exercises.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333931967	Quality Samurai	T R Natarajan&Edwina Pio		The book is about the step-by-step processes that can be understood, learnt and applied by most organisations to start the war for Total Quality.	1999	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333930670	Financial globalization and democracy in emerging markets	Leslie Elliott Armijo		When Mexico's peso crisis occurred in December 1994, all of Latin America experienced the "tequila effect." In January 1998, after seven months of financial turmoil in East Asia, Alan Greenspan, the normally reticent Chairman of the US Federal Reserve Bank, noted that such "vicious cycles...may, in fact, be a defining characteristic of the new high-tech international financial system." Financial Globalization and Democracy in Emerging Markets examines the impact of the new, highly liquid, portfolio capital flows on governments, opposition politicians, business, and labor in such emerging market countries as Mexico, Brazil, Russia, India, Vietnam, Thailand, and Indonesia.	2001-06-02	Palgrave						ZZZ000000
9781403922328	Managerial Economics : Cases And Concepts	Sumitra Pal		This book gives one the basic concepts of managerial economics with the objective of making readers appreciate the value of economic principles as tools in business decision-making. An ideal book for management students.	2003	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230636217	Getting Your Point Across	Phillip Khan-Panni		Have you ever made a presentation and noticed that some in your audience were not listening? Ever had a conversation with a person who kept looking over your shoulder for someone more interesting? Ever tried to make your point in a meeting, only for the chair to cut you off before you had finished? If anything like that has ever happened to you, you need this book.Getting your point across quickly and effectively is a skill that will get you noticed and give you the competitive edge in business. It will make you more interesting, give you the high ground in group discussions, gain you the respect and even the admiration of your peers.Forget the gift of the gab . Learn how to transform yourself into a compelling speaker. Discover how to put your message across in a way that makes others want to hear it. This book will uncover the secrets of powerful communication.	2008-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333904558	Basic journalism	Rangaswami Parthasarathy		This book seeks to instruct and provides guidelines on the basic function and principles of journalism. While attempting to trace the laws of journalism and explaining these in the Indian context, the book also tries to provide do s and don ts of language and style. The book is intended for students of journalism and for raw journalists in the newsroom.	2000	Macmillan India Limited						ZZZ000000
9780333937150	BRANDing,concepts and process	Debashis Pati		This book introduces certain concepts and a how to do perspective in the context of making a brand out of a product. It links up various activities involved in the process and presents a copyright model BRANDing.	2002	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780333917534	Contemporary Indian Poetry In English An Assessment And Selection	Saleem Peeradina		This remarkable anthology brings together the most significant works of leading Indian poets writing in English today.	1972	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403928467	Strategic Human Resouces Management : Text And Cases	Kesho Prasad		This textbook of Human Resource Management focuses on the evolving and modern concepts of HRM and personnel function. It links Human Resource Management with business strategy. It is written in a lucid way and is made comprehensive with the inclusion of learning objectives, case studies, and diagrammatic analysis of the concepts.	2005	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333935064	Getting The Right People	Kesho Prasad		This book highlights the changing concepts and the explorations in the field of HRM, resorting to multitudinal HRD interventions for ensuring that people develop a mindset of a very high order for any organisational transformation to meet the challenges of the day.	2000	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333932957	A Background To The Study Of English Literature (Rev. Ed.) (2 Edition)	Birjadish Prasad&Haripriya Ramadoss		This comprehensive study of English literature continues to be popular among students even fifty years after it was first published. The simplicity and directness of explanations of the various terms and concepts, its wealth of illustrative examples enables the reader to assimilate the content without being intimidated by its range and scope. Expanded, updated and revised by Haripriya Ramadoss, it is aimed at familiarising students with the vibrant currents of thought that have enriched the literary enterprise of our time.	1999	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333917619	An Introduction To English Criticism	Birjadish Prasad		An attempt has been made in this book to lay the foundations for a proper understanding of the intricacies of English Literature. The author has expounded the basic truths of the art of criticism, both ancient and modern.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230632974	Business Communication	K K Ramachandran&Lakshmi K K&M Krishna Kumar		Business Communication covers concept of communication, its elements and the various devices and modes of communication such as business correspondence, non-verbal communication, essay writing, speech and Management Information Systems. An important feature of the book is the fact that it deals not only with written communication but also with spoken communication including telephone etiquette and speeches within an organisation. This book is a must for all those who are involved in business or who are aspiring to move up the corporate ladder. It is a comprehensive guide to communication skills for corporate executives and business professionals. The book will be enormously useful to students of commerce, management, international business and sciences as the authors have taken into consideration the fact that +2 students entering a degree course as well as graduates from science disciplines, would not have been introduced to the concepts of communications and the book does that in an effective manner. This book explains the principles of communication and correspondence in simple language and provides models of written communication with explanations, where necessary.	2007	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230328822	From Campus To Corporate	K K Ramachandran		A simple yet comprehensive book designed to help you take charge of the beginning of your future. It deals insightfully with a crucial point: finding the right job. Beginning with campus preparations, it assembles the most powerful tips and tools every student needs to make the right impression with potential employers, to have them say: This is the one person we are looking for.	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230328730	Rocket Propulsion	K Ramamurthi		This book deals with the fundamental aspects of rockets and the current trends in rocket propulsion. The book starts with a description of motion in space, the requirements of rockets for placing spacecrafts in different orbits about the Earth and escaping from the gravitational pull of celestial bodies. The rocket equation is subsequently formulated, following examples of the motion of a sled from change of momentum and movement of giant squid in deep seas. The operating principles, performance prediction procedures, design aspects and problem areas of the different types of rockets are discussed in detail. Practical examples and exercises are provided in each chapter to aid in understanding the concepts. Some of the salient features of the book are: "Terms employed in practice for defining the characteristic features of rockets are derived from basics and are illustrated with examples. "Selection of propellants for rockets is debated and a simplified analytical method is given for	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333932452	Strategic Planning Formulation Of Corporate Strategy	V S Ramaswamy&S Namakumari		Comprehensive, contextually relevant, and India-specific text on Strategic Planning/Corporate Strategy for the MBA programmes of the business schools of India.	2000	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333937983	Inside out,student's book	Ceri Jones&Sushila Ramaswamy&Tania Bastow&C. Cadierno&Jon Hird&Helena Gomm&Russell Stannard&Mabel Soracco		This book examines leading arguments within all the major concepts of political theory and analyses key concepts like the state, authority, power, sovereignty, political obligation, civil disobedience, citizenship, rights, liberty, justice, property, democracy, development and social change. Along with examining the Western tradition in all its diversity, this book also incorporates non-Western inputs into political theory including the Indian and Chinese contributions. It is lucidly written and should attract undergraduate and postgraduate students of Political Science and those appearing for competitive examinations.	2001	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403924704	The Spirituality Of Success Getting Rich With Integrity	Vincent M Roazzi		This book presents an objective perception of the notion of success, which is full of unique insights and interesting conclusions. Book teaches the secrets to achieve lasting financial independence and happiness with integrity. The Spirituality of Success explains the science behind human actions such as, visualization, positive thinking, and time management.	2005	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333900505	Watch Your Figures	C Northcote Parkinson&M K Rustomji		The book deals with issues like how to reduce costs, simplify procedures and increase profits.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403930125	Trademarks, Advertising And Brand Protection	Rodney Rider		Brands have become the single most important asset of many business organisations today. The need to protect them from unauthorised copying, imitation and unfair competition is therefore all the more necessary. But what can be done? Trademarks, Advertising and Brand Protection informs the reader of the various legal measures available to protect brands, including copyright, trademarks, patents, designs, etc., and offers practical advice on how different aspects of a brand can be protected. Starting with an analysis of a brand in management literature, the book moves on to discuss and analyse brand protection from both marketing and legal perspectives. The book considers each aspect of a brand, that is, its shape, packaging, marketing, advertising, etc., to provide a comprehensive overview of the subject. The text examines in detail the issue of brand protection on the Internet and outlines brand valuation issues.The book concludes with an analysis of the shortcomings of the current legal regime and puts forward a proposal to fill in the gaps.	2006-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333935361	Strength Of Materials 3Rd/Ed.	G H Ryder		Strength of Materials covers the study of the behaviour of structural and machine members under the action of external loads. Analysis is directed towards determining the limiting loads, that the member can stand before failure of the material or excessive deformation. To this end, three basic sets of relations can be obtained. The book highlights the mechanics of these conditions.	2002	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403928627	Customer Relationship Management : A Strategic Perspective	G Shainesh&Jagdish N Sheth		This book explores the foundations of relationship orientation by drawing upon economic as well behavioural concepts. A critique of extant literature and experiences of CRM implementation will help readers appreciate the application of CRM in several industries. The technological aspects of CRM are highlighted through an overview of data mining, the role of contact centres, comparison of some popular CRM products and methodology for selecting a technology-oriented CRM solution. While focusing on the functional aspects of CRM for marketing, sales, service and IT, the importance of an organisation-wide initiative for the successful implementation of CRM is underscored through case studies. The book provides a roadmap for organisations planning to initiate the CRM journey.	2005	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333933398	Mumbi Maybe	Kathryn Harper		In these stories young readers meet children whose lives are disrupted by war and disaster. They will discover how understanding and generosity can bring people together and build a foundation for peace. A child's imagination and perseverance overcomes bullying and mockery.	2001-01-31	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403931993	Supply Chain Modelling & Solutions	B S Sahay&A K Gupta		Supply Chain Modelling and Solutions discusses supply chain basics from modelling to software solutions and their selection, SCM solutions and their selection approach and implementation methodology in a simple understandable language. The book explains the gamut of business processes employed across the supply chain and gives a thorough understanding of what needs to be performed and how. Since a system with various interfaces cannot be very simple, it also deals with complex supply chain framework and explains structure of supply chain in terms of its network elements, business processes and management components involved. This helps in differentiating between processes and the decisions involved to manage the processes. As a precursor to modelling, basic understanding required for the modelling has also been discussed in brief. A comprehensive software requirement criterion in form of Primary and Secondary requirement has also been developed to give students, consultants and industry practitioner a broad and thorough insight to solution evaluation process. Further to that a unique software selection architecture and percentage based weighted tree approach has been developed to evaluate Solution Merit Index (SMI). Another unique feature, which makes this book different from other SCM books, is inclusion of a chapter on Implementation of Supply Chain Solutions. Right from chalking down supply chain strategy to making supply chain happen, it deals with solution selection strategy, solution implementation plan, implementation process and other related issues that also talk about integrating ERP, SCM and CRM. The book provides sufficient information and sustains readers interest to learn and practice the concept and implementation in real-time situations. It addresses the needs of all three segments, viz., academia, industry and consultants/experts need in a focused manner. It will not only serve as a reference handbook for software selection and its impleme	2007	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230630642	Amazing Facts On Hinduism	Swami Prakashanand Saraswati		A DIVINE TREASURE WHICH EVERY ONE DESIRING TO KNOW THE REAL TRUTH ABOUT HINDUISM MUST HAVE& It is the first time in hundreds of years that such a concise encyclopedia has been produced which reveals the true form of Hinduism to the world. This is the only book that details all the aspects of Hinduism at one place. This is the only authentic record that gives a comparative account of the world history and civilization of 8,000 years along with the Bhartiya history of unbroken civilization of 1,900 million years with positive scientific evidences. This is such a Divine treatise which will give you an understanding of the Divine Graciousness of the Hindu religion, enhance the feelings of love in your heart for your beloved God and inspire your children to have a positive attitude towards God and His eternal Graciousness.	2007-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230636866	Operating Systems	Sathe		Operating Systems is aimed at developing an understanding of the fundamental concepts and techniques of operating systems. This book discusses concepts, structure and techniques of operating systems encompassing everything from low-level device drivers to concurrency, etc. The text is presented in a lucid language, which sustains the readers interest and also makes the understanding of the concepts very easy. Each chapter in the text is supplemented with chapter-end exercises , points to be remembered and assistance for section exercises after each section, thus making it even more reader-friendly. The organization of the learning material differs greatly from the organization of a book; the main idea being to help the reader understand the concepts involved in operating systems very easily. This learning material will be very useful to students opting for BE/BTech (Computer Science) and MCA programmes, as well as to practicing engineers. It will go a long way in helping students understand the concepts of operating systems not only in academic exams but also in competitive exams.	2008	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230639973	Solid State Physics An Introduction To Solid State Electronic Devices 2/Ed.	Saxena A K		This book has been written keeping in mind the guidelines prescribed in the UGC curriculum. It aims to serve as a textbook for MSc (Physics) students of all Indian universities. An attempt has been made in the book to incorporate latest developments in the subjects like Quasi-crystals, Quantum-wells, Super lattices, Quantum Hall effects and Super-conductors. The book deals with symmetry groups, imperfections in solids, lattice vibrations, band theory, Fermi surfaces, magnetic properties, semiconductors (including basic electronic devices), dielectrics and superconductivity (including the recently discovered high Tc superconductors). Emphasis has been laid on the physical concepts of the various topics covered. Solved examples have been interspersed in the text to clarify the underlying physical concepts. Although the book is written for postgraduate students of physics, it would also serve as a useful reference work to students of chemistry, material sciences and electrical engineeri	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230639966	Industrial Relations Text And Cases 2/Ed.	Ratna Sen		Industrial Relations: Text and Cases looks at changes in the industrial relation (IR) policy and practices in India over the last three decades, especially at the evolutionary nature of these changes. The post-globalisation scenario constitutes the focused area of this study, especially covering developments during the first decade of the new millennium. This book is a result of the author s research and teaching experience of nearly thirty years and combines theory with practical illustrations and a large number of case studies. The Systems Theory has been applied to the Indian IR context to provide a framework of analyses for students of IR. Besides students of Management, this comprehensive study of industrial relations in India will be of interest to anyone keen to know more about the subject. The book also covers organisational communications, knowledge workers, voluntary retirements schemes, Human Resource Management concepts, International HRM, the ILO s role, quality circles a	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403910295	Industrial relations in India,shifting paradigms	Ratna Sen		This book is a comprehensive study of industrial relations in India, covering new topics like organisational communication, knowledge workers and their management, voluntary retirement schemes, quality circles and analysis of collective agreements. A must read for management students.	2003-01-01	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780333904589	Macmillan Reeds Nautical Almanac	Basil D'Oliveira		This revised edition is presented with the theory of RCC design, followed by practical design, to facilitate easy understanding. This book meets the needs of both, civil engineering degree and diploma students as well as practising engineers.	2000-09-08	Pan Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9781403925015	Marketing Research : Concepts & Practices In India	S Shajahan		This book provides a comprehensive coverage of concepts of contemporary technology-driven marketing research. It emphasis more on emerging application of marketing research like service quality measurement, customer satisfaction and feedback analysis, relationship marketing research, customer-value analysis, distribution and pricing research value chain analysis with live examples from cellular services, Internet banking, retailing and other FMCG sectors. This book opens up newer vistas of career to corporate executives and management and technology students with substantial coverage of leading MR agencies like IMRB, AC Nilsen, Taylor Nelson Sofres plc and ORG Marg.	2004	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403931511	Operations Research (3 Edition) : Theory And Applications	J K Sharma		Operations Research: Theory and Applications, is a comprehensive text for courses in Quantitative Methods, Operations Research, Management Science, Analytical Methods for Decision-Making, and other related courses. The third edition of the book further enhances the easy-to-understand approach employed in the first two editions. It continues to provide readers an understanding of problem-solving methods based upon a careful discussion of model formulation, solution procedures and analysis. The key revisions in the third edition are: " Almost all chapters have been reorganized and/or rewritten to facilitate better and easier understanding of concepts and text material. " Each chapter contains Learning Objectives to guide the students to focus their attention to understand a specific topic under study. " Chapter 2 on LP Model Formulation includes properly graded problems to provide wide areas of managerial applications. " Most chapters contain Cases to help students to understand business situations and suggest solutions to certain managerial issues raised using specific technique of operations research. " Appendices, in most chapters, provide basic theoretical support to the development of specific techniques used in that chapter to solve decision-making problems. " Each chapter contains Chapter Concepts Quiz to help students reinforce their understanding of the principles and applications of operations research techniques. " Explanations are richly illustrated with numerous interesting and varied business-oriented examples. " Hints and answers to self-practice problems are given in each chapter to enable students to learn at their own pace. The book is intended to serve as a core textbook for students of MBA/PGDBM, MCom, CA, and ICWA who need to understand the basic concepts of operations research and apply them directly to real-life business problems. It also suits the requirements of students for MA/MSc (Mathematics, Statistics, O	2006	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230638853	Operations Research Theory And Applications 4Th/Ed.	Sharma		Operations Research: Theory and Applications, is a comprehensive text for courses in Quantitative Methods, Operations Research, Management Science, Analytical Methods for Decision-Making, and other related subjects. This fourth edition of the book further enhances the easy-to-understand approach employed in the first three editions. It continues to provide readers an understanding of problem-solving methods based upon a careful discussion of model formulation, solution procedures and analysis. Salient Features " Almost all chapters have been reorganized and/or rewritten to facilitate better and easier understanding of concepts and text material. " Each chapter contains Preview and Learning Objectives to guide the students to focus their attention to understand a specific topic under study. " Most chapters contain 'Cases' to help students to understand business situations and suggest solutions to certain managerial issues that are raised using specific technique of operatio	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230328716	Quantitative Methods Theory And Applications	J K Sharma		Quantitative Methods: Theory and Applications, is a comprehensive textbook for both undergraduate and postgraduate courses on Operations Research, Management Science, and other similar courses. This book helps in understanding model building, solution procedures and analysis of results obtained either by manual methods or by using computer software. Students of professional courses who need to understand basic concepts of quantitative methods and apply results directly to real-life business problems would find this book very useful.	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403929501	Solid State Geometry	Swarn Singh&Suruchi Singh		This book presents the concepts of three-dimensional geometry in a simple and lucid style within the realm of understanding of students of every genre. The matter has been arranged in such a way that even a beginner will find no difficulty in understanding and grasping the content of the book. The book covers most of the academic requirements of the various courses like B.A./B.Sc. (Hons) and pass courses of Indian universities. It will also be useful for engineering students and for those aspiring for other professional competitive examinations including IAS, IFS and PCS.	2006	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403908599	Do Not Dig A Grave And Bury Your Career!	D N B Singh		This book, targeted at fresh graduates, mid-level and senior managers, ensures that the organisational life is successful. This work not only equips them with the skills to adjust and take measures proactive thereof, but also helps them adopt strategies to propel their career.	2002-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230638402	Terrorism in South and Southeast Asia in the coming decade	Daljit Singh&Institute of Southeast Asian Studies		These are the revised and edited articles originally presented at the inaugural CSA-ISEAS Seminar on the subject of Terrorism in South and Southeast Asia in the Coming Decade held at Singapore during June 26-27, 2008.	2009-01-01	Institute of Southeast Asian Studies in association with Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9781403924902	Environmental law in India	Gurdip Singh		This book spells out the international legal dimensions of Sustainable Development and the judicial activism in India to implement the mandate of Sustainable Development. It focuses on the importance of public interest litigation in the cases relating to protection and improvement of the environment. The specialized legislations in India to prevent various forms of pollution are elaborated, analysed and evaluated. The readership of the book includes students, teachers, researchers, legal practitioners, judges, NGOs dealing with environmental protection.	2005	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780230633025	Human Embryology (8 Edition)	Singh		This book was first published in 1976 and since then has been widely accepted as the leading textbook on Human Embryology. The secret of its long-standing popularity lies in its readability, concise and clear text, and a profusion of simple but informative illustrations. The book presents essential concepts in human development, intended for use of medical students during their study of Anatomy, Pathology, Development Biology and Paediatrics. Each chapter opens with Highlights, followed by descriptions of normal development of particular systems in a systematic manner and concludes with Time-table of events of development. Salient Features of the Eighth Edition " A new chapter entitled Molecular Control of Development has been added. " The text of each chapter has been extensively revised and updated. " The book is laid out in a larger format with coloured text and all-coloured illustrations imparting a completely New Look to the book. " Many new illustrations have been added and earlier ones have been improved. " Major modifications in the following topics: " Interdependence of oocyte and follicular cells " Non-dysjunction during meiosis " Phases of menstrual cycle " Hormonal control of ovarian and uterine cycles " Use of stem cells in treatment of diseases " Neural crest derivatives " Development of the heart " Development of the kidney " Differentiation of genital organs " Development of the eye	2007	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230630123	Speaking And Writing For Effective Business Communication	Francis Soundaraj		Communication needs to match demands of global business transactions in order to make them work. Theorists and practitioners of business communication, therefore, have made it effectively professional. The communication revolution has significantly helped them to make it so. Speaking and Writing for Effective Business Communication has been designed as both a text for study as well as a guide with tips for professional practice. It is comprehensive in its coverage and deals with most theoretical and practical aspects of business communication. The book attempts to capture these facts and trends in order to provide the student and the practitioner of business an effective tool of communication that is contemporary, professional and global. Against the backdrop of lucidly explained concepts, the reader is led to practise and master skills of speaking, listening, oral presentation and reading business documents. The book provides examples from real-life situations so that the reader can easily relate to them. In this and many other ways it fulfils a long felt need to make business communication a facile tool that can help one to respond to the communication challenges faced by today s business and commercial world. Presented in a reader-friendly format the book engages the attention of students with a number of illustrations emphasizing completeness, correctness, an eye for meticulous detail and a wide range of learner activities. What is more, the student of modern business communication will find here a choice of models, summaries, checklists and other study aids. They will lead him/her, through effective pedagogy, to an independent and mature handling of forms of oral and written business communication. The book is highly readable and excellent material for teaching effective business communication. Salient features " The book is a perfect blend of oral and written communication in the present day context of Information Technology. " It is useful for improving	2007	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230637573	Design Essentials Of Engineering Systems	Srinath		Among the systems and devices that engineers have designed, large systems demand particular attention. Design Essentials of Engineering Systems discusses characteristic features of such large goal-oriented engineering systems, their complexities, and the need to control and regulate these systems. Cybernetic approaches have been adopted to explain these systems. Addressing the need of engineers' innovative contribution to design, the book highlights the importance of human reliability and human factors during design, operation, and maintenance of large systems. Based on the extensive teaching experience of the author at various universities and institutes in India and abroad, the book is written in the classroom lecture style making it more student-friendly.The text is primarily aimed at undergraduate engineering students of all disciplines, however, a part of the book may be taught as introduction to higher level courses as well.Salient Features" Project planning explained through PERT " Linear Programming, an important optimization process , presented with examples " A complete chapter dedicated to Engineering economics" All chapters supplemented with Exercises , with Solutions/Hints at the end " Case reports of design failures given a prominent coverage	2009	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403926739	The new Indian industry,structure and key players	R. Srinivasan		The book highlights the major changes in the Indian Economy that have happened since liberalization and deregulation, including globalization and the impeding WTO implication has had significant impact on the structure of the Indian Industry, including the emergence of knowledge-based industries.	2005-01-01	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780230328808	Learning To Counsel Develop The Skills, Insight And Knowledge To Counsel Others	Jan Sutton		Now in its second edition, this comprehensive book is essential reading for would-be counselors, those working in the helping professions and anyone who uses counseling skills as part of their work. With its practical, hands-on approach, wealth of case studies, examples of skills, Illustrations, exercises and extensively updated resources section, it is also a valuable tool for tutors of counseling skills courses.	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781403926791	Venture capital, concepts & applications	T. Satyanarayana Chary		This book discusses comprehensively the concept of venture capital and the Indian scenario including legal environment. A well-structured text, this book is divided into six segments, such as concept of venture capital, international experience of venture capital, venture capital in Inaia, policy environment of venture capital industry in India, Profile of venture capital economy and case studies on venture capital finance.	2005-01-01	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780333914861	Twentieth Century Verse An Anglo-American Anthology	C T Thomas		This anthology is a comprehensive selection of twentieth century British and American verse complete with critical notes.	2000	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333918012	The home and the world	Rabindranath Tagore		Rabindranath Tagore's powerful novel, set on a Bengali noble's estate in 1908, is both a love story and a novel of political awakening. The central character, Bimala, is torn between the duties owed to her husband, Nikhil, and the demands made on her by the radical leader Sandip. Her attempts to resolve the irreconcilable pressures of the home and the world reflect the conflict in India itself, and the tragic outcome foreshadows the unrest that accompanied Partition in 1947. During his prolific career Rabindranath Tagore was recognized as Bengal's major writer. He was an outstanding novelist, poet, playwright, painter, musician and educator. A leading figure in the Indian nationalist movement and a friend of Gandhi, Tagore was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1913.	1985	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780333900093	Gitanjali,Song Offerings	Rabindranath Tagore		Moving, heart-felt prose poems by the beloved and much admired Bengali poet and mystic who first achieved international fame (and a Nobel Prize) in 1913 with his translation of these moving works.	1987-12	MacMillan						ZZZ000000
9780230632301	Self Encounter Complete Aim Of Life - Self Development To Self Realisation	Tejguru Sirshree Tejparkhiji		Self-Encounter: The Complete Aim of Life is a unique book of its kind that helps man to encounter oneself and bring in total transformation in different facets of LIFE. It is the English translation of the Hindi bestseller 'Sampurna Lakshya', a book written by Tejguru Sirshree Tejparkhiji. The book provides an insight into each of the five aspects of life, ie, physical, mental, social, financial and spiritual. The book provides the whole gamut of feelings encountered within the process of self-development to self-realisation. Whwther you want to stay fir, grow rich, socialise better or elevate yourself spiritually, this book has an answer to all these questions. The book is divided into seven parts; each part delving into a particular aspect of life. The book emphasises that understanding is central to determining the path of truth and attaining the final truth.	2007	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780230638969	International English For Call Centres Language, Culture And Empathy (Cd Included)	Suhashini Thomas Barry Tomalin		Adjudged as "Highly Commended" - HRH the Duke of Edinburgh English Speaking Union English Language Book Award 2009  If you are in the call-centre industry or dealing with the UK over the phone or face to face, this book and CD pack will help you communicate better. It shows you how to make the jump from Indian English to International English as used in the UK, the differences between UK and Indian communication styles, how to probe cultural references you don't understand and to build empathy with the people you deal with. And it provides you with a galaxy of follow-up resources you can use to improve your English and knowledge of life in the UK. Written in a lively and personal style and using examples taken from real-life situations, the authors illustrate the communication problems experienced by UK customers and Indian staff, offer solutions and give detailed advice and practice on how to improve your communication.  The book and CD will meet the needs of induction and language refreshment courses in call centres, call centre representatives who need to upgrade their communication with the UK, back office processors and all who are dealing with UK customers in the BPO revolution.	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333933893	Analytical Chemistry	S Usharani		This book is useful as a text as well as a reference book for students of Analytical Chemistry in undergraduate and postgraduate courses. This book should prove useful for future coursework including the course dealing with instrumental analysis.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230636613	Cost Management A Strategic Perspective	Vaidya		The book is intended to fill the long-time requirements of the students for want of a book that is clearly written and contemporary, and provides a concise approach to cost management in the Indian context. It addresses current topics such as activity-based costing (ABC), economic value added (EVA) and balanced scorecard with Indian case studies. Every effort is made in this book to expose the students to the relevance of cost concepts in managerial decision-making. The authors firmly believe that costs result from management decisions and do not implicitly accept the cost accounting philosophy that costs happen . This book can be of help to not only students but also faculty, professionals and managers engaged in understanding contemporary cost management concepts and techniques.	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230636231	How To Read Faster And Recall More . . . Learn The Art Of Speed Reading With Maximum Recall	Gordon Wainwright		In today s information-laden and time-constrained world we are required to digest an increasing amount of written and printed material. Most people, in their capacity as student, job seeker, employee or leisure reader, want to be able to deal with their daily reading faster and also recall it effectively. This book gives you the means to do just that by: " Finding the techniques for improvement that work best for you " Providing methods for increasing retention and recall " Promoting flexibility the key to reading efficiently " Offering techniques for developing skim-reading " Highlighting problem areas and suggesting ways of addressing them The book contains exercises to facilitate your development and assesses your results throughout, ensuring that you come away reading faster and recalling more.	2008	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788184890402	Analytical Methods For Heat Transfer And Fluid Flow Problems	Weigand		Although the solution of Partial Differential Equation by numerical methods is the standard practice in industries, analytical methods are still important for the critical assessment of results derived from advanced computer simulations and theimprovement of the underlying numerical techniques. Literature devoted to analytical methods, however, often focuses only on theoretical and mathematical aspects and is therefore not helpful to most engineers. Analytical Methods for Heat Transfer andFluid Flow Problems addresses engineers and engineering students. It describes useful analytical methods by applying them to real-world problems rather than solving the usual over-simplified classroom problems. The book demonstrates the applicability of analytical methods even for complex problems and guides the reader to a more intuitive understanding of approaches and solutions.	2008-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403909909	Rob Yeung S Insider Guide To Successful Interviews	Dr Rob Yeung		This book is a panacea to cope with tricky questions and hurdle nerves. The model answers are helpful to rehearse the perfect responses to an interviewer s questions. There s also advice on dealing with assessment centres, psychometric tests and other recruitment techniques.	2003-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333933084	Ponniyin Selvan The Pinnacle Of Sacrifice (part 5, Vol. 1)	Kalki		The first volume of the fifth part in the series Ponniyin Selvan , deals with the life of Prince Arulmozhivarmar who is Ponniyin Selvan and the younger brother of crown prince Aditha Karikalan.	2000	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9781403909725	Laws And Practice Relating To Banking	Iib		This Book Provides The Legal Framework Of Regulations Followed By Banks And Is Tailored For Banking Professionals And Students To Understand The Legal Aspects Of Banking Practices Like Operations, Credit Management, Recovery Measures, Etc.	2003-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780333939277	Inside Out upper intermediate : workbook CD	Philip Kerr		This is an Audio CD Accompanying The Inside Out Upper Intermediate Workbook.	2001-04-04	Macmillan						ZZZ000000
9780333939246	Macmillan Little Dictionary	Dictionaries		This pocket dictionary offers concise and accessible coverage of the most common English vocabulary expressions, backed up with notes on usage. There are more than 16,000 entries and more than 1600 usage notes for words which may be confused, synonyms and similar items.	2000-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230633001	Security In Electronic Banking (2 Edition)	Iibf		This book is a part of the courseware on Diploma in Banking Technology being offered by the Indian Institute of Banking & Finance. This book provides an overview of various security in electronic banking. The book consist of Four Modules as under : " Module A : An Overview of Computer and Communications Security " Module B : Troubleshooting Techniques " Module C : Viruses Where Do They Come From? " Module D : System Audit and Computer Crimes This book though aimed at bankers would be of interest to anybody who is keen to learn about Banking Technology as prevalent today.	2007	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788120800458	The student's Sanskrit-English dictionary,containing appendices on Sanskrit prosody and important literary and geographical names in the ancient history of India	Vaman Shivaram Apte		The present Dictionary is designed to meet the long-felt need of the English knowing reader, who is interested in the study of classical as well as modern Sanskrit.It covers a very large field-Epics such as the Ramayana and Mahabharata, Puranas and Upapuranas, Smrti and Niti literature, Darsanas or Systems of Philosophy, such as Nyaya, Vedanta, Mimamsa, Sankhya and Yoga, Grammar,Rhetoric, Poetry in all its branches, Dramatic and Narrative literature, Mathematics, Medicine, Botany, AstronomyMusic and other technical or scientific branches of learning. Thus it embraces all words occurring in the general post-Vedic literature. It includes most of the important terms in Grammar. It gives quotations and references to the peculiar and remarkable meaning of words, especially such as occur in books prescribed for study in the Indian and foreign universities. It also renders explanation of important technical terms occurring in different branches of sanskrit learning. To add to its usefulness, the work includes three appendices.	1988-12	Motilal Banarsidass Publ.						ZZZ000000
9788120818194	Vedic Mathematics For Schools	James T. Glover		Mathematics: Vedic Techniques	2002-01-01	Motilal Banarsidass Publ.						MAT000000
9788120808447	How to Judge a Horoscope I	B. V. Raman		How to Judge a Horoscope is a departure from the conventional method of treatment of astrology. It is a study in the use of Horoscope in every man`s daily life. The work in two volumes is divided in twelve houses, containing six each in consecutive order. The twelve houses have reference to the material relation of soul (jeeva) in its journey from the cradle to the grave. The study of illustrations (charts) makes every point even the omitted rudimentary principles and rules very clear and graspable. Vol. I deals with houses I to VI. First House deals with the beginning of life, childhood, health, physical body and character. Second House represents family, face, right eye, food, manners and source of death. Third House rules brothers and sisters, intelligence and other immediate relations. Fourth House indicates peace of mind, home life, land and ancestral properties, education, neck and shoulders. Fifth House indicate children, intelligence, emotions and fame. Sixth House rules over debts, enemies, miseries, sorrows, illness and disappointments.	1991-06	Motilal Banarsidass Publishers (Pvt. Ltd)						ZZZ000000
9788120808485	How to Judge a Horoscope	B. V. Raman		How to Judge a Horoscope is a departure from the conventional method of treatment of astrology. It is a study in the use of Horoscope in every man`s daily life. The work in two volumes is divided in twelve houses, containing six each in consecutive order. The twelve houses have reference to the material relation of soul (jeeva) in its journey from the cradle to the grave. The study of illustrations (charts) makes every point even the omitted rudimentary principles and rules very clear and graspable. Vol II deals with house VII to XII. The Seventh House represents wife, husband, marriage, sexual diseases, business partner, diplomacy, talent and general happiness. The Eight House indicates longevity, legacies, disgrace, degradation and details pertaining to death. The Ninth rules father, righteousness, religion, fame leadership, Journeys and communications with spirits. The Tenth indicates occupations, profession, honours, foreign travels and means of livelihood. The Eleventh represents means of gains, elder brother and freedom from misery. The Twelfth rules losses, expenditure, sympathy, divine knowledge, moksha and the state after death.	1991-06	Motilal Banarsidass Publ.						ZZZ000000
9788120808478	How to Judge a Horoscope	Bangalore V. Raman		How to Judge a Horoscope is a departure from the conventional method of treatment of astrology. It is a study in the use of Horoscope in every man`s daily life. The work in two volumes is divided in twelve houses, containing six each in consecutive order. The twelve houses have reference to the material relation of soul (jeeva) in its journey from the cradle to the grave. The study of illustrations (charts) makes every point even the omitted rudimentary principles and rules very clear and graspable. Vol. I deals with houses I to VI. First House deals with the beginning of life, childhood, health, physical body and character. Second House represents family, face, right eye, food, manners and source of death. Third House rules brothers and sisters, intelligence and other immediate relations. Fourth House indicates peace of mind, home life, land and ancestral properties, education, neck and shoulders. Fifth House indicate children, intelligence, emotions and fame. Sixth House rules over debts, enemies, miseries, sorrows, illness and disappointments.	2003-01	Motilal Banarsidass Publ.						ZZZ000000
9788120809017	Notable Horoscopes	B.V. Raman		A most reliable guide to practical astrology, Notable Horoscopes does not contain startling predictions and amazing forecasts. But it is the product of investigations and studies by the author presented here in an orderly and scientific form but in simple language easily understandable by the average reader.	1991	Motilal Banarsidass						ZZZ000000
9788120827875	Vedic Mathematics: Intermediate level	Kenneth R. Williams		Vedic Mathematics was reconstructed from ancient vedic texts early last century by Sri Bharati Tirthaji (1884-1960). It is a complete systems of mathematics which has many surprising properties and applies at all levels and areas of mathematics, pure and applied. The system is based on sixteen word-formulae that relate to the way in which we use our mind.	2005	Motilal Banarsidass Publishe						ZZZ000000
9788120827868	Vedic Mathematics: Elementary level	Kenneth R. Williams		Vedic Mathematics was reconstructed from ancient vedic texts early last century by Sri Bharati Tirthaji (1884-1960). It is a complete systems of mathematics which has many surprising properties and applies at all levels and areas of mathematics, pure and applied. The system is based on sixteen word-formulae that relate to the way in which we use our mind.	2005	Motilal Banarsidass Publishe						ZZZ000000
9788173197505	Structural Analysis	Devdas Menon		Structural Analysis is a basic under-graduate text presenting fresh insight and clarity. The contents are divided into five distinct but related parts (comprising 22 chapters), exploring sequentially and comprehensively the basic and advanced concepts of structural mechanics. Many issues related to the finer aspects of the theory are explored in detail. This includes numerous applications, including short-cut methods of analysing indeterminate structures. Topics that are commonly ill-understood by engineers, such as the principle of virtual work, energy methods and displacement methods, are discussed with emphasis on clarity in understanding and developing a physical feel . The main objective is to enable the student to have a good grasp of all the fundamental issues in this subject, besides enjoying the learning process, and developing analytical and intuitive skills.	2008	Narosa Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788173199707	Power circuits and electromechanics	M. A. Pai		"The book is basically in three modules. The first module covers complex power in single and three phase circuits, analysis of magnetic circuits, mutually coupled circuits and single phase transformers. The second module, drawing upon the quasi-static approximation of magnetic field equations, develops the concepts of electromechanical energy conversion, forces of electric origin leading to the dynamics equations of motion of the electromechanical system. A brief introduction to state space modeling, static equilibrium and stability is included. The third module discusses in the energy, co-energy framework, the torque of electric origin in synchronous, induction and DC machines. In each case, the equivalent circuit for the machine for steady state operation is developed for analysis purposes. A brief discussion of single phase motors is presented at the end." -- Publisher's description.	2009	Alpha Science International Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122414943	Experiments in microbiology, plant pathology and biotechnology	K. R. Aneja		Microorganisms Are Living Things Like Plants And Animals But Because Of Their Minute Size And Omnipresence, Performing Experiments With Microbes Requires Special Techniques And Equipment Apart From Good Theoretical Knowledge About Them. This Easy To Use Revised And Updated Edition Provides Knowledge About All The Three I.E., Techniques, Equipment And Principles Involved.The Notable Feature Of This Edition Is The Addition Of New Sections On Bacterial Taxonomy That Deals With The Criteria Used In Identification, Phylogeny And Current System Of Classification Of Procaryotes Based On The Second Edition Of Bergey Manual Of Systematic Bacteriology And The Section One On History Of Discovery Of Events That Covers Chronologically Important Events In Microbiology With The Contribution Of Pioneer Microbiologists Who Laid The Foundation Of The Science Of Microbiology. In The Subsequent Twenty-Two Sections, Various Microbiological Techniques Have Been Described Followed By Several Experiments Illustrating The Properties Of Microorganisms And Highlighting Their Involvement In Practically Every Sphere Of Life.Along With The Cultivation/Isolation/Purification Of Microbes, This Edition Also Contains Exercises Concerning Air, Soil, Water, Food, Dairy And AgriculturalMicrobiology, Bacterial Genetics, Plant Pathology, Plant Tissue Culture And Mushroom Production Technology. This Manual Contains 163 Experiments Spread Over 22 Different Sections. The Exercises Are Presented In A Simple Language With Explanatory Diagrams And A Brief Recapitulation Of Their Theory And Principle.The Exercises Are Selected By Keeping In Mind The Easy Availability Of Cultures, Culture Media And Equipment. Appendices At The End Of The Manual Provide A Reference To The Source For Obtaining Cultures Of Microbes, Culture Media And Preparation Of Various Stains, Reagents And Media In The Laboratory And Classification Of Procaryotes According To The First And Second Editions Of Bergey Is Manual Of Systematic Bacteriology.This Book Would Be Useful For The Undergraduate And Postgraduate Students, Teachers And Scientists In Diverse Areas Including The Biological Sciences, The Allied Health Services, Environmental Science, Biotechnology, Agriculture, Nutrition, Pharmacy And Various Other Professional Programmes Like Milk Processing Units, Diagnostic (Clinical) Microbiological Laboratories And Mushroom Cultivation At Small Or Large Scales.	2005	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122416732	Irrigation and Water Resources Engineering	G L Asawa		The Book Irrigation And Water Resources Engineering Deals With The Fundamental And General Aspects Of Irrigation And Water Resources Engineering And Includes Recent Developments In Hydraulic Engineering Related To Irrigation And Water Resources Engineering. Significant Inclusions In The Book Are A Chapter On Management (Including Operation, Maintenance, And Evaluation) Of Canal Irrigation In India, Detailed Environmental Aspects For Water Resource Projects, A Note On Interlinking Of Rivers In India, And Design Problems Of Hydraulic Structures Such As Guide Bunds, Settling Basins Etc.The First Chapter Of The Book Introduces Irrigation And Deals With The Need, Development And Environmental Aspects Of Irrigation In India. The Second Chapter On Hydrology Deals With Different Aspects Of Surface Water Resource. Soil-Water Relationships Have Been Dealt With In Chapter 3. Aspects Related To Ground Water Resource Have Been Discussed In Chapter 4. Canal Irrigation And Its Management Aspects Form The Subject Matter Of Chapters 5 And 6. Behaviour Of Alluvial Channels And Design Of Stable Channels Have Been Included In Chapters 7 And 8, Respectively. Concepts Of Surface And Subsurface Flows, As Applicable To Hydraulic Structures, Have Been Introduced In Chapter 9. Different Types Of Canal Structures Have Been Discussed In Chapters 10, 11, And 13. Chapter 12 Has Been Devoted To Rivers And River Training Methods. After Introducing Planning Aspects Of Water Resource Projects In Chapter 14, Embankment Dams, Gravity Dams And Spillways Have Been Dealt With, Respectively, In Chapters 15, 16 And 17.The Students Would Find Solved Examples (Including Design Problems) In The Text, And Unsolved Exercises And The List Of References Given At The End Of Each Chapter Useful.	2006-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122410068	Stepper motors: fundamentals, applications and design	V. V. Athani		This Is The First Indian Publication Devoted Solely To Stepper Motors. It Covers All Aspects Of Stepper Motors: Construction, Operation And Characteristics Of Stepper Motors; Electronic As Well As Microprocessor Based Controllers For Stepper Motors; Stepper Motor Applications In Control, Instrumentation, Computer Peripheral Devices, Cnc Systems, Robotics, Etc.; And Stepper Motor Analysis And Design.Furthermore, The Book Contains Certain Special Features Which Have Appeared, Perhaps For The First Time, In A Book Of This Nature Such As The Latest Remp Disk Magnet Stepper Motor Micros-Tepping Controller, Etc. Certain Indian Contributions To Stepper Motor Controller Technology Have Been Highlighted In Microprocessor-Based Controllers For Stepper Motor. For Practising Engineers And Students, Selection And Sizing Of Stepper Motor Has Been Discussed In Detail And Illustrated With Typical Illustrative Examples.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122409901	Resonance of Ramanujan's mathematics	Ratan Prakash Agarwal		The Present Volume Is The Third Of The Series Resonance Of Ramanujan'S Mathematics Written By The Author. The First Two Volumes Were Published In 1996. As In The First Two Volumes, This Volume Contains Five Chapters. The Topics Selected For This Volume Are Continued Fraction -Comprising Of The First Three Chapters, Riemann Zeta Function And The Fifth Chapter Is A Masterly And An Up-To-Date Article On Elliptic Functions On Alternative Bases By Prof. S. Bhargava (Mysore), Reprinted From The Proc. Nat. Acad. Scf.(Lndia) 68 (1998), By The Kind Permission Of The Chief Editor.The Chapters On Continued Fractions, A Topic In Which Ramanujan Has Been, Probably, At His Best, Are Aimed At Giving The Most Recent Developments In That Topic And Should Prove Useful To The Research Workers In A Better Understanding Of Ramanujan'S Work And In Further Extending His Results. The Fourth Chapter On Riemann Zeta Function, Which Is Of Importance In The Theory Of Numbers, Asymptotic Theory, And Series Transformations Etc., Gives An Idea Of The Diverse Nature Of Topics In Which Ramanujan Has Made Valuable Contribution. The Last Chapter Reprinted From The Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci. (India) 68 (1998) Gives An Up-To-Date And Thorough Discussion Of Elliptic Function Theory On Alternative Bases.This Volume Should Prove To Be A Valuable Asset For Researchers Working On Ramanujan'S Mathematics Each Chapter, As Before, Is Followed By An Up-To-Date And Comprehensive Bibliography And Provides An Independent Reading.	1996-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122411881	Resonance of Ramanujan's mathematics	Ratan Prakash Agarwal		The Present Volume Is The Third Of The Series Resonance Of Ramanujans Mathematics Written By The Author. The First Two Volumes Were Published In 1996. As In The First Two Volumes, This Volume Contains Five Chapters. The Topics Selected For This Volume Are Continued Fractions -Comprising Of The First Three Chapters, Riemann Zeta Function And The Fifth Chapter Is A Masterly And An Up-To-Date Article On Elliptic Functions On Alternative Bases By Prof. S. Bhargava (Mysore), Reprinted From The Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci (India) 68 (1998), By The Kind Permission Of The Chief Editor. The Chapters On Continued Fractions, A Topic In Which Ramanujan Has Been, Probably, At His Best, Are Aimed At Giving The Most Recent Developments In That Topic And Should Prove Useful To The Research Workers In A Better Understanding Oframanujans Work And In Further Extending His Results. The Fourth Chapter On Riemann Zeta Function, Which Is Of Importance In The Theory Of Numbers, Asymptotic Theory, And Series Transformations Etc., Gives An Idea Of The Diverse Nature Of Topics In Which Ramanujan Has Made Valuable Contribution.The Last Chapter Reprinted From The Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci. (India) 68 (1998) Gives An Up-To-Date And Thorough Discussion Of Elliptic Function Theory On Alternative Bases.This Volume Should Prove To Be A Valuable Asset For Researchers Working Onramanujans Mathematics. Each Chapter, As Before, Is Followed By An Up-To-Date And Comprehensive Bibliography And Provides An Independent Reading.	1999-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122406948	Solid State Devices and Circuits	S. P. Bali		The Book-Intended Primarily For Use At Technical College Level, As An Introduction To The Theory And Practice Of Solid-State Devices And Circuits, The Relevant Topics Are Explained In Words And Descriptions Free Of Cumbersome Mathematics. Comprising Three Parts, Part 1 Of The Book Deals With Solid-State Devices, With Emphasis On Special Semi-Conductor Devices. Part 2 Of The Book Covers A Very Wide Range Of Circuits, Both Analog And Digital, In Which The Properties Of Solid- State Devices Are Exploited. Part 3 Of The Book On Solid-State Clinic Bridges The Gap Between Theory And Practice. The Illustrative Method Of Approach Has Been Adopted; Each Illustration Intended To Bring Home An Idea And To Build Understanding Step By Step. The Only Prerequisite Is A Basic And Workable Of A.C. And D.C. Theory.	2007	Wiley Eastern, Limited						ZZZ000000
9788122408553	Electrical Engineering Drawing	Dr S K Bhattacharya		Electrical Drawing Is An Important Engineering Subject Taught To Electrical/Electronics Engineering Students Both At Degree And Diploma Level Institutions. The Course Content Generally Covers Assembly And Working Drawings Of Electrical Machines And Machine Parts, Drawing Of Electrical Circuits, Instruments And Components. The Contents Of This Book Have Been Prepared By Consulting The Syllabus Of Various State Boards Of Technical Education As Also Of Different Engineering Colleges. This Book Has Nine Chapters. Chapter I Provides Latest Informations About Drawing Sheets, Lettering, Dimensioning, Method Of Projections, Sectional Views Including Assembly And Working Drawings Of Simple Electrical And Mechanical Items With Plenty Of Solved Examples.The Second Chapter Deals With Drawing Of Commonly Used Electrical Instruments, Their Method Of Connection And Of Instrument Parts. Chapter Iii Deals With Mechanical Drawings Of Electrical Machines And Machine Parts. The Details Include Drawings Of D.C. Machines, Induction Machines, Synchronous Machines, Fractional Kw Motors And Transformers. Chapter Iv Includes Panel Board Wiring Diagrams. The Fifth Chapter Is Devoted To Winding Diagrams Of D.C. And A.C. Machines. Chapter Vi And Vii Include Drawings Of Transmission And Distribution Line Accessories, Supports, Etc. As Also Plant And Substation Layout Diagrams.Miscellaneous Drawing Like Drawings Of Earth Electrodes, Circuit Breakers, Lighting Arresters, Etc. Have Been Dealt With In Chapter Viii. Graded Exercises With Feedback On Reading And Interpreting Engineering Drawings Covering The Entire Course Content Have Been Included In Ix Providing Ample Opportunities To The Learner To Practice On Such Graded Exercises And Receive Feedback. Chapter X Includes Drawings Of Electronic Circuits And Components. This Book, Unlike Some Of The Available Books In The Market, Contains A Large Number Of Solved Examples Which Would Help Students Understand The Subject Better. Explanations Are Very Simple And Easy To Understand.Reference To Norms And Standards Have Been Made At Appropriate Places. Students Will Find This Book Useful Not Only For Passing Examinations But Even More In Reading And Interpreting Engineering Drawings During Their Professional Career.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122420258	A Textbook Of Organic Chemistry	Raj K Bansal		This book covers nearly all topics in Organic Chemistry taught upto the B.Sc. level. Topics like resonance, H-bond, hybridization, IUPAC nomenclature, acid-base theory of organic compounds, stereochemistry, structure reactivity relationship and spectroscopy have been introduced early in the book. Subsequent chapters deal with synthetic polymers, aliphatic and aromatic hydrocarbons, alcohols and phenols, ethers, aldehydes, carboxylic acids and their derivatives, amines, carbohydrates, organometallics and terpenes.These topics have been discussed in-depth and in a comprehensive manner. A great deal of attention has been focussed on chemical reactions and their mechanisms. The scope and limitations of the reactions have been stated. Certain topics of general interest namely C.N.G., L.P.G., simple drugs, DNA finger printing, PUFA, trans fatty acids, soaps and detergents, pesticides, industrial alcohols, coal tar, octane number, chromatography, and artificial sweeteners have been highlighted at appropriate places. Also included are approximately 900 in-text and end-of-the-chapter problems, and a set of Multiple Choice Questions (MCQ) at the end of each chapter. A glossary of important terms is also included. This book has been designed as a comprehensive textbook for students upto B.Sc. level.In addition, the book will be immensely useful for those preparing for competitive examinations like I.I.T., AIEEE, medical entrance and others.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122412284	Stochastic Models: Analysis and Applications	B. R. Bhat		The Book Presents A Systematic Exposition Of The Basic Theory And Applications Of Stochastic Models.Emphasising The Modelling Rather Than Mathematical Aspects Of Stochastic Processes, The Book Bridges The Gap Between The Theory And Applications Of These Processes.The Basic Building Blocks Of Model Construction Are Explained In A Step By Step Manner, Starting From The Simplest Model Of Random Walk And Proceeding Gradually To More Complicated Models. Several Examples Are Given Throughout The Text To Illustrate Important Analytical Properties As Well As To Provide Applications.The Book Also Includes A Detailed Chapter On Inference For Stochastic Processes. This Chapter Highlights Some Of The Recent Developments In The Subject And Explains Them Through Illustrative Examples.An Important Feature Of The Book Is The Complements And Problems Section At The End Of Each Chapter Which Presents (I) Additional Properties Of The Model, (Ii) Extensions Of The Model, And (Iii) Applications Of The Model To Different Areas.With All These Features, This Is An Invaluable Text For Post-Graduate Students Of Statistics, Mathematics And Operation Research.	2004-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122416282	Higher Surveying	A M Chandra		This Book Presents A Systematic And Contemporary Treatment Of The Theory And Applications Involved In Higher Surveying. It Also Highlights Some Of The Modern Developments In Geomatics.After Explaining The Basic Survey Operations, Triangulation And Trilateration, The Book Describes The Various Adjustment Methods Applied To Survey Measurement In Detail, Which Is Followed By Topographic, Hydrographic, Construction, And Route Surveying. As Engineers And Surveyors Need Knowledge Of Determining Absolute Coordinates Of Points And Directions Of Lines On The Earth'S Surface, A Detailed Discussion On Field Astronomy Is Presented In This Book. A Chapter On Map Projection Is Also Included In The Book.Recent Advances In Land Surveying Are Then Highlighted Including Photogrammetry And Photographic Interpretation. Remote-Sensing Technique Utilizing Data Acquired Through Satellites Is Also Explained.Recent Instrumentation Techniques And Methodologies Being Used In Geomatics Are Emphasized. These Cover A Range Of Modern Instruments Including Edm, Total Station, Laser-Based Instruments, Electronic Field Book, Gps, Automated Photogrammetric Systems, And Geographic Information System.A Large Number Of Worked-Out Examples, Illustrations, And Photographs Are Included For An Easy Grasp Of The Concepts.The Book Would Serve As An Excellent Text For Civil Engineering Students. Amie Candidates, And Surveyours. Practicing Engineers Would Also Find It Extremely Useful In Their Profession.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122403992	The elements of complex analysis	B. Choudhary		This Book Is Intended To Be A Simple And Easy Introduction To The Subject. It Is Meant As A Textbook For A Course In Complex Analysis At Postgraduate Level Of Indian Universities.Some Of The Welcome Features Of The Book Are: Proofs And Motivation For The Theory: Examples Are Provided To Illustrate The Concepts; Exercises Of Various Levels Of Difficulty Are Given At The End Of Every Chapter: Keeping In View The Applied Nature Of The Subject, Ordinary Linear Homogeneous Differential Equations Of The Second Order And Conformal Mapping And Its Applications Are Given More Attention Than Most Other Books: Uniform Approximation And Elliptic Functions Are Treated In Great Detail; There Is Also A Detailed Treatment Of Harmonic Functions, Weierstrass Approximation Theorem, Analytic Continuation, Riemann Mapping Theorem, Homological Version OfCauchys Theorem And Its Applications; Diagrams Are Provided Whenever Feasible To Help The Reader Develop Skill In Using Imagination To Visualise Abstract Ideas; Solutions To Some Selected Exercises Which Involve Lot Of New Ideas And Theoretical Considerations Have Been Provided At The End.	1993-09	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122410549	A Textbook Of Psychoanalytically Oriented Psychotherapy : Theory And Techniques	Satish Yadav		This Book Focuses Attention On Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy, And Presents Up-To-Date Theories And Techniques Essential To Practising Psychotherapists In A Setting Where Medical Treatment Is Being Subsidised. It Discusses The Need For A Theory In Practicing Psychoanalysis In The Traditional As Well As Changing Context Of Doctor - Patient Relationship. It Provides To Young Mental Health Trainees An Integrated Historical Contemporary Perspective. Lay Readers May Also Find This Book Of Great Interest Because Many People Think Psychoanalytic Treatment Is Too Much Expensive And Takes Several Years, As If This Is A Treatment With No Short-Cut And Promise Of Cure. Rather The Success Of Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy Depends Upon How The Patient And Therapist Handle The Therapeutic Contact, Commit To Meet On A Specific Timing Of Therapy, And How Much Task They Formulate To Accomplish In Stipulated Time.	1997-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122405415	Statistics and probability,a Raghu Raj Bahadur festschrift	J. K. Ghosh&Raghu Raj Bahadur		All The Four Editors Are Professors Of The Indian Statistical Institute Who Hold The Rank Of Distinguished Scientist. They Have Been Serving As Editors Of Sankhya, The Indian Journal Of Statistics For A Long Time. They Are Fellows Of The Indian National Science Academy And The Indian Academy Of Science. They Were Elected To The Membership Of The International Statistical Institute Of Which J.K. Ghosh Is Currently The President Elect. S.K. Mitra Is A Distinguished Scientist Emeritus. B.L.S. Prakasa Rao Is At Present The Director Of This Institute, J.K. Ghosh, K.R. Parthasarathy And B.L.S. Prakasa Rao Are All Recipients Of The Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize.	1993-01-01	Wiley Eastern						ZZZ000000
9788122416053	Composite Satellite And Cable Television	R. R. Gulati		The Present Edition Comprehensively Explains Satellite Transmission Of Television Signals, Reception At Cable Stations, Their Processing And Distribution To Subscribers. While Basic Phenomena Like Rf Wave Generation And Propagation, Microwave Techniques, Modulation-Detection, Antennas, Satellite Operations And Tv Systems Remain The Same But Signal Transmission And Reception In Digital Form Instead Of In Analog Needs Different Approach. For This, More Chapters As Listed Below Have Been Added In This Edition. * Video And Audio Signal Encoding To Convert Them To Binary Data Stream Before Transmission. * Data Compression Algorithms For Conserving Channel Width Which Otherwise Is Quite Large For Digital Transmission. * Conditional Access (Cas) Technique To Encrypt Video Data Stream To Limit Availability Of Pay Channels Only To Those Subscribers Who Make Additional Payment For Accessing Them. * Overview Of Digital Satellite Transmission And Reception. * Direct-To-Home (Dth) Television System. * High Definition Television (Hdtv). * Home Entertainment Television Theatres For Viewing Movies At Home On Large Screens.This Revised Edition Will Thus Become An Excellent Text Book For Students Pursuing Courses In The Area Of Entertainment Electronics. The Enhanced Coverage Will Be Equally Useful To Practicing Engineers And Technicians Engaged In Satellite Television Services.	2006-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122404111	Construction Planning And Management	P S Gahlot		In A Single Volume, This Book Presents A Comprehensive Account Of The Subject Matter For Construction Planning And Management. Each Chapter Is Preceded By Instructional Objectives In Order To Promote Well-Defined Study. References To Related Indian Standard Codes Of Practice Are Included. Numerous Questions And Solved Examples Along With Various Illustrations, Graphs And Tables Facilitate Clarity In Understanding The Subject An Immensely Useful Work For Students Of Civil Engineering In Polytechnics And Engineering Colleges.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417210	Financial Statement	Thomas Ittelson		You Don T Have To Be An Accountant Says Author Thomas Ittelson, But You Need To Be Able To Speak The Language To Know How Business Scores Are Kept, And How To Interpret Financial Results. Financial Statements Is The Perfect Guide For Every Non-Financial Manager Or Entrepreneur Who Needs To Know More About The Flow Of Cash And Product. Its Straightforward, Visual Style Takes The Mystery Out Of The Subject. Financial Statements Clues You In To Specialized Vocabulary, And Convinces You That It S Not Rocket Science, But A Convenient Standardized Way To Define Your Enterprise And Measure Its Performance.By First Clarifying How To Read The Three Major Financial Statements (Balance Sheet, Income Statement, And Cash Flow) Ittelson Lays The Groundwork For His Unique Approach. He Then Sets Up A Hypothetical Company And Follows Its Transactions From Startup Through The End Of The First Year, Illustrating Clearly The Financial Reporting Process For Each Transaction. The Simplicity And Unique Visual Approach Of The Presentation Give You The Confidence To Understand Financial Data And Use Them Intelligently To Make The Right Business And Management Decisions.This Special Low-Priced Edition Is For Sale In India, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal, Myanmar, Pakistan And Sri Lanka Only.	2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122410358	fire safety in building	V. K. Jain		Ever-Increasing Population And Demand Of Built-Up Spaces Have Constrained Our Society To Go For Compact And Multi-Storeyed Building Premises. In Metropolitan Cities, There Was No Choice For Town Planners But To Go For Vertical Expansion Rather Than Horizontal. The Net Result Was Construction Of Thousands Of Multi-Storeyed Complexes Which Needed Proper Fire Security Arrangements. Legislation Exists At Different Levels Incorporating Different Type Of Restrictions To The Designers And Occupiers Of The Building. A Vast Amount Of Guidelines Exists But Not Known To Everybody Engaged In The Field.This Book Is Designed To Cover This Gap And Will Be A Right Choice In This Direction. It Comprehensively Deals Not Only With The Fundamentals Of Fire Engineering Appends Different Building Bye-Laws And Relevant Abstracts From Bis And National Building Codes, Nfpa, Lpa, Tac, Etc. But Reviews Structural Safety, And Provides Sufficient Multi Disciplinary Guidelines For Selecting Proper Gadgets For Complete Fire Safety Of Building Complexes. A Complete Treatise On Fire Security Of Its Own Kind For The First Time In India.	2001	Taylor & Francis						ZZZ000000
9788122400069	Mathematical modelling	Jagat Narain Kapur		Each Chapter Of The Book Deals With Mathematical Modelling Through One Or More Specified Techniques. Thus There Are Chapters On Mathematical Modelling Through Algebra, Geometry, Trigonometry And Calculus, Through Ordinary Differential Equations Of First And Second Order, Through Systems Of Differential Equations, Through Difference Equations, Through Partial Differential Equations, Through Functional Equations And Integral Equations, Through Delay-Differential, Differential-Difference And Integro-Differential Equations, Through Calculus Of Variations And Dynamic Programming, Through Graphs, Through Mathematical Programming, Maximum Principle And Maximum Entropy Principle.Each Chapter Contains Mathematical Models From Physical, Biological, Social, Management Sciences And Engineering And Technology And Illustrates Unity In Diversity Of Mathematical Sciences.The Book Contains Plenty Of Exercises In Mathematical Modelling And Is Aimed To Give A Panoramic View Of Applications Of Modelling In All Fields Of Knowledge. It Contains Both Probabilistic And Deterministic Models.The Book Presumes Only The Knowledge Of Undergraduate Mathematics And Can Be Used As A Textbook At Senior Undergraduate Or Post-Graduate Level For A One Or Two- Semester Course For Students Of Mathematics, Statistics, Physical, Social And Biological Sciences And Engineering. It Can Also Be Useful For All Users Of Mathematics And For All Mathematical Modellers.	1988	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122420111	Organisational Behaviour	V.G. Kondalkar		Organizational Behaviour has assumed greater importance due to globalised economy, technical change and changed social and demographic environment. The book explains in detail the concepts of individual, group and organizational behaviour modification. Various theories have been explained in a scientific manner and have been supported by empirical research. The book is divided into four parts and written in Indian context. At the end of each chapter, a case has been given for better assimilation of the contents.	2007	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122415285	Material Science	S.L. Kakani		The Book Has Been Designed To Cover All Relevant Topics In B.E. (Mechanical/Metallurgy / Material Science / Production Engineering), M.Sc. (Material Science), B.Sc. (Honours), M.Sc. (Physics), M.Sc. (Chemistry), Amie And Diploma Students. Students Appearing For Gate, Upsc, Net, Slet And Other Entrance Examinations Will Also Find Book Quite Useful.In Nineteen Chapters, The Book Deals With Atomic Structure, The Structure Of Solids; Crystal Defects; Chemical Bonding; Diffusion In Solids; Mechanical Properties And Tests Of Materials; Alloys, Phase Diagrams And Phase Transformations; Heat Treatment; Deformation Of Materials; Oxidation And Corrosion; Electric, Magnetic, Thermal And Optical Properties; Semiconductors; Superconductivity; Organic Materials; Composites; And Nanostructured Materials.Special Features: * Fundamental Principles And Applications Are Discussed With Explanatory Diagrams In A Clear Way. * A Full Coverage Of Background Topics With Latest Development Is Provided. * Special Chapters On Nanostructured Materials, Superconductivity, Semiconductors, Polymers, Composites, Organic Materials Are Given . * Solved Problems, Review Questions, Problems, Short-Question Answers And Typical Objective Type Questions Alongwith Suggested Readings Are Given With Each Chapter.	2006-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417661	Organic Reactions Stereochemistry And Mechanism (Through Solved Problems)	P S Kalsi		The Book Provides A Self-Study Of Different Topics Of Organic Chemistry Viab Problem Solving. The Present 4Th Edition Has Been Completely Rewritten According To The Organic Chemistry Syllabus Of The Net (Csir) Examination. This Necessitated The Deletion Of Several Topics From The Third Edition And Incorporation Of New Ones. Emphasis Has Been Laid On A Variety Of New Reactions, Name Reactions, Reagents In Organic Synthesis And Incorporation Of Their Knowledge In The Entire Coverage Of Organic Chemistry In A Unique Way.A Thorough Study Of The Book Is Expected To Help The Student To Excel Not Only In The University Examination Including The Net Examination, But Also In His Learning Of Various Topics And Before Interview Boards. Several Topics Like Aromaticity, Pericyclic Reactions And Heterocyclic Chemistry Have Now Been Brought Up To Date And The Material Provided Is Complete In Itself.The Presentation Has Been So Designed So As To Thread Through The Entire Organic Chemistry By The Application Of The Knowledge Learnt In One Topic To Newer Situations In Other Topics. The Present Revised Edition Also Includes Numerous Important Developments Since The Third Edition Of The Book Was Published.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122405163	Hydraulics,laboratory manual	S. K. Likhi		The Experiments Described Are Required To Be Performed By Students Of Diploma Courses For The Course Hydraulics And By Students Of Degree Courses For The Course Fluid Mechanics-1.The Manual Explains The Procedure For Performing The Experiment. The Description Is In The Form Of A Detailed Laboratory Report. It Covers The Handling Of Apparatus, How To Take Observations And Present Results. The Book Includes Tables And Graph Sheets Where Observations Are To Be Recorded And Results Plotted. Students Are Required To Interpret The Results And Will Appreciate The Importance And Significance Of The Experiment To The Real-Life Situation.This Manual Will Save The Student The Bother Of Writing Out The Procedure, Drawing Tables And Purchasing Loose Graph Sheets (Including Log-Log Graph Sheets) For Pasting Into His Journal. The Book Will Form A Complete And Lasting Record Of His Work. It Will Cut Down The Time The Teacher Needs To Spend On Describing The Procedure.The Manual Will Be A Great Help To Both Teachers And Students.	1995-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122419573	Statistical Methods -An Introductory Text	J. Medhi		The Preface Elucidates That The Text Is Designed For Degree Courses In India. However, I Imagine That It Could Play A Useful Role For Those In Britain. It Is Mainly Intended As An Introductory Text For Those Studying Social Sciences And Economics. Individuals From Other Disciplines Would, No Doubt, Still Find It Useful As A General Reference.The Chapters Are Well Written And Easy To Follow. An Appealing Feature Of The Book Is That Much Emphasis Is Placed On The Understanding And Application Of Statistical Methods. There Is Avoidance Of Excessive Presentation Of Formulae. For These Reasons Alone I Think That Students Will Find The Text Attractive. Each Chapter Finishes With A Series Of Well-Formulated Questions, Which Test The Readers' Understanding.The Two Chapters On Statistical Inference And Tests Of Significance Are Excellent.It Is A Comprehensive And Interesting Text, One That I Think Most Students Would Find Useful. Indeed, It Is An Useful Addition To My Library, Having Already Referred To It Often. The Statistician, London, Vol. 45, No. 3 (1996).	2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122420050	A Textbook of Physical Chemistry	A. S. Negi		The Second Revised Edition Of The Book Is Intended To Meet The Requirement Of The Students Of Science, Engineering And Other Professional Courses At The Undergraduate Level. It Has Been Planned Strictly In Line With The Syllabi Of Various Indian Universities Who Have Adopted The New Ten-Plus-Two-Plus-Three Pattern Of Education. A New Chapter On Macromolecules Has Been Added, Thus Making A Total Of 27 Chapters In The Revised Edition. Chapters On Chemical Equilibrium, Colligative Properties, Atomic Structures, Chemical Bonding Have Been Thoroughly Reshuffled And Rewritten. Chaper 25 Has Been Rearranged And Divided Into Two Chapters Viz., Molecular Spectroscopy And Electrical And Magnetic Properties. New Sections Have Been Added To Chapters On Gaseous State, Colligative Properties, Electrolytic Conduction, Ionic Equilibria, Chemical Kinetics, Atomic Structure And Chemical Bonding. Other Chapters Have Also Been Modified And Redesigned.The Subject Matter Has Been Given In A Logical, Simple And Lucid Language. The Main Aim Has Been On Self Learning. Some More Diagrams And Illustrations Have Been Added In This Edition For Explaining The Basics And The Fundamentals Of The Subject. Conventional Problems In The Earlier Edition Have Been Dropped, But General And Objective Type Problems Are Retained. A Considerable Number Of Worked-Out Problems Have Been Included In Most Of The Chapters. These Would Expose The Students To Applications Of Various Concepts And Fundamentals Of The Subject.The Revised Text Largely Uses Si Units But Cgs Units Have Been Retained In Those Cases Where The Si Units Have Not As Yet Been Fully Appreciated.We Have Attempted To Present A Revised Text That Effectively Provides Clean, Accurate And Balanced Views On Various Topics To Grasp The Fundamentals Of The Subject More Clearly, Comprehensively And Concretely. The Book Should Meet The Requirements Of Students.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122412253	Water Supply And Sanitary Installations	A.C. Panchdhari		The Book Deals With Some Of The Elementary Aspects That We Regularly Come Across In Water Supply And Sanitary Installations. An Attempt Has Been Made To Compile Information On The Design, Construction And Maintenance Aspects Of The Subject. Some New Topics Related To This Area Have Been Added In Its Present Edition To Make The Book More Exhaustive And Comprehensive. The Book Will Be Useful For Teachers, Students And Professionals Dealing In Architecture, Building Construction, Design And Maintenance Of Services.	2005-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122409253	A Texbook Of Two Dimensional Geometry	Harbans Lal&Sat Pal		# Co-Ordinates# Equation Locus# Change Of Axes# Straight Line# Pair Of Straight Lines# Circle# Some Standard Curve# A Line And A Curve# Conic Sections# Parabola# Ellipse# Hyperbola# Tracing Of The General Conic# Polar Co-Ordinates.	1996-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122412420	Topics In Modern Optics	A S Parasnis&K R Sarma&R K Thareja		This Book Presents A Wide-Ranging Discussion Of The Various Facets Of Optics. The Basic Principles Have Been Systematically Discussed And Extensively Explained. Several Applications Of Optics Have Also Been Discussed To Provide A Practical Flavour Of The Subject.The Book Presents A Broad Insight Into The Subject And Would Be Extremely Useful For Students As Well As Researchers.	2000-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122408102	Fluorine Chemistry:An Introduction	R. C. Paul		The Much Awaited Treatise On Fluorine Chemistry Is Now Ready For Use. The Vast Experience Of Authors Led By Dr. R.C. Paul, Sc. D (Cantab), F.N.A. In Fluorine And Related Areas Of Work Ensures A Very Comprehensive And Indepth Coverage Of The Subject. The Book Written In A Simple Style Provides Extensive Coverage To Core Areas Of Fluorine Chemistry As Well As Dwells At Length On The Recent Developments And The Latest In Research On The Subject.Amongst The Notable Features Are The Details On Preparation And Synthesis Of Various Fluorine Compounds Including Metal As Well As Non-Metal Fluorides And Their Characteristics. Special Emphasis Has Been Laid On Organic-Fluoro Compounds And Fluorine Related Polymers, Which Have Vast Industrial Application.An Upto Date And A Comprehensive Bibliography At The End Would Be Of Immense Use To The Research Worker. The Book, Prepared Under The Ugc Project On Writing Of University Level Books And Monographs Includes The Suggestions Of Prof. H.J. Emeleus Of Cambridge And As Such, Will Be Found Useful By All, In The Class Room, The Research Laboratory As Well As The Industry.	1995-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122412154	Introductory Course On Theory And Practice Of Mechanical Vibrations	J. S. Rao&J. S. Rao K. Gupta		The Book Presents The Theory Of Free, Forced And Transient Vibrations Of Single Degree, Two Degree And Multi-Degree Of Freedom, Undamped And Damped, Lumped Parameter Systems And Its Applications. Free And Forced Vibrations Of Undamped Continuous Systems Are Also Covered. Numerical Methods Like Holzers And Myklestads Are Also Presented In Matrix Form. Finite Element Method For Vibration Problem Is Also Included. Nonlinear Vibration And Random Vibration Analysis Of Mechanical Systems Are Also Presented. The Emphasis Is On Modelling Of Engineering Systems. Examples Chosen, Even Though Quite Simple, Always Refer To Practical Systems. Experimental Techniques In Vibration Analysis Are Discussed At Length In A Separate Chapter And Several Classical Case Studies Are Presented.Though The Book Is Primarily Intended For An Undergraduate Course In Mechanical Vibrations, It Covers Some Advanced Topics Which Are Generally Taught At Postgraduate Level. The Needs Of The Practising Engineers Have Been Kept In Mind Too. A Manual Giving Solutions Of All The Unsolved Problems Is Also Prepared, Which Would Be Extremely Useful To Teachers.	2006-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122400724	Electrical measurements,fundamentals, concepts, applications	Martin U. Reissland		The Book Was Organized In The Presented Way To Avoid Unnecessary Repetitions And Particularly Not To Be In Need Of Citing Facts Of Chapters Ahead. This Approach Proved To Be Applicable From The Didactic Standpoint And It Allows A High Density Of Information Without Sacrificing The Easy Access To It. This Way The Level Of Presentation Gets Gradually More And More Demanding Finally Satisfying The Needs Of B.Sc. Students To Make Them Fit For Measurements.Problems Derived From Practice Are Integrated Parts Within The Sequence Ofpresentation. This Approach Is Of Engineering Nature Rather Than To Present Separate Tutorials.According To The State Of The Art Analog And Digital Instruments Are Equally Important. Quite Often They Are Combined In Measurement Apparatus. So They Should Have Equal Weights. The Practical Background Which Is Carefully Underlaid Throughout Is Paid Credit To By Combining Both Techniques.Even Sophisticated Equipment May Be Made Up Including Sensors For Non-Electrical Quantities. Their Output Voltages Or Currents May Be Transformed, Transferred, Or Otherwise Be Subjected To Certain Operations. This Means At The Same Time To Design Or To Select Special Transducers Or To Place Them Properly Into A Measurement System. To Meet The Challenge Which Derives From Practice Is A Major Goal For The Elaborated Methodology Of The Book Which Also Tries To Satisfy Common Academic Needs Of Other Fields Within The Scope Of Technical Sciences.	1989-01-01	bohem press						ZZZ000000
9788122420432	Computer Fundamentals Architecture and Organization	B. Ram		The Fourth Edition Of This Widely Used Book Includes Several New Topics To Make The Coverage More Comprehensive And Contemporary. The Book Presents An Exhaustive And Up-To-Date Exposition Of Cpus, Peripherals, Supporting Chips And Bus Standards. * The Coverage Of Architecture And Microprocessors Thoroughly Revised And Expanded To Include Contemporary Chips And Devices. * The Discussion Of Memory Expanded To Include Recent Developments Like Cache Memory, Sd Ram, Sg Ram, Smart Hard Disks, Super Floppy, Zip-Plus Drives, Dvd-Rom And Mo Disks. * Contemporary Input Devices And Printers Highlighted. * Software Section Expanded To Include Visual Basic, C++, Java, Oop, Sql, Windows, Linux And Ms-Office. * Biased Exponent Included And Present Day Computer Applications Highlighted.With Its Simple Style And Broad Coverage, This Book Is An Essential Text For Undergraduate Science And Engineering Students. Amie Candidates As Well As Bca, Mca And Pg-Dca Students Would Also Find It Very Useful.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122415582	Production And Operations Management	P Rama Murthy		This Book Is Specially Designed For B.Tech And Mba Students. It Explains In A Simple But Thorough Manner, The Fundamental Concepts And Techniques Involved In Both Production And Operations Management. Sufficient Examples Are Included Throughout The Text To Illustrate These Concepts And Techniques.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122418248	Accounting For Managers	Rao M.E. Thukaram		This Book Covers Exhaustively The Various Branches Of Accounting Followed By Different Organisation. The Book Is Divided Into 3 Sections Viz. (A) Financial Accounting (B) Cost Accounting And (C) Management Accounting. In All, There Are 40 Chapters Covered In This Book. The Book Deals With The Theoretical Aspects To Acquaint The Readers About The Basic Knowledge Of The Accounting Principles Involved In The Preparation Of Various Types Of Accounts. This Is Supported By Many Problems Down From The Question Papers Of Various Universities And Professional Institutes. The Problems Are Graded According To The Difficulty Level Involved. At The End Of Each Chapter, Few Theoretical Questions And Practical Problems With Answers Are Given To Enable Students To Test Their Understanding Ability.	2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122415179	Vibrational Spectroscopy: Theory And Applications	D. N. Sathyanarayana		Vibrational Spectroscopy Provides In A Very Readable Fashion A Comprehensive Account Of The Fundamental Principles Of Infrared And Raman Spectroscopy For Structural Applications To Inorganic, Organic And Coordination Compounds. Theoretical Analyses Of The Spectra By Normal Coordinate Treatment, Factor Group Analysis And Molecular Mechanics Are Delineated.The Book Features: * Coverage From First Principles To Recent Advances * Relatively Self-Contained Chapters * Experimental Aspects * Step By Step Treatment Of Molecular Symmetry And Group Theory * Recent Developments Such As Non-Linear Raman Effects * Comprehensive Treatment Of Rotation Spectroscopy * Band Intensities * Spectra Of Crystals * End-Of-Chapter Exercises.Suitable For Students And Researchers Interested In The Field Of Vibrational Spectroscopy. No Prior Knowledge Of Concepts Specific To Vibrational Spectroscopy Is Necessary. Mathematical Background Such As Matrices And Vectors Are Provided.	2007	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417890	Management in New Age Western Windows Eastern Doors	Subhash Sharma		Increased Global Contacts Have Necessitated That Western Managers Acquire Greater Understanding Of The Eastern Doors , And Eastern Managers Look Beyond The Western Windows . Concepts And Frameworks Presented In The Book Arise From This View For A New Combination Of Management Ideas From The West And The East To Facilitate Holistic Globalization .Using The Methodology Of Position-Opposition-Proposition, Discussion-Dialogue-Discourse And The Innovative Idea Of Sabdh Yoga , This Book Looks At Various Perspective Related To Society, Organizations And Individuals With Which Managers In The New Age Have To Contend. Accordingly, The Foundations Of The Management In New Age Are Based On Holistic Development And Management (Hdm), Human Quality Development (Hqd) And Total Quality Of Mind (Tqm).The Book Explores The Interlink Ages Between Management Thought, Social Discourse And Spiritual Concerns That Constitute Three Foundational Themes Of The Book. Through An Integration Of Market, Society And Self, It Articulates The Vision Of Sacro-Civic Society And Sacro-Civic Nations Rooted In Harmony Paradigm That Aims At A New Balance Between Utilitarian, Ecotarian And Ethicotarian Philosophies Of Life. It Suggests The Need For A Paradigm Shift From, Survival Of The Fittest To Eliminate The Rest To Arrival Of The Best To Lead The Rest .	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122416091	Managerial Economics And Financial Analysis	S. A. Siddiqui		The Present Book Is Not The Revised Version, A Patch Work Of The Old Book. It Is Originally Designed To Meet The Specific Needs Of The New Syllabus Of Jntu For The Students Of B.Tech. In Other Words It Is The Spontaneous Overflow Of Authors Experience With The Syllabus.Generating And Developing Scientific And Logical Approach Towards The Subject, Taking Into Consideration The Level Of Learners. * Discussing The Subject Matter Adequately, Comprehensively And Thoroughly. * Discussing Very Large Number Of Illustrations Concerning Practical Problems In Economics, Accountancy And Financial Analysis. Sufficient Diagrams, Graphs And Flow Charts Are Given To Substantiate The Subject Matter. * Summarising Every Lesson Under The Heading Summarised View Of The Lesson, So That Learners Could Make A Revision At A Glance. * Classifying Assignments As Multiple Choice Questions For On Line Examination, Evaluation At A Glance And Self Assessment Questions. * Mentioning Questions From Previous Managerial Economics And Principles Of Accountancy (Mepa) And Current Managerial Economics And Financial Analysis.	2006-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122411645	Linear Systems Analysis	A N Tripathi		This Book Is Designed To Serve As A Textbook For A First Course In Linear Systems Analysis, Which Is Usually Offered At The Second Year Level Of The B.Tech. Programme. It Is Primarily Addressed To The Students Of Electrical, Electronics And Computer Engineering But Could As Well Serve The Needs Of Students From Other Areas.The Course Material Is Well Tried For Over Two Decades Of Class Room Teaching. The Main Emphasis Is On Developing Conceptual Understanding Of The Modelling Process Of Physical Systems And The Different Techniques For Their Analysis. Efforts Have Been Made To Interpret Mathematical Results In Terms Of Their Engineering Significance. The Exercises Challenge The Students To Develop Their Analytical Skills By Exploring New Areas.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417371	Graph Theory with Applications	C. Vasudev		Salient Features * Over 1500 Problems Are Used To Illustrate Concepts, Related To Different Topics, And Introduce Applications. * Over 1000 Exercises In The Text With Many Different Types Of Questions Posed. * Precise Mathematical Language Is Used Without Excessive Formalism And Abstraction. * Care Has Been Taken To Balance The Mix Of Notation And Words In Mathematical Statements. * Problem Sets Are Stated Clearly And Unambiguously, And All Are Carefully Graded For Various Levels Of Difficulty. * This Text Has Been Carefully Designed For Flexible Use.	2006-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122426779	Advances In Diet Therapy	V. Vimala		About the Book: In this manual, the author has tried to unfold before the students about the role of diet in the management of various disorders in a nutshell. Starting from basics, this manual covers recent advances in the dietary management of various disorders like obesity, diseases of gastrointestinal tract, liver, gall bladder, kidney, heart and circulatory system and Diabetes-Mellitus.  This manual has been written for postgraduate students of foods and nutrition (Home Science). But the manual will be very useful for upcoming teachers, dietitians and undergraduate students of Home Science who are specialising in dietetics. The students of dietetics will find this manual a useful tool in gaining practical exposure to dietary management of diseases before entering hospitals as full pledged registered dietitians.  About the Author: Prof. Vimala was born in Chittoor, Andhra Pradesh in 1945. She has graduated in Home Science from S.I.E.T. Women's College, Madras University and completed her Ph.D. in Foods and Nutrition from S.V. University, Tirupati. She was a faculty member of department of Foods and Nutrition, College of Home Science, ANGRAU, Andhra Pradesh for thirty years and gained vast experience in teaching, research and extension. She has manned several projects funded by national and international organisations. During her eventful career, she is recipient of University award (1986), State award (1998) and National award (1999 ICAR) for best teacher. Professor Vimala's interest lies in spreading nutrition knowledge through expert counselling. At present, she has retired from service of ANGRAU, but not from voluntary service for upliftment of rural women.	2009	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122418590	High Voltage Engineering	C.L. Wadhwa		High Voltage Engineering Has Been Written For The Undergraduate Students In Electrical Engineering Of Indian And Foreign Universities As Well As The Practising Engineers. It Deals In Mechanism Of Breakdown Of Insulating Materials, Generation And Measurement Of High A.C., D.C., Impulse Voltages And Currents. High Voltage Testing Of Some Of The Electrical Equipments E.G. Insulators, Cables, Transformers As Per Standard Specifications Has Been Explained. Various Methods Of Non Destructive Testing Which Yield Information Regarding Life Expectancy And The Long Term Stability Or Otherwise Of The Insulating Materials Have Been Discussed. The Book Takes A View Of Various Types Of Transients In Power System And Suggests Classical And More Modern Statistical Methods Of Co-Ordinating The Insulation Requirements Of The System.A Suitable Number Of Problems Have Been Solved To Help Understand The Theory. At The End, A Large Number Of Multiple Choice Questions Have Been Added To Help The Students To Test Themselves. A Few Photoplates Have Been Added At Suitable Locations In The Book To Give A Physical Feel Of Various Equipments In A Well Equipped High Voltage Laboratory.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122420364	Network Analysis & Synthesis (Including Linear System Analysis)	C.L. Wadhwa		This Book Has Been Designed As A Basic Text For Undergraduate Students Of Electrical, Electronics And Communication And Computer Engineering. In A Systematic And Friendly Manner, The Book Explains Not Only The Fundamental Concepts Like Circuit Elements, Kirchhoff S Laws, Network Equations And Resonance, But Also The Relatively Advanced Topics Like State Variable Analysis, Modern Filters, Active Rc Filters And Sensitivity Considerations.Salient Features * Basic Circuit Elements, Time And Periodic Signals And Different Types Of Systems Defined And Explained. * Network Reduction Techniques And Source Transformation Discussed. * Network Theorems Explained Using Typical Examples. * Solution Of Networks Using Graph Theory Discussed. * Analysis Of First Order, Second Order Circuits And A Perfect Transform Using Differential Equations Discussed. * Theory And Application Of Fourier And Laplace Transforms Discussed In Detail. * Interconnections Of Two-Port Networks And Their Performance In Terms Of Their Poles And Zeros Emphasised. * Both Foster And Cauer Forms Of Realisation Explained In Network Synthesis. * Classical And Modern Filter Theory Explained. * Z-Transform For Discrete Systems Explained. * Analogous Systems And Spice Discussed. * Numerous Solved Examples And Practice Problems For A Thorough Graph Of The Subject. * A Huge Question Bank Of Multiple Choice Questions With Answers Exhaustively Covering The Topics Discussed.With All These Features, The Book Would Be Extremely Useful Not Only For Undergraduate Engineering Students But Also For Amie And Gate Candidates And Practising Engineers.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122406610	Solid-state fermentation	Ashok Pandey&Regional Research Laboratory (Trivandrum&India)		Papers presented at Specialist Group Meeting & Symposium on Solid State Fermentation, held at Trivandrum, during March 23-24, 1994, organized by the Regional Research Laboratory, Trivandrum.	1994	Wiley Eastern						ZZZ000000
9788184895612	Network Models And Optimization: Multiobjective Genetic Algorithm Approach	Gen		Network models are critical tools in business, management, science and industry. Network models and optimization: Multiplicative Genetic Algorithm Approach presents and insightful, comprehensive, and up-to-date treatment of multiple objective genetic algorithms to network optimization problems in many disciplines, such as engineering, computer science, operations research, transportation,telecommunication, and manufacturing.	2010	Springer International						ZZZ000000
9788184895636	Rfid Security And Privacy: Concepts, Protocols, And Architectures	Henrici		RFID technology is already used widely and is increasingly becoming a part of daily life. However, issues regrading security and privacy with respect to RFID technology have not been resolved satisfactorily.	2010	New Age Intl						ZZZ000000
9788184895599	Value-Range Analysis Of C Programs: Towards Proving The Absence Of Buffer Overflow Vulnerabilities	Simon		The use of static analysis techniques to prove the partial correctness of c code has recently attaracted much attention due to the high cost of software errors- particularly with respect to security vulnerabillities.	2010	springer						ZZZ000000
9788184895629	Oppositional Concepts In Computational Intelligence	Tizhoosh		This volume is motivated in part by the observation that opposites permeate everything around us, in some form or another. its study has attracted the attention of countless minds for at least 2500 years. However, due to th lack of an acepted mathematical formalism for opposition i has not been explicitly studied to any great length in field outside of philosophy and logic.	2010	Springer International						ZZZ000000
9788122407730	Linear multi-input-output control	Yashoda Shriganesh Apte		Linear Multi-Input-Output Control Is A Book Useful To Practicing Engineers As Well As To The Students And Academician Of The Field Of Linear Feedback Control Systems With Multiple Inputs And Outputs. The Book Enables The Reader To Design Controllers For Mimo System To Achieve The Pole Assignment And/Or Decoupling And/Or Model Matching. The Design Techniques Are Based On Properties And The Computation And Analysis Of The Transient And Steady State Performances Are Discussed Thoroughly. The Theory Is Illustrated By Ample Numerical Examples And Exercises. One Full Chapter Is Devoted To Illustrate The Complete Design Procedure For A Practical System. The Numerical Solutions Are Obtained On Computer Using Software Developed For The Design And Analysis Techniques Developed In The Book.	1996-01-01	New Age International Limited						ZZZ000000
9788122408744	Computer Graphics For Scientists And Engineers	R G S Asthana&N K Sinha		The Purpose Of This Book Is To Provide An Introductory Text For Understanding The Fundamental Principles Of Computer Graphics. Some Salient Features Are Chapters On Data Structures Along With Examples For Manipulating Pictures/Graphical Objects; Interactive Graphics Covering Input/Output Devices And Systems That Facilitate The Man-Machine Graphic Communication With Emphasis On Device-Independent Graphic Programming; 2-D And 3-D Graphics; Applications Of Graphics To Real-Life Problems, Such As Business Graphics, Graph Plotting, Line Drawing, Image Animation, 3-D Solid-Modeling, Fractals And Multi-Media. This Edition Includes Chapters On Multi-Media And Virtual Reality.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417067	Heterocyclic chemistry	Raj K. Bansal		Heterocyclic Chemistry Is Designed As A Textbook For A Course On The Chemistry Of Heterocyclic Compounds. The Book Has Been Thoroughly Revised Taking Into Consideration The Recent Research Work Published On The Subject Over The Past Several Years. Simultaneously The Views Of The Critics Who From, Time To Time, Pointed Out The Need For Refinement Of Several Sections In The Book Have Been Particularly Taken Into Account. In This New Edition, Special Attention Has Been Focussed On Several Factors Such As Stereochemistry, Reaction Mechanism And New Reagents Of Synthesis. New Methodology Of Synthesis Using Sonication, Phase Transfer Catalysis And Techniques Of Preparing Enantiomeric Compounds Have Been Included. New Problems From The Recent Literature Have Been Included At The End Of Each Chapter. Bibliography Has Been Updated. This Book Will Prove Useful To Students At All Levels.	2005	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122416930	Design Of R.C.C. Structural Elements	S.S. Bhavikatti		Indian Standard Code Of Practice Is-456 For The Design Of Main And Reinforced Concrete Was Revised In The Year 2000 To Incorporate Durability Criteria In The Design. As A Result Of It Many Codal Provisions Have Been Changed. Hence There Is Need To Train Engineering Students In Designing Reinforced Cement Concrete Structures As Per The Latest Code Of Is -456. With His Experience Of More Than 40 Years In Teaching, The Author Has Tried To Bring Out Students And Teachers Friendly Book On The Design Of Rcc Structures As Per Is-456: 2000.Rcc Design Is A Vast Subject. It Is Normally Taught In Two To Three Courses For Civil Engineering Students. This Book Is For The First Course In Rcc Design And Author Is Writing Another Book Advanced Rcc Design To Meet The Requirement Of Further Courses. This Book Deals With Design Philosophy And Design Of Various Structural Components Of Building. The Design Procedure Is Clearly Explained And Illustrated With Several Examples By Presenting The Solutions Step By Step In Details And With Neat Sketches Showing Reinforcement Details.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122412383	Information systems analysis and design,a modern approach to systems development	Ram Bansal 'vigyacharya'		This Book Presents A Comprehensive Yet Compact Exposition Of The Complete System Development Cycle. A Modern Approach To The Entire Process, From Analysis To System Management, Has Been Adopted Throughout The Book. Basic Concepts And Techniques Involved In Analyzing, Designing And Implementing A System Are Thoroughly Explained And Illustrated Through Real-Life Examples. Important Concepts Are Further Clarified Through An Extensive Use Of Diagrams. Each Chapter Ends With A Set Of Questions Designed To Test The Readers Understanding.Salient Features * Explains The System Implementation Process And Techniques * Highlights The Application Of Case Tools To Real-Life Problems Confronting The System Engineer * Presents The Basic Techniques In Modern Design Practices * Includes Chapters On Project And Systems Management * Highlights The Hardware Considerations Involved In System Design And DevelopmentAll These Features Make This Book An Ideal Text For Computer Science And Applications, Business Management Andaccountancy Students. Practising System Designers And Engineers Would Also Find It Extremely Useful.	2000-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122408805	Elements Of Ordinary Differential Equations And Special Functions	A. Chakrabarty		Ordinary Differential Equations And Special Functions Form A Central Part In Many Branches Of Physics And Engineering. A Large Number Of Books Already Exist In These Areas And Informations Are Therefore Available In A Scattered Form. The Present Book Tries To Bring Out Some Of The Most Important Concepts Associated With Linear Ordinary Differential Equations And The Special Functions Of Frequent Occurrence, In A Rather Elementary Form.The Methods Of Obtaining Series Solution Of Second Order Linear Ordinary Differential Equations Near An Ordinary Point As Well As Near A Regular Singular Point Have Been Explained In An Elegant Manner And, As Applications Of These Methods, The Special Functions Of Hermite And Bessel Have Been Dealt With.The Special Functions Of Legendre And Laguerre Have Also Been Discussed Briefly. An Appendix Is Prepared To Deal With Other Special Functions Such As The Beta Function, The Gamma Function, The Hypergeometric Functions And The Chebyshev Polynomials In A Short Form.The Topics Involving The Existence Theory And The Eigenvalue Problems Have Also Been Discussed In The Book To Create Motivation For Further Studies In The Subject.Each Chapter Is Supplemented With A Number Of Worked Out Examples As Well As A Number Of Problems To Be Handled For Better Understanding Of The Subject. R Contains A List Of Sixteen Important Books Forming The Bibliography.In This Second Edition The Text Has Been Thoroughly Revised.	2006-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122407310	Nonlinear process control	M. Chidambaram		This Book Is Intended For Researchers In Process Control And Applied Mathematics. It Can Also Serve As A Textbook For Graduate Students Interested In Nonlinear Control Theory.After Discussing The Basic Design Method Of Model Reference Nonlinear Controller (Mrnc), The Book Deals With The Incorporation Of Explicit Integral And Derivative Actions In The Control Law. Extension Of The Method To Systems With Relative Order Two And Higher Is Provided. The Design Of Series Cascade Mrnc Systems And Parallel Cascade Mrnc Systems Are Given.Extensions Of Mrnc For Systems With Significant Measurement Dynamics Or Actuator Dynamics Are Made. The Design Method Of Mrnc For Systems With Delay In Measurement Or In Actuator Is Provided.Simulation Studies On Several Nonlinear Processes Prove The Effectiveness Of The Mrnc.	1995	Wiley						ZZZ000000
9788122419023	Plane Surveying	A M Chandra		The Book Provides A Lucid And Step-By-Step Treatment Of The Various Principles, Methods And Instruments Involved In Land Surveying. Modern Methods And Techniques Are Emphasised Throughout The Text.After Presenting The Basic Concepts And Definitions, The Book Explains Errors In Survey Measurement And Their Propagation. Survey Measurements Are Detailed Next. These Include Horizontal And Vertical Distances, Slope, Elevation, Angle And Direction. Measurement Using Stadia Tacheometry Is Then Highlighted, Followed By Contouring And Uses Of Contours In Civil Engineering Projects.Traversing Is Then Explained, Followed By A Detailed Discussion Of Plotting Of Maps By Plane Tabling. The Use Of Tangent Clinometer In Plane Tabling Has Been Suitably HighlightedThe Book Then Explains The Calculation Of Areas And Volumes From The Survey Measurements. The Last Chapter Features Various Types Of Curves And Includes A Variety Of Field Problems In Setting Out The Curves.Suitable Diagrams, Illustrative Examples And Practice Problems Are Included Throughout The Book.The Book Would Serve As An Excellent Text For Degree And Diploma Students Of Civil Engineering. Amie Candidates, And Practicing Engineers Would Also Find This Book Extremely Useful.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122416954	Dynamic Asset Pricing Theory	Darrell Duffie		This Is A Thoroughly Updated Edition Of Dynamic Asset Pricing Theory, The Standard Text For Doctoral Students And Researchers On The Theory Of Asset Pricing And Portfolio Selection In Multi-Period Settings Under Uncertainty. The Asset Pricing Results Are Based On Three Increasingly Restrictive Assumptions: Absence Of Arbitrage, Single-Agent Optimality, And Equilibrium. These Results Are Unified With Two-Key Concepts, State Prices And Martingales. Technicalities Are Given Relatively Little Emphasis, So As To Draw Connections Between These Concepts And To Make Plain The Similarities Between Discrete And Continuous-Time Models.Readers Will Be Particularly Intrigued By This Latest Edition'S Most Significant New Feature: A Chapter On Corporate Securities That Offers Alternative Approaches To The Valuation Of Corporate Debt. Also, While Much Of The Continuous-Time Portion Of The Theory Is Based On Brownian Motion, This Third Edition Introduces Jumps-For Example, Those Associated With Poisson Arrivals-In Order To Accommodate Surprise Events Such As Bond Defaults. Applications Include Term-Structure Models, Derivative Valuation, And Hedging Methods. Numerical Methods Covered Include Monte Carlo Simulation And Finite-Difference Solutions For Partial Differential Equations. Each Chapter Provides Extensive Problem Exercises And Notes To The Literature. A System Of Appendixes Reviews The Necessary Mathematical Concepts. And References Have Been Updated Throughout. With This New Edition, Dynamic Asset Pricing Theory Remains At The Head Of The Field.This Special Low-Priced Edition Is For Sale In India, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal, Myanmar, Pakistan And Sri Lanka Only.	2005-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122413700	Success And Beyond	R. S. Dabas		This Book Takes You To New Levels Of Self-Awareness And Helps You Discover Your Real Identity, Reach Greater Heights And Attain Fulfilment By Tapping The Truly Amazing Power That Lies Within You.The Book Provides Endless Inspiration, Comprehensive, Proven And Powerful Techniques Like Self-Empowerment, Personality Profiling (Mbti), Mind Re-Programming (Nlp), Lateral Thinking, Emotional Intelligence (Eq) And Mind Management.With The Help Of Outstanding Stories Of Famous And Successful People, Knowledge And Wisdom From East And West, Dabas Has Shared An Approach To Life That Will Help You Not Only Realize Your Cherished Dreams But Also Transform The Stresses Of Everyday Life Into Meaningful Existence, Self-Development, Happiness, Inner Peace And Self-Fulfilment.	2002-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122411461	Differential Calculus	H. S. Dhami		Differential Calculus, An Outgrowth Of The Problems Concerned With Slope Of Curved Lines And The Areas Enclosed By Them Has Developed So Much That Texts Are Required Which May Lead The Students Directly To The Heart Of The Subject And Prepare Them For Challenges Of The Field. The Present Book Is An Attempt In This Regard. An Excellent Book On Differential Calculus This Book Has Been Meticulously Planned And Numerous Solved Examples Have Been Selected To Make The Subject Interesting; Besides Problems Are Given At The End Of Each Main Theorem Which Supplement The Text And By Solving Them The Reader Can Judge His Level Of Understanding Of The Given Facts.Exercises Have Been Framed By Arranging Questions In Such A Manner That After Doing Illustrative Examples, One Should Not Feel Difficulty In Solving Any Problem. Considerable Material Has Been Included Here That Covers A Large Number Of Courses. This Has Been Done To Make The Book More Flexible, To Provide A Useful Book Of Reference And To Stimulate Further Interest In The Topics.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417203	Advances In Behaviour Economics	Camerer Colin F		Twenty Years Ago, Behavioral Economics Did Not Exist As A Field. Most Economists Were Deeply Skeptical Even Antagonistic Toward The Idea Of Importing Insights From Psychology Into Their Field. Today, Behavioral Economics Has Become Virtually Mainstream. It Is Well Represented In Prominent Journals And Top Economics Departments, And Behavioral Economists, Including Several Contributors To This Volume, Have Garnered Some Of The Most Prestigious Awards In The Profession. This Book Assembles Of Most Important Writing On Behavioral Economics Published Since Around 1990. Among The Twenty-Five Essays Are Many That Update And Extend Earlier Foundational Contributions, As Well As Cutting-Edge Ones That Break New Theoretical And Empirical Ground. Advances In Behavioral Economics Will Serve As The Definitive Single-Volume Resource For Those Who Want To Familiarize Themselves With The New Field Or Keep Up-To-Date With The Latest Developments. It Will Not Only Be A Core Text For Students, But Will Be Consulted Widely By Professional Economists, As Well As Psychologists And Social Scientists With An Interest In How Behavioral Insights Are Being Applied In Economics.This Special Low-Priced Edition Is For Sale In India, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal, Myanmar, Pakistan And Sri Lanka Only.	2006-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122417777	Prospects and perspective of solid waste management	B. B. Hosetti		The Subject Of Waste Management Has Been Grown To The Status Of Maturity In All Developed Countries. Every Year, New Techniques Are Being Developed To Recover The Energy And Recycle The Materials. The Nations Like Usa, Australia, Norway And Western Europe Are Handling Their Solid Wastes In A Scientific And Hygienic Way. However, In Most Of The Developing World, Of Africa, Asia And Eastern European Nations, The Collection, Transportation And Disposal Of Solid Waste Is Still At Its Lowest Ebb. In Usa, Though The Technology For Handling Of The Solid Waste Is Available, The Wastes Are Mostly Managed By Land Filling (70%) And Incineration With Or Without Energy Recovery. It Means A Major Share Of The Source Is Wasted. Only 30-31% Of The Waste Materials Are Recovered.In Contrast To This, In Developing Countries Like India 60-70% Of The Materials Are Recovered And Reused Mostly By The Informal Sector Without Application Of Any Art Of Technology. There Is No National Level Data Are Available On Solid Waste Management In Those Countries. Often The Waste Is Open Burnt Or Land Filled In The Low-Lying Areas. The Unscientific Way Of Waste Management Pose The Risk Of Diseases To Humans And Also Degrade The Environment. The Toxic Smoke Containing, Furans And Dioxins Are Released After The Burning Of Trash, Leading To The Rise In Carcinogenic Trace Gases In The Atmosphere.In The Present Context, The Us Is Conveniently Taken As A Representative Of Developed World And India Representing Developing Countries And The Book Is Designed Into 6-7 Chapters. Chapter 1 Deals With The General Aspects And Basic Principles Of Solid Waste Management. Chapter 2 Deals With The Solid Waste Management In Usa And Solid Waste Management In India Is Dealt In Chapter 3 Respectively. Details About Plastic Waste Management In Us, India And Rest Of The World Are Explained In Chapter 4. Management Of Biomedical Waste Is Collated And Provided In Chapter 5 And Chapter 6 Deals With The Hazardous Waste Management.The Subject Of Solid Waste Management And Urban Agriculture Is Provided In Chapter 7 And The Chapter 8 Narrates The Comparative Aspects Of Waste Management In Us And India. It Is Observed That A Good Number Of Books Are Available On The Technologies And Principles Of Waste Treatment, However Meager Titles Exist On Waste Management. Hence Book Is An Appropriate Attempt To Fill The Lacunae. This Book Will Be Useful To Undergraduate And Graduate Students, Environmental Managers And The General Public As Well.	2006-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122414097	Logic and Prolog Programming	Saroj Kaushik		This Book Presents A Systematic Exposition Of Formal Logic, Evolution Of Logic Programming And The Features Of Prolog Programming Language. It Covers Both Propositional And Predicate Logic And Explains Various Approaches Towards Validity, Inconsistency Of Logic Formulae And Problem Solving.After Explaining The Basic Concepts And Rules In Logic, The Book Present Logic Programming And Introduces Prolog. The Various Features Of Prolog Are Suitably Highlighted And Programming Techniques Are Explained In Detail With Illustrative Examples.The Book Further Explains Control Primitives And Meta Level Programming. The Text Includes A Large Number Of Solved Examples To Illustrate The Concepts And Techniques. Review Exercises Are Given At The End Of Each Chapter.The Book Would Serve As An Excellent Text For Undergraduate And Postgraduate Computer Science And Engineering Students Pursuing Courses On Artificial Intelligence And Expert Systems.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122420128	Heat and Mass Transfer Data Book	C.P. Kothandaraman		The Aim Of This Book Is To Present To The Students, Teachers And Practising Engineers, A Comprehensive Collection Of Various Material Property Data And Formulae In The Field Of Heat And Mass Transfer. The Material Is Organized In Such A Way That A Reader Who Has Gone Through The Engineering Curriculum Could Easily Use The Formulae And Data Presented In Heat Transfer Calculations. Hence, This Compilation Is Primarily Intended As An Adjunct To A Standard Text.The Data Book Devotes Considerable Space To The Property Values Of Materials Solids, Liquids And Gases That Are Commonly Used In Heat Transfer Situations. Property Values For Various Materials At Different Temperatures Are Given For The Use Of Designers.The Formulae For Conduction, Convection, Radiation, Boiling, Condensation, Freezing, Melting, Heat Exchangers And Mass Transfer Are Arranged In An Easily Usable Tabular Form With Symbols And Units Explained Alongside. The Limitations And Restrictions In The Use Of Empirical Relationships Are Also Mentioned Alongside. The Empirical Formulae And Charts Have Been Selected.Suggestions Received Since The Appearance Of The Fifth Edition Have Been Incorporated, As Far As Possible, In The New Edition. A Number Of Charts And Data Have Been Added To Enhance The Value Of The Book. The Presentation On Convection Has Been Enlarged, Taking Into Account The Recent Publications. This Book Is A Comprehensive Collection Of Heat Transfer Information In Si Units For Students And Practitioners.	2007-12-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417272	They Don'T Teach Corporate In College	Sanjeev Chopra		When Straight-A Student Alexandra Levit Graduated From College, She Was Hell-Bent On Skipping Up New York City S Corporate Ladder. But After Six Months On The Job, Levit Was So Stressed Out That She Was Ready To Ditch The Corporate World Completely And Head To Graduate Or Law School. Eventually, By Sticking Around And Paying Attention To The Few People Around Her Who Weren T Dropping From Stress-Induced Coronaries, Levit Developed Many Of The Skills That Are Crucial To Staying Sane And Building A Career. By Her Mid-Twenties, She Had Been Promoted Four Times.Salient Features * Unorthodox But Proven Job-Hunting Techniques * Making A Memorable First Impression * Navigating A Company'S Social Scene * Practicing Cringe-Free Networking * Mastering Goal-Setting And Self-Promotion * Mastering Goal-Setting And Self-Promotion * Combating Negativity * Coping With Difficult Personalities * Finding A New Position, And Gracefully Exiting From The OldThis Special Low-Priced Edition Is For Sale In India, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal, Myanmar, Pakistan And Sri Lanka Only.	2006-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122416237	The Business Of Banking	Geoffrey Lipscombe		This Is A Succinct And User-Friendly Guide To The Transformation Of The Financial Services Industry. It Provides An Easy To Follow Account Of The Changing Financial Services Environment And Examines The Radical Impact Of Downsizing, Technology And Regulation.As Well As An Increasing Diversity Of Companies Selling Financial Products The Industry Is Also Coming To Terms With And Starting To Benefit From Technology As A Means Of Marketing Itself And Establishing A Relationship With Its Customers. This Up-To-Date Description Of Financial Institutions, Systems And Markets Alongside An Introduction To Payments Systems, Lending And The Law Makes This A Unique Introductory Text.The Business Of Banking Is An Ideal Book For Any Student Of Business And Finance. It Is Based On A Text Which Has Been Used For Several Years By Student On An Introductory Course Run As Part Of A Business And Finance Degree At Loughborough University.This Special Low-Priced Edition Is For Sale In India, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal, Myanmar, Pakistan And Sri Lanka Only.	2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122417944	Electronic Components And Processes	Preeti Maheshwari		This Concise And Comprehensive Text Will Present The Students With A Single Book Containing All The Essential Theories On The Subject. Using An Interdisciplinary Approach, The Book Encompasses The Three Main Aspects Of The Subject, Namely, Electronic Material, Component And Processes.Throughout The Book, Stress Has Been Given On Fundamental Concepts Through Illustrative Examples. It Is Kept In Consideration To Use Simple And Lucid Language Keeping In View The Different Language Background Of Students.The Book Is Primarily Aimed At Serving The Acute Demand Of The Students Of Ece, Ee, Eic, Electrical Engg. And Diploma, Searching Useful Matter On Electronic Materials, Components And Processes . The Book Covers Each And Every Topic As Per The Syllabus Of University Of Rajasthan, Of Third Semester B.E./B.Tech. Courses, But With Its Wide Coverage And Easily Comprehensible Style, The Book Would Also Be Immensely Useful For Engineering Undergraduates Of Other Indian Technical Universities.	2008	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122416909	Environmental Education And Solid Waste Management	A. Nag		The Globe We Live In Have Two Types Of Environments, One Is Natural Environment Of Air, Soil, Water, Hills, Trees (Abiotic), Etc., And The Other One Is Plant, Animals (Biotic), Etc., Which Is To Called Social Environment. Man Has Managed To Create Comfortable Habitat, Using Science And Technology, Religion And Politics. In Fact Both The Environments Are Lively And Lovely. But With Comfort Comes Propagation, The Biological Growth Qualitative And Quantitative, Resulting In Unhealthy By- Products, Which Are In The Form Of Solid, Liquid And Gaseous. Soon We Find Our Paradise Is Transformed Into Inferno By Our Own Activities.This Text Is The Story Of Such Human Behaviour, Its Enormity, And A Modest Gesture To Think How To Avoid Catastrophe. It Is The Awareness Of The Undesirable Changes Occurring Around Us That Has Led To The Study Of Pollution Of Different Kinds. Abiotic Industrial Residues On The Other Hand May Not Be Of Immediate Hazard To Animal Life But Pose Eco Incompatibility In The Time Scale. The Legislation Is There And Is Desirable To Limit The Proliferation Of Solid Waste Out Of Bounds. But No Amount Of Legislation Is Enough Until The Public Awareness And Feeling For Fellowmen Are Not There To Improve The Quality Of Life.Though Management Is The Final Aim Of This Story, In The First Chapter We Will Try To Identify Different Aspects Of Environment Where We Live. The Next Three Chapters Are Based On Different Environmental Resources Of The Solid Wastes, Their Nature And Classification, Their Common Ways Of Treatment. Possibilities Of Reuse, Recovery And Recycling In Some Cases Will Also Be Discussed. The Financial And Economic Aspect Of The Same Is Presented In Chapter Five. In The Sixth Chapter, We Will Look Forward To Public Awareness And Participation In The Abatement And Management Aspect Of The Solid Waste Problems. The Concluding Seventh Chapter Will Have The Optimization System, Analysis And The Planning Aspect Of The Entire Subject.	2005	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122416398	Advanced Microprocessors	Y. Rajasree		The Contents Of This Book Are Presented With An Integral Approach To Hardware And Software In The Context Of 8086 Microprocessor. Microcontroller 8051 Architecture, Related Hardware And Programming Is Also Focussed. Higher Processors Architecture Is Also Discussed.Salient Features * Each Topic Is Covered In Depth From Basic Concepts To Industrial Applications * Text Is Presented In Plain, Lucid And Simple Language * Provides Thorough Coverage Of Principles And Applications Necessary To Understand The Complex And Diverse Applications Of Microprocessors * Provides Foundation To Build And Develop Skills In Microprocessor Applications * Each Interfacing Controller Is Accompanied By A Number Of Examples	2008-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122412239	Basic and Applied Soil Mechanics	Gopal Ranjan&A S R Rao		Basic And Applied Soil Mechanics Is Intended For Use As An Up-To-Date Text For The Two-Course Sequence Of Soil Mechanics And Foundation Engineering Offered To Undergraduate Civil Engineering Students. It Provides A Modern Coverage Of The Engineering Properties Of Soils And Makes Extensive Reference To The Indian Standard Codes Of Practice While Discussing Practices In Foundation Engineering. Some Topics Of Special Interest, Like The Schmertmann Procedure For Extrapolation Of Field Compressibility, Determination Of Secondary Compression, Lambes Stress - Path Concept, Pressure Meter Testing And Foundation Practices On Expansive Soils Including Certain Widespread Myths, Find A Place In The Text.The Book Includes Over 160 Fully Solved Examples, Which Are Designed To Illustrate The Application Of The Principles Of Soil Mechanics In Practical Situations. Extensive Use Of Si Units, Side By Side With Other Mixed Units, Makes It Easy For The Students As Well As Professionals Who Are Less Conversant With The Si Units, Gain Familiarity With This System Of International Usage. Inclusion Of About 160 Short-Answer Questions And Over 400 Objective Questions In The Question Bank Makes The Book Useful For Engineering Students As Well As For Those Preparing For Gate, Upsc And Other Qualifying Examinations.In Addition To Serving The Needs Of The Civil Engineering Students, The Book Will Serve As A Handy Reference For The Practising Engineers As Well.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122413045	Analytical methods in structural engineering	Sarawar Alam Raz		This Book Presents A Thorough Exposition Of The Basic Concepts And Methods Involved In Structural Engineering. Starting With A Lucid Account Of Consistent Deformation, The Book Explains The Slope Deflection And Moment Distribution Methods.Equations Of Kanis Methods Are Explained Next, Followed By A Detailed Account Of Distribution Of Deformation And Column Analogy Method. The Book Concludes With A Thorough Description Of Indeterminate Structures.The Various Principles And Techniques Are Illustrated With Suitable Solved Examples Throughout The Book. Numerous Practice Problems Have Also Been Included.With Its Simple And Systematic Approach, The Book Would Serve As An Ideal Text For Both Degree And Diploma Students Of Civil Engineering. Amie Candidates And Practising Engineers Would Also Find It Extremely Useful.	2001-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122416725	Welding Technology And Design	Radhakrishnan		This Book Deals With Welding Methodology And Design Aspects Of Welding. The First Chapter Explains The Different Welding Methods While The Second One Describes The Necessary Welding Metallurgy Aspects Of The Material. Basics Of Strength Of Materials And Fracture Mechanics Are Presented In Chapter 3. The Problems Of Residual Stress And Distortion Are Discussed In Chapter 4. Fatigue And High Temperature Creep Are Frequently Encountered In Welded Components And So Are Discussed In Chapters 5 And 6. Design Of Tubular Joints And Pressure Vessels Is Detailed In Chapter 7. Defects, Their Causes And Remedial Measures And Welding Codes And Tests Are Given In Chapters 8 And 9, Respectively. Design Of Some Typical Joints Is Presented In Chapter 10. The Appendix Provides Typical Questions And Design Problems.The Book Will Be Very Useful To Undergraduate And Postgraduate Students Of Metallurgical, Mechanical And Production Engineering. It Will Also Be Useful To Welding Design Engineers And Can Be Used As An Authentic Reference Source.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122407853	Programming In C	D Ravichandran		It Introduces The C Programming Language To Both The Computer Novices And To The Advanced Software Engineers In A Well Organized And Systematic Manner. It Does Not Assume Any Preliminary Knowledge Of Computer Programming Of A Reader. It Covers Almost All Topics With Numerous Illustrative Examples And Well Graded Problems. Some Of The Chapters Such As Pointers, Preprocessors, Structures, Unions And The File Operations Are Thoroughly Discussed With Suitable Number Of Examples. The Source Code Of The Editor Package Has Been Included As An Appendix Of The Book.	1996-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417425	Disaster Preparedness Against Accidents Or Terrorist Attack	Prasanta K Ray		The Author Elaborated In This Book His Personal Reminiscences And Experiences, What He Gathered From Being One Of The Eyewitnesses Of The Aftermath Of The World'S Largest Terrorist Attack On September 11, 2001, When The Al-Qaida Terrorists Destroyed The Twin Towers Of The American Trade Center At Manhattan, New York. The Author Was Going To His Laboratory At The Beth Israel Hospital At Manhattan That Day. Incidentally, The Task Of Dealing With The Aftermath Of The World'S Largest Toxic Chemical Disaster, Which Took Place In The Early Morning Of December 3, 1984 At The Union Carbide Factory At Bhopal, India, Was Also Fell Upon Him.The Author Was The Director Of Itrc, Lucknow At That Time. He Had Personally Witnessed The Helplessness Of The People Who Suffered From Various Types Of Casualties. He Also Had Shared The Sorrows And Agonies Of Many People Who Lost Their Nearest And Dearest Ones, Or Friends And Other Members Of Their Families. The Lack Of Preparedness At All Quarters Made The Situation Worse. The Incident Led To A Chaotic Condition. The Question Was Who And Where, Where To Go To Seek Help And Guidance, Who Is In Command, How To Mobilize Resources Etc. Everywhere There Was A Disorderly Situation. People Were Bewildered, Kind Of Speechless And Flabbergasted. The Author Felt That There Exists An Urgent Necessity To Educate The People At All Level Regarding What To Do Under Similar Such Circumstances. What Type Of Preparedness They Should Undertake And Also Equip Them With.The Author Strongly Recommended That There Exists A Pressing Need Of Establishing A Well-Planned Preparedness Plan All Around The City To Face Such Kind Of Circumstances. It Must Operate On Wartime Urgency And With Equal Competency. The Present Volume Is The Outcome Of Such A Thought In Order To Help And Educate The Common Citizen, The Planners, Administrators, Law And Order Personnel, Medical Experts, Hospital Emergencies, Philanthropic And Religious Organizations, And The Voluntary Agencies Such That They Get Themselves Organized To Deal With The Aftermath Of Such Kind Of Incidents, Man-Made Or Otherwise.	2006	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122410532	Digital Protection Protective Relaying From Electromechanical To Microprocess	Lakneshwar Prakash Singh		The Present Edition Of The Book Contains Almost All The Topics Connected With Protection Schemes. The Book, Which Consists Of Ten Main Chapters And Two Appendices, Starts With The Chapter On Introduction, And Includes Chapters On Fundamental And Basic Theory Of Protection Schemes, Definition Of Various Terms, Different Types Of Protective Relaying Schemes, Generalized Mathematical Theory Of Protective Relay, Relay As A Comparator, Single Input, Dual Input And Multi- Input Comparator, Different Types And Arrangement Of Protection Schemes For Various Components And Detailed Studies Of Electromechanical, Electronics, Static And Digital Relaying Schemes. The Digital Protection Of Synchronous Machines, Transformer And Transmission Line Based, Both On Fundamental And Travelling Wave Phenomena, Are Dealt With In Detail. Also Included In The Present Edition, Are The Related Topics Such As Theory And Design Of Dynamic Test Bench, P.C. Based Relay Setting And Coordination, P.C. Based Short Circuit Studies And Ultra High Speed Relaying Schemes.The Present Edition Which Contains Almost All The Topics Of Current Interest In The Area Of Protective Relaying, Will Certainly Be Very Useful To The Teachers, Students And Engineers Working With The Utilities. The Present Edition Is The Result Of Teaching By The Author To The Undergraduate And Postgraduate Level Classes And Supervising Several Doctoral And Master Thesis And Graduate Level Projects In The Area Of Power System Protection At The Indian Institute Of Technology, Kanpur, For More Than Two Decades. The Content Of The Present Edition Has Been Class-Tested For Several Years At The Undergraduate And Postgraduate Level Classes At L.L.T., Kanpur. It Has Also Been Tested In Several Intensive Courses Offered By The Author Under Qip And Other Schemes To The Teachers Of Academic Institutions And Also Engineers Working With Utilities.	2006-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122412437	Problems In Physics	Abhay Kumar Singh		In The Study Of Physics At The +2 Stage And The 1St Year Engineering Course, Problem Solving Poses A Major Challenge. This Book Aims At Assisting The Students Approach A Physics Problem, Elaborating On What Signifies That A Solution Has Been Found And Much More. Tougher Problems Have Been Solved, Laying Great Stress On Approach And Method; While Simultaneously Offering The Number Of Ways A Given Problem Can Be Solved Applying Different Approaches. The Fourth Edition Of This Widely Used Text Presents 300 New Problems With Answers Including 50 Fully Solved Examples.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122413731	High Performance Organizations	S. Singh		Creating And Sustaining High Performing Organizations Cannot Be Over- Emphasized At This Juncture When Indian Organizations, Due To Liberalised Policies Of Government And Growing Trend Of Globalisation, Are Experiencing Fierce Competition From Within And Outside. With This Background, Indian Institute Of Management, Lucknow Organized A National Seminar On The Theme Of High Performing Organizations During April 2000. This Book Is A Compilation Of Select Papers Presented In That Seminar. The Seminar Deliberated On Key Issues And Strategic Alternatives Available And Used By Organizations To Transform Themselves Into High Performance Organizations Within Human Resource Management And Development Perspective. The Various Papers, Presented By Several Luminaries From The Academic And Professional Domains, Are Broadly Organised In Terms Of The Following Themes: * Conceptual Issues * Leadership * Culture And Practices * Strategic AlternativesThe Book Would Be Of Immense Benefit To Both Students And Practising Professionals In The Areas Of Hrm And Leadership.	2002-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122417470	Power Electronics	V. Subrahmanyam		This Book Provides A Comprehensive And A Rigorous Analytical Treatment Of Static Power Converters Employing Mainly Thyristors. These Power Converters Include Phase Controlled Line Commutated Converters, Cycloconverters, A.C. Voltage Controllers, D.C. Choppers And Inverters. It Gives A Detailed Discussion Of The Devices Which Include Gtos And Mosfets. The Analysis In This Book Is Based On Circuit Approaches And Conclusions Are Aimed At Helping In The Design Of Converters.Some Important Features Of The Book Are: * In-Depth Coverage Of Solid State Power Converters * Extensive Comparative Analysis Of Power Converters With A View To Providing Design Criteria * Numerous Worked Examples, Practice Problems And Multiple Choice Questions For An In-Depth And Clear Understanding Of Concepts * Application Of Converters In The Speed Control Of Electric Motors Is Discussed In DetailThis Book Would Serve As A Useful Text For Undergraduate And Graduate Courses In Power Electronics And Also As A Reference For Practicing Engineers Who Are Involved In The Design And Development Of The Power Electronic Converters.	2006-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122414516	Biotechnology-5: Animal Cells, Immunology & Plant Biotechnology	M. K. Sateesh		This Book Is Designed As Per The Syllabus Of Biotechnology Paper-5 Prescribed By Bangalore University And Other Indian Universities. The Book Is Divided Into Three Parts As Follows: * Animal Cell Biotechnology * Immunology * Plant BiotechnologyThe Presentation In Each Part Is Simple And Systematic. The Basic Concepts Have Been Clearly Explained And Their Functions Are Adequately Highlighted. A Few Recent Developments Have Also Been Included To Provide A Contemporary Understanding Of The Subject.	2003-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122416831	Rural Marketing: Indian Perspective	Awadhesh Kumar Singh		Rural Marketing As A Separate Discipline In Management Teaching Has Emerged Recently. The Growing Importance Of The Subject Has Been Well Realized By The Marketers, Policymakers And Management Interns. However, There Is Dearth Of Quality Literature On The Subject, Comprehensive Coverage Of All The Dimensions, Aspects And Managerial Issues Pertaining To Rural Marketing. In Most Of The Management Institutions, A Half-Baked Knowledge Of Rural Marketing Is Being Imparted To The Management Interns While There Is More Emphasis On Marketing Perspective On Harnessing The Immense Potential Offered By Rural Areas Through Suitable Marketing Planning, Product Mix, Pricing, Distribution, Promotional Mix, Branding And Communication Strategies. Present Book Is A Serious Attempt To Bridge The Need Gap In The Subject.Salient Features * Latest Updated And Highly Structured Marketing Perspective, Issues And Trends Analysis. * Comprehensive Coverage Of Agricultural Marketing, Marketing Of Non-Farm Products, Marketing Of Industrial Products - Fmcg'S Durables, Marketing Of Services, Social Development Etc. * Thorough Researched Exhaustive Case Studies And Case Lets On Various Issues, Products, Services And Corporates. * Prepared By The Authors Who Have Relevant Research And Teaching Experience, Both At The Grassroots And Strategic Decision-Making Level In Leading Ngo'S, Mnc'S, Government Dept, Academic Institutions Etc.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122423983	Design And Implementation Of Compiler	Ravendra Singh&Singh Ravendra&Sharma Vivek&Varshney Manish&Vivek Sharma&Manish Varshney			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122415858	Comprehensive Biotechnology - I : Cell Biology And Genetics	V. Sreekrishna		Comprehensive Biotechnology-I Cell Biology And Genetics. This Book Compre-Hensively Covers The Syllabus Of B.Sc (Biotechnology) I Semester And Clearly Explains The Basic Concepts In Cell Biology And Genetics. A Molecular Approach To The Study Of Cells Is Followed Throughout The Book.The Text Is Illustrated By A Large Number Of Clearly Drawn Labelled Diagrams For An Easier Understanding Of The Subject. Detailed Cellular Metabolism Pathways Are Also Mentioned Wherever Necessary For Easy Understanding.	2005-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122401295	Biotechnology	Keshav Trehan		Biotechnology, Besides A Traditional Discipline, Is Developing Fast Because Of Realization Of Its Importance In Industry, Agriculture, Pharmaceutical Concerns, Public Health, Geological Explorations, Bioenergetics And As A Mean To Exploit New Sources Of Energy Useful For Various Purposes. Consequently, Nations Are Striving Hard To Merge The Biotechnological Operation Into National Development, Building Hardcore Economies And In Seeking Strategies For International Cooperation And Ties. The Present Text Has Been Designed To Outline The Basic And Fundamental Aspects Of Biotechnology To Be Understood In Its Right Perspective. It Envisages To Put Forward A Clear Understanding Of What Is Biotechnology And Its Widening Horizons. The Book Could Be Used As A Fundamental Text By Various Honours And Post-Graduate Students Of Life Sciences Including Botany, Zoology, Microbiology, Genetics, Biochemistry And Also By Newly Developed Interdisciplinary Programme And Departments Of Biotechnology And Bioengineering. Finally This Book Should Prove To Be Helpful To A Nonprofessional And Amateur To Develop Scientific Cult And Temper In The Background Of Popular Science And Social Needs.	1990-12-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122413120	Engineering Drawing And Graphics + Autocad	K Venugopal		This Book Provides A Systematic Account Of The Basic Principles Involved In Engineering Drawing. The Treatment Is Based On The First Angle Projection.Salient Features: * Nomography Explained In Detail. * 555 Self-Explanatory Solved University Problems. * Step-By-Step Procedures. * Side-By-Side Simplified Drawings. * Adopts B.I.S. And I.S.O. Standards. * 1200 Questions Included For Self Test.The Book Would Serve As An Excellent Text For B.E., B. Tech., B.Sc. (Ap. Science) Degree And Diploma Students Of Engineering. Amie Students Would Also Find It Extremely Useful.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122412031	Computer Architecture and System Design	J. Vaideeswaran		The Book Is A Comprehensive Coverage Of The Architectural Aspects And Oganisational Features Of Computing Systems. This Text Is Intended Primarily For Graduate And Undergraduate Courses In Computer Science And Electrical Engineering Curriculums.The Sequential Processor Is Dealt With Desirable Features Besides An Exhaustive Material On Number Systems, Arithmetic Logic Unit And Memory Sub-Systemes In The First Three Chapters. Chapter 4 Throws Light On Sample Microprocessors And Microprogramming Finishing With Microcomputer Development Systems (Mds). The Keywords Are Presented At The End Of Each Chapter Appropriately For Ease Of Readability. The Data Flow Mechanisms, Multiprocessing With Emphasis On Simd Class And Fault Tolerance Have Been Included In Chapter 5. Chapter 6 Begins Discussing On Parallel Processing Factors Covering Bitsliced Processes And Transporter Technology, Text Processing And Data Communication And Ends With Notes On Example Fault Tolerance Systems. Finally, In Chapter 7, The Co-Processing Is Explained With Intel 8087 Numeric Processor Example And Digital Signal Processor Suited To Assembler Environment Also Has Been Included. Problems Are Given At The End Of Every Chapter.	2008-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122417937	Geotechnical Engineering	C. Venkatramaiah		This Book Is The Outcome Of The Authors Long Teaching Experience And Has Been Designed To Meet The Needs Of Civil Engineering Curricula For The Courses In Soil Mechanics And Foundation Engineering Of Indian Universities. The Book Has Been Written Mainly In The S.I. Units, Although Some Problems And Examples In The M.K.S. System Have Been Included For Convenience During The Period Of Transition.The Concepts Have Been Developed Systematically In Lucid Language, Sufficient Number Of Well-Graded Numerical Examples And Problems For Solution Have Been Included, And The Answers For The Latter Have Been Given At The End Of The Book. Summary Of Main Points And Chapter-Wise References Have Been Given At The End Of Each Chapter. References Are Made To The Relevant Indian Standard At Appropriate Places.The Book Covers The Syllabus In Geotechnical Engineering For The Degree And Diploma Students In Civil Engineering And Is Designed To Be Useful To Practicing Engineers As Well.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122411744	C Language And Numerical Methods	C. Xavier		C Language Is The Popular Tool Used To Write Programs For Numerical Methods. Because Of The Importance Of Numerical Methods In Scientific Industrial And Social Research.C Language And Numerical Methods Is Taught Almost In All Graduate And Postgraduate Programs Of Engineering As Well As Science. In This Book, The Structures Of C Language Which Are Essential To Develop Numerical Methods Programs Are First Introduced In Chapters 1 To 7. These Concepts Are Explained With Appropriate Examples In A Simple Style. The Rest Of The Book Is Devoted For Numerical Methods. In Each Of The Topic On Numerical Methods, The Subject Is Presented In Four Steps, Namely, Theory, Numerical Examples And Solved Problems, Algorithms And Complete C Program With Computer Output Sheets. In Each Of These Chapters, A Number Of Solved Problems And Review Questions Are Given As A Drill Work On The Subject. In Appendix The Answers To Some Of The Review Questions Are Given.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417623	Foundations of Information Technology	D. S. Yadav		This Revised Edition Of The Book Has Been Designed For The Students Of Btech (All Branches Of Engineering)/Mca/Mba Of Indian Universities Imparting Technical Education. The Book Provides A Systematic Presentation Of Principles And Practices Of Information Technology. This Book Would Also Be A Useful Text For All Bca/Bsc (Computer Science), A Level Of Doeacc And Ignou Students. This Edition Of The Book Contains More And Revised Examples, Figures, Illustrations, Objective Questions And A New Chapter On Operating Systems. The Book Explains Following In Several Chapters.	2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122417234	6 Steps To Free Publicity	Marcia Yudkin		Whether You Want To Draw In New Business, Establish Yourself As An Expert In Your Field, Or Introduce A New Concept To The Community Around You, Using Available Publicity Is The Least Expensive, Most Credible Way To Do So And Marcia Yudkin Will Show You How! This Is A Newly Updated Edition Of A Classic And Much-Loved Guide To Getting No-Cost Publicity, In It You'Ll Find.Salient Features# Ways To Get Started- How To Overcome Fears, Feel Comfortable, And Think Like A Publicity Hound# How To Write Tip Sheets, Pitch Letters, And Press Releases That Roll Out Your Message With A Punch# How To Perform On Radio And Tv Like A Pro# How To Concoct Creative Angles, Images, And Exploits That Get Results# How To Create A Website Or Media Section That Multiplies Publicity Opportunities Like Crazy# And Much More, Including Print And Web Resources For Publicity CampaignsWhether You'Re Launching A New Venture Or Looking For Fresh Visibility For An Established One, You'Ll Find This Book Jammed With Inspirational Ideas And Tips. Use This Wonderful Manual To Get The Buzz Going About Your Business, Cause, Or Idea Without Draining All Your Profits.This Special Low-Priced Edition Is For Sale In India, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal, Myanmar, Pakistan And Sri Lanka Only.	2006	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788189738266	Field Marshal K.M. Cariappa	K. C. Cariappa&Dipa Chaudhuri		Biography of K.M. Cariappa, 1899-1993, field marshal of Indian Army.	2007	Niyogi Books						ZZZ000000
9788189738495	Beethoven And Friends	Kishore Chatterjee		What were monophonic Gregorian Chants? Who codified them and when were they composed? Why did Western classical music become polyphonic ?during the Renaissance? What kind of music did Bach, Handel and Vivaldi compose during the Baroque period? When was opera as a musical ?composition born? In how many languages were operas composed and which are some of the most memorable operas? Is Western classical music associated with only the Classical period? Which European city was the hub of Western classical music at the time? ?What was the contribution of the Romantics to Western classical music? What are some of Chopin's most famous compositions? How did the 20th century impact Western classical music? Who were the famous conductors, tenors, divas or music critics of the last century? What is the fate of Western classical music today? Beethoven and Friends by Kishore Chatterjee, presents the history of Western classical music through the unusual stories of the many lives that shaped it.	2009	Niyogi Books						ZZZ000000
9788189738600	Dancing With Kali	Lalita Das		Goa, land of sun, surf and sand, of secluded coves, and of forested hills, where foreigners frolic on the beaches without restraint and where, in the Hindu villages just a few kilometres inland, repressive traditions still rule. And when the boundary between the two is crossed, the consequences can be unpredictable. There in Goa, while roaming the beaches with a band of hippies, Alec, an up-and-coming English lawyer, meets Anu, the daughter of a prominent Hindu landowner, who is yearning for the freedom of choice. Their marriage sets in motion a chain of events that culminates eighteen years later when Ronnie comes to Goa to visit the beach where his mother was lost in the sea and meets Meera, a young girl whose mother is also dead living with her grandparents all three of whom are being ostracised by the community. And watching over them is Maushi Anu s mother and Meera s grandmother. An intricately woven saga of love, revenge, and retribution, the book resonates with the ethos of karma; the eternally intertwined dance of destruction and creation the dance of Kali, who wipes out the karma and fulfils the desires of her devotees. Weaving in Hindu and Christian philosophies, Goan and hippie cultures, the modalities of Western urban gentry and the Indian rural structure, the lucid narrative skilfully juxtaposes human emotions tribulations with failures; empathy with apathy; vengeance with resurrection celebrating the poise and strength of womanhood.		Niyogi Books						ZZZ000000
9788189738471	Sunil Gavaskar: Cricket`s Little Master	Debasish Datta&Foreword By Geoffrey Boycott		During his playing days, he used to be often referred to as the 'Record-breaking Gavaskar' or the 'Century Man', for Sunil Manohar Gavaskar simply loved to pile up the runs. On his 60th birthday, his admirers join hands to present him with a unique 'century' in the form of this book that contains 100 articles on the Little Master. In its 132-year history, Test match cricket has produced some great cricketers and even greater characters. Some of these wonderful cricketers share their personal experiences of having played the game alongside or against Sunil Gavaskar. This book is a tribute to the living legend, a person we all love and admire.	2009-10-01	Niyogi Books						ZZZ000000
9788189738464	Pahari Masters	BN Goswamy and Eberhard Fischer		Pahari Painting - "Painting from the hills", often subsumed under the broad head, Rajput Painting - has long been acknowledged as one of the great achievements of India in the realm of art. For too long, however, the Pahari painter, the maker of these images, has continued to be seen as belonging to an indeterminate, anonymous group of craftsmen who simply plied predetermined brushes. The present work is aimed at challenging that notion, for it presents the painter as thinking man, faced with, and capable of, exercising choices. It was time that the 'long winter of neglect' in which he had been left by history came to an end.	2009-10-01	Niyogi Books						ZZZ000000
9788189738457	Giriraj Kishore - Translated From The Hindi Original	Prajapati Sah		Based on the life of Mahatma Gandhi, 1869-1948, statesman in South Africa.	2010	Niyogi Offset Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788189738488	The Bakkarwals of Jammu and Kashmir Navigating Through Nomadism	Anita Sharma		Sedentary patterns of living are often termed as 'civilized', yet, in semi-arid regions, pastoral nomadism remains an efficient subsistence-base. While seven per cent of India is nomadic, a majority have little access to development programmes. Research across continents reveals that the success of such initiatives among nomads is contingent upon their sensitivity to a mobile lifestyle. The pastoral Bakkarwals of Jammu and Kashmir herd goat and sheep and are a subset of the buffalo-herding Gujjars of the State. They migrate and return annually from the hills of the Jammu-Poonch region through the insurgency-riddled Pir Panjal into the Valley, to beyond the tree line atop the highland pastures of the Greater Himalayas. The Bakkarwals of Jammu and Kashmir: Navigating through Nomadism presents this almost entirely nomadic community, through an ethnography of their social association, religion, language, folklore and material culture, normative beliefs and indigenous knowledge, the contexts for development, gender relations, the nature of power and reciprocity, as well as the indices of change, with the aim to sensitize the reader to the precariousness of their lives, as also to their remarkable vitality and grace.	2009-10-01	Niyogi Books						ZZZ000000
9788170945291	80/20 Management	Julie-Ann Amos		How to improve your business effectiveness by 400% The famous Pareto's Rule states that 80% of results we achieve come from only 20% of effort. The remaining 80% of what we do adds up to just another measly 20%. By identifying that all-important 20% on which to focus, you will immediately improve your effectiveness by a huge 400%! This book shows you how to use 80/20 management and where to apply your effort for maximum results, minimum stress and multiplied job satisfaction:	2005-03-01	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122200942	Complete Book Of Yoga	Sri Ananda		The book, an international bestseller and already in its 14th printing, is very detailed with pictures and guides. It is an all inclusive guide, teaching every reader on it's own, irrespective of whether he is a beginner or just wants a better understanding of yoga. This volume has taught and still continues to teach and enlighten generations on the experience and the tremendous benefits of yoga for the body, mind and spirit. Sri Ananda not only demonstrates all the fundamental and several advanced yoga postures in black and white photos, but also clearly explains many obscure concepts so as to provide access to spiritual wisdom that is usually available only through direct association with a master teacher.	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170946670	Mega Business Quiz Book	Bijay Bhujbal		The Mega Business Quiz Book is stuffed with 2,100 interesting and informative multiple-choice questions covering the entire spectrum of business topics. On page after page, you will come across startling, little known 'Hey, I didn't know that!' nuggets that will keep you informed and entertained for hours. This book is a must for avid quizzers, MBA wannabes and MBA whizkids, upwardly mobile and aspiring mangers, and everyone interested in the ever-changing world of business and how it is managed. Who propounded the law that if anything can go wrong, then it will? What is the Peter Principle? What is Just-in-Time approach to manufacturing known as in Japan? Who was the originator of the concept 'Management by Objectives'? Why is IBM known as the 'Big Blue'? From which Sanskrit word has the name of the Indian currency evolved?		Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122204636	If Better is Possible	John Buchanan		From the most successful cricket coach of all time comes the secret to coaching success. If Better is Possible shows how business managers and coaches at all levels can lead their teams to greatness, and explores in detail what it takes to build and sustain championship teams. Written as a series of accessible essays, If Better is Possible offers guidance on making important and life-changing choices, creating a culture of success, gaining mental toughness, using systems and processes to achieve a winning advantage, providing leadership opportunities, and matching competitor's ideas. It presents valuable insights into the strategic thinking behind leading an elite team. Woven throughout is the behind-the-scene story of how the Australian Cricket Team, under John Buchanan's guidance, became invincible. The team won a record sixteen consecutive Test matches across six series and four countries. It won two World Cups and successfully retaing the Ashes. John Buchanan's If Better is Possible reveals the strategies he used to take the Australian Cricket Team to the top of their game - and keep them there.	2008-02-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122202311	Sherlock Holmes Puzzles	Tom Bullimore		Test your puzzling powers with these interesting puzzles!!!!		Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200331	Foods That Heal	Bakhru		Several hundreds of years back Hippocrates, the father of medicine, said, 'Your food shall be your medicine'. This maxim holds true even today. There are several disorders that can be prevented and treated by selecting natural foods rich in minerals, vitamins, trace elements, vital nutrients and other substances that have positive medicinal and curative values. This is a no-nonsense A-Z guide to the care and feeding of your body, going to the bottom of everything you need to know about diet, health and food. The listings in this clearly written book span general categories of illnesses, food groups, and each entry recommends helpful foods, followed by those that should be avoided. The format allows easy access to information, with entries offering straightforward advice, explanations, and answers. In short, the book is an invaluable guide for better understanding of health, food and natural remedies.	1995-12-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122201338	Herbs that heal,natural remedies for good health	H. K. Bakhru		The book covers 107 herbs and their medical uses in the treatment of diseases. It is divided into two parts- the first describes, in detail, 66 important herbs with strong healing powers and curative properties and the second describes, in brief, 41 herbs with comparatively milder properties. In each part herbs have been arranged alphabetically, according to their English names, as well as by trade names, where they are more popular by the trade name. While there are numerous books on herbs, the distinctive feature of this book is its reasonably comprehensive information about herbs, especially their uses in the treatment of various diseases.	1992	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122201796	Natural Home Remedies for Common Ailments	H K Bakhru		Natural home remedies are age-old traditions that have been passed on by one generation to another. They are based on the premise that most natural foods such as fruits, vegetables, grains, seeds and nuts possess many medicinal values. These natural foods and substances have been tried and refined as natural cures. This book, besides mentioning natural home remedies for various ailments, prescribes nutritional treatments, such as raw juice therapy, based on modern research. These recommended treatments not only help you save time, money, and aggravation, but also provide you with peace of mind knowing that the remedies you and your loved ones are taking are fresh, natural and safe. You'll learn to avoid drugs that cause disastrous side effects that you have been vulnerable to.	1996-07-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122202243	Vitamins That Heal	H K Bakhru		There are over 50 vitamins, minerals, and amino acids that can keep you healthy and fit. Your body needs only small amounts of these vitamins and minerals. But because what the body manufactures is often not enough, these must be obtained from diet and from supplements. While most books provide limited information, this book shares complete information that you are ever likely to need about vitamins, minerals, and amino acids. A balanced diet is the most sensible way of getting sufficient quantity of these nutrients. The rich and natural sources of all nutrients are listed individually to help you choose easily	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122204490	Better Eyesight Without Glasses	Bates		An updated and revised edition detailing the 'Bates method', a technique which claims to the retrain the eye so contact lenses and glasses are no longer needed. The method aims to restore sight by using exercises to relax the eye muscles before retraining the eyes to focus effectively. Prescription glasses act as a prop for the muscles in your eyes and so, over time, the muscles actually get weaker. In fact, in the long term, glasses can only ever weaken your eyes. But, with the Bates Method you can retrain the eye muscles to work again, and perhaps even learn to do without glasses altogether. The Bates Method works two-folds, firstly with a series of exercises that relax and soothe the eye muscles, and secondly, retrains the relaxed eyes to focus effectively. The exercises are simple and easy to follow, and millions around the world have improved their vision using them. The book has influenced whole generations of people who believe that wearing glasses is the best way to improve your eyesight.	1984	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122201819	Mathemagic	Raymond Blum		Before you can say 'Abracadabra', you can astound your friends with amazing math tricks and stunts. You'll pull calculator capers and card conjuring mysteries, as well as mind-baffling feats based on dice, calendars, coins and more. Make your calculator talk to you. Conjure up the date a friend was born Sprinkle a little magic into your subtraction Turn your calculator into a crystal ball Summon the 'Number Spirits' to predict which card will be pulled from a deck of cards With the greatest of ease, you'll read people's minds, predict the future, make numbers appear out of nowhere, and perform astonishing hocus-pocus. It gives a new meaning to the expression 'math wizard'.		Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170945611	It S When You Sell That Counts	D L Cassidy		Success in the stock market is only partially governed by which shares you buy, and when you buy them. The fact is that you actually realise your profits only when you sell. Fear, greed, and just plain confusion lead millions of investors to postpone selling their shares almost indefinitely, or at least till long after the right time is over. While most investment books tend to deal primarily with the buying of shares, It's When You Sell That Counts focuses exclusively on the neglected but equally critical second side of the coin-selling: How to deal with your emotional barriers to selling; How to set your selling price targets; How to time your sales in a bull market; Selling versus holding in a bear market; Special rules for selling low-priced shares. Failure to sell at the right time is all-too-common a pitfall. Donald Cassidy's book will help you sell your shares profitably and turn your stock market success into a reality.	2006-10-01	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788170945895	Ceos On Business Success	Ceo Speak		Top CEOs Reveal the Secrets of Effective Management, Market Leadership and Profits Packed in this uniquely innovative book is the knowledge and experience of some of the biggest-name CEOs in the world. These industry leaders reveal their lifetimes of insights and proven ideas on effective management, motivating others, building and leading a profitable business and making a difference at any level within an organization		Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122203721	Iq Tests To Keep You Sharp	Russell & Simpson		These IQ tests are a fun and entertaining way to keep your brain as fit as your body. Check out whether you are best at verbal, visual, numerical or calculation and logic questions. There is a time limit given for each test. You'll know soon enough just how smart you really are!		Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170945604	Knowledge Management	Carl Davidson&Voss Davidson		There is a common saying in Knowledge Management that 'none of us is as smart as all of us'. Leo Platt, the CEO of Hewlett-Packard, once famously remarked that 'if only HP knew what HP knows, we'd be three times as profitable.' Responding to this challenge is what knowledge management is all about. It offers ways that organisations can identify, activate, and apply the knowledge available to them. It is about those processes by which useful knowledge is made available to others in an organisation, to enable everyone to carry out business processes faster, better, and at lower costs. The good news is that organisations with strong knowledge management practices are more likely to be profitable, have a greater market share, perform better than before they introduced knowledge management, be more flexible in dealing with change (and especially in dealing with crises), have better workplace morale, and develop innovative products than organisations without such practices. Drawing on the authors' extensive experience, this book identifies the secret to successful knowledge management and how to get started.	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200539	Voices in the city	Anita Desai		Voices in the City is based on the life of the middle class intellectuals of Calcutta. It is an unforgettable story of a Bohemian brother and his two sisters caught in the crosscurrents of changing social values. In many ways the story reflects a vivid picture of India's social transition - a phase in which the older elements are not altogether dead, and the emergent ones not fully evolved. The novel describes the bitter effects of the urban living upon an Indian family. Brought up in luxury and magnificence by an over indulgent mother, Nirode settles down in Calcutta and becomes engrossed in its bohemian life, while his elder sister, Monisha lives out a servile existence within the rigid and stiff confines of a traditional Hindu family. Amla sees the city as a monster, Nirode sacrifices everything for his career, and Monisha cannot bear her stifling existence in the household of a wealthy old Calcutta family.	2005	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170943952	Teaching of the Bhagavad Gita	Swami Dayananda		A classical interpretation for the modern mind. For centuries the Bhagavad Gita has remained the single most influential philosophical text shaping Indian thought and life. It addresses itself foursquare to the universal limitations each human being is confronted with: ignorance, sorrow and death. The teaching of the Bhagavad Gita opens with the audacious statement that all these are illegitimate problems caused by ignorance about the real nature of the self. Drawing upon the essence of all Upanishads, Gita explains how the self, the atman, is limitless, indestructible, unborn. This knowledge, Brahmavidya, frees one from all sense of limitation. This is the principal teaching of the Bhagavad Gita. Swami Dayananda's is a classical vedantic interpretation of the Bhagavad Gita. Without getting lost in a rigid verse-by-verse translation, he plunges with great verve and energy into the central theme of the gita, unerringly picking and choosing key verses to highlight its message. A highly respected and very popular teacher of vedanta, Swami Dayananda succeeds marvelously in conveying the profundity of the Bhagavad Gita, unfolding its teaching with a style and clarity which will appeal to every modern mind.	2005-03-01	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122203455	Math Puzzles For The Clever Mind	Derrick Niederman		Give your clever mind a mathematical workout. Test, prod and stretch it to the outer limits. Careful, you might even be stumped! But guaranteed, you will enjoy every minute of it. Sharpen your wits on a combination of new ideas, favorites and classic puzzles to which a little bit extra has been added. Some have surprise answers, but none involve advance math.		Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200294	Bye-bye blackbird	Anita Desai		Set against England's green and grisly landscape, enigmatic and attractive to some, depressing and nauseating to others, Bye-Bye Black Bird explores the lives of the outsiders seeking to forge a new identity in an alien society.	1985	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200850	Cry, the peacock	Anita Desai		Winner of the Sahitya Akademi Award. Cry, the Peacock is the story of a young girl, Maya, obsessed by a childhood prophecy of disaster. The author builds up an atmosphere of tension as torrid and oppressive as a stiffling Indian summer, both in the crowded, colourful cities and the strangely beautiful countryside.	1980	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200881	Where shall we go this summer?	Anita Desai		Where Shall We Go This Summer is an intense story of a sensitive young wife torn between the desire to abandon the boredom and hypocrisy of her middle class and ostensibly comfortable existance, and the realisation that the bonds that tie her to it cannot easily be broken.	1982	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122201895	Awaken The Genius In Your Child	Shakuntala Devi		Your child's achieving attitude begins with you. Teaching your child is important. Teaching your child to think is more important. Thinking is not information or knowledge or being right. Thinking is the skill which unlocks the potential within. It is the essential difference that separates winners and achievers from others. This book will help you - the caring parent - combine the unique knowledge of your child's personality with the latest research on how children learn at each age, to enable you help your child achieve his full potential. From infancy, pre-school and through school, at every stage, the book is designed to enhance your child's concentration skills, problem-solving abilities, creativity, and honest motivation - the complex dynamics which will translate your child's potential into a brilliant legal mind, a gifted surgeon or a path-breaking physicist.	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200386	Figuring: The Joy Of Numbers	Shakuntala Devi		There is a range and richness to numbers. They can come alive, cease to be symbols written on a black board, and lead the reader into a world of intellectual adventure where calculations are thrilling. In Figuring: The Joy of Numbers, Shakuntala Devi dramatizes the endless fascination of numbers and their ability to amaze and entertain. She offers easy-to-learn short cuts on how to add long columns in your head, multiply, divide, and find square roots quickly, almost magically. Fractions, decimals, and compound interest become clear and easy to deal with. The author takes delight in working out huge problems mentally, and sometimes even faster than computers. In Figuring she shares her secrets with you.	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122203998	In the Wonderland of Numbers	Shakuntala Devi		Come to an exciting journey into the Wonderland of Numbers. 'As for numbers, they hate nobody and nobody can afford to hate them,' says Neha's father, who is a supportive parent trying to re-instill confidence in his child. Apart from revealing the specialties of each individual number, from zero to nine, and little mathematical tricks, Shakuntala Devi has underscored another very important aspect. It is upto parents and teachers to ensure that children are initiated into a lifelong love affair with numbers. An engaging child, Neha, suddenly starts lagging in Maths when a new Maths teacher arrives and she starts converting her fear of the teacher into a terror of Maths. Matters touch the nadir when she scores a zero in a test. On the way home that day, she meets with an accident. While her parents and teachers suffer an anxious vigil till she regains consciousness, she travels to the Kingdom of Zero through her sub-conscious mind. In the Wonderland of Numbers is the story of Neha's adventures in the Kingdom of Zero.	2006	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122203165	Mathability: Awaken The Math Genius In Your Child	Shakuntala Devi		In todays increasingly complex and competitive world, the most important thing a parent can do for his/her child is to nurture mathability. Mathability is an attitude. Those who say that their child is poor in maths are doing an injustice to themselves and undermining their child's future. Mathability is a skill that teaches a child how to think. It is a skill that develops the inherent intelligence potential, enhances problem solving abilities and analytical focus. The methods and techniques described herein are as suitable for adults as for children, with several of these having successfully altered the mindset of senior executives and housewives. The author maintains that a child's curiosity and receptivity during infancy and childhood can never be matched, and we must, as parents, nurture the young minds by offering the right learning process and motivation to develop the innate strengths possessed by each child.	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122204773	The hidden oracle of India,the mystery of India's naadi palm leaf readers	A Donovan		The authors stumbled across the Naadi palm-leaf readers of India while visiting the country to attend a wedding. The Hidden Oracle describes their astonishment at being told the precise details of their past, present and predictions of their future, which had been recorded in Sanskrit on palm leaves millennia ago, passed down by initiates to await long-destined appointments with those who come to find them. How does if feel to find out your soul's true mission has been documented in details on an ancient leaf= that relates to you alone, and then to learn your future? Angela Donovan found it a deeply uplifting experience. But for her husband, Andrew, it was a life-changing moment that left him reeling, his lifelong skepticism challenged and destroyed. The Hidden Oracle provides an inspiring look into one of the greatest mystical secrets of India, and shows you how to find it for yourself.	2009	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122203202	10 Steps to Positive Living	Dr. Windy Dryden		Explore your mind. Live positive. These 10 steps will encourage you to take control, be flexible, accept reality, come to like and be fair to yourself, accept change and improve your relationship with others. You can follow the steps in order, or use them individually to attain your goals. Either way, these few basic guidelines for happy living will equip you to tackle anything life an throw at you.	2005	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170947424	Technical Analysis of Stock Trends	John Magee		The classic used by 1-million plus traders and investors worldwide - expanded, updated and revised! Long considered the definitive foundational work on technical analysis, this milestone, expanded 9th edition of "the bible of technical analysis" offers both proven, time-tested trading and investing techniques and updated contemporary know-how for success in different market conditions	1984	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788170943433	Stock Market Trading Rules	William F Eng		Stock Market Trading Rules will help you listen to the market. Fifty "rules," each one a strategic gem, show you how to survive and succeed in the marketplace. Here are a few examples: Take windfall profits when you have them Markets are never wrong; opinions often are Big movements take time to develop Buy the rumour and sell the fact Don't trade too many markets at once Bear markets have no supports and bull markets have no resistances. Each of the 50 rules is clearly explained and illustrated with examples of what works, what doesn't and why.		Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788170944812	Winning Portfolio: How To Choose The Best Mutual Funds	Paul Farrel		If you are among the millions of who invest in mutual funds, the task of building a winning portfolio that will meet your investment objectives just got easier. Farrell's strategy is easy-to-follow and will help you diversify your portfolio while shielding your investment from market downturns		Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788170946823	How To Make Money Trading Derivatives	A Gujral		This is a pioneering book on trading Indian futures and options written by an expert who does so for a living. It is an insider's guide which spans the three aspects of successful trading: charting and entry techniques, money and trade management, and trading psychology: How to figure out whether the market is trending or range-bound; the technical indicators to apply in different phases. Day trading, swing trading, and position trading - profitable approaches and appropriate precautions for these three futures trading strategies. Cash and futures arbitrage - how to get risk-free returns from idle cash. Money-making options strategies. How to trade with discipline. The critical importance of money and trade management; rules for limiting your risk per trade and how to work out the size of your trading positions.		Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122204162	Reversing Ageing	Dr. Paul Galbraith		A complete rejuvenation and vitality programme. The human body has an inbuilt ability to rejuvenate and heal itself; it just needs the right conditions. This book explains how you can create those conditions and benefit from them. It covers the most effective rejuvenation techniques, combining the latest scientific discoveries with the ancient yoga methods and wisdom. The techniques represent an excellent time investment, since these will help you not only to feel younger but also to live longer and with dramatically increased vitality levels.	2006-10-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170947219	How To Make Money Trading With Charts	Ashwani Gujral		This is the first comprehensive book on chart patterns and chart analysis using real-life examples from the Indian market. It explains every significant tradable pattern, buy and sell signal, and the use of important technical indicators with the help of more than 150 charts of Indian stocks. Written by the bestselling author or How to Make Money Trading Derivatives, this book shows how you can too make money by identifying the market's mood with the help of the various typical patterns that are formed on charts - and by using appropriate trading methods for each pattern.	2008-08-30	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122200249	Herbal Beauty Care	Parvesh Handa		Everyone wants to look good and feel good. However, not everyone of us is blessed with soft, creamy clear skin and sharp features. Mounting environmental pollution, growing worries and tensions of every day life make the skin vulnerable to the ravages of time. Even cosmetics fail to enhance a lifeless skin. This book makes a brilliant endeavor to help everyone look good and feel confident about him or her. The author seeks to explain and help the reader to understand their skin type and formulate a personalized exercise and beauty regime. The book throws light on the various facets of beauty and provides well-researched information on the different skin types, their problems and solutions, reasons for hair loss, nail and teeth problems and their care, etc. Parvesh Handa gives hundreds of recipes for every kind of beauty preparation- cleansing creams, face masks, conditioners for the hands, feet, neck and knees, washing scrubs, lotions and oils for bath and massage, skin tonics, anti wrinkle creams etc, - all based on fruits, vegetables, herbs and spices. The book states that by just using simple techniques, like facials, art of make-up, hair care, proper diet and exercises, you can tone yourself up towards a better and dignified you.	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						HEA003000
9788122202908	Science Puzzles For Young Einsteins	Helen Hovanec		Puzzles specially designed for the science inclined. One doesn't need to go to a lab to solve the mind bogglers give in the book. And a great time is guaranteed - even if one doesn't want to grow up to be a scientist.		Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200607	Shahnaz Husain's Beauty Book	Shahnaz Husain		In this book, Shahnaz Husain makes a successful endeavor to spread the rich herbal heritage of India around the world. She offers complete and holistic beauty solutions. The topics include skin, face and hair care, hand and feet care, and tips on make-up. Shahnaz effectively combines ancient herbal remedies with scientific techniques. The book seeks to meet the burgeoning demand for cosmetics made of herbs and other natural products. Moreover herbal beauty-aids can be prepared at home according to your very personal requirements and tastes. And since these are relatively cheaper, you can have many more natural cosmetics without stretching your budget.	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200492	Yoga In Daily Life	Dr. K S Joshi		Every person must be self trained in maintaining their body in perfectly sound health, by keeping it physically active, mentally at peace and protected from environmental influences. This book comes forth as an ideal guide in this respect, presenting methodically illustrated details of Yogic practice, proper nutrition, and meditation etc. It is in clear and simple language. The book, completely true to the authentic tradition of classical yoga, is designed to meet the needs of our modern times. It is a holistic system of health, encompassing the science of the body, mind and soul.	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200973	You Can Prevent Heart Attack	Dr. O P Jaggi		There are many things you can do to prevent heart disease and stay healthy. You probably already know what they are - not smoking, eating a heart healthy diet, getting plenty of regular exercise, keeping your weight under control, getting regular medical checkups, managing stress in your life, and controlling your blood pressure and cholesterol. It is also especially important for women to control other diseases they may have, such as diabetes and high blood pressure. You Can Prevent Heart Attack discusses these and a multitude of allied topics related to the prevention of heart attacks. Adequate preventive and precautionary measures go a long way in plummeting the incidence of heart attacks. The dos and don'ts prescribed herein by the author help to keep the heart in ideal mint condition, and thereby ward away the fears of a heart attack.	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122204285	Yayati,A Classic Tale of Lust	V S Khandekar		Winner of the Jnanpith and Sahitya Akademi Awards. The story of Yayati is perhaps one of the most intriguing and fascinating episodes of Mahabharata. Yayati was a great scholar and one of the noblest rulers of olden times. He followed the shastras and was devoted to the welfare of his subjects. Even the King of Gods, Indra, held him in high esteem. Married to seductively beautiful Devyani, in love with her maid Sharmishtha, and father of five sons from two women, yet Yayati unabashedly declares, 'My lust for pleasure is unsatisfied...'. His quest for the carnal continued, sparing not even his youngest son, and exchanging his old age for his son's youth...	1978-01-15	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170944478	Basics Of Bonds	Krefetz Gerald		How to make the most out of investing your money in bonds Investing in bonds is very popular, whether these be corporate debentures, government securities, savings certificates, discount bonds, income schemes of mutual funds, etc. The lure: bonds and other fixed income investment avenues offer relatively greater safety of capital with predictable returns. Often, however, investors mistakenly believe that bonds are "riskless" investment. This is a big fallacy. While it's true that the risks are lower and the returns more predictable than in the case of investments in shares, investing in bonds is also subject to a variety of risks which you need to be clear about if you don't wish to find yourself in an unexpected investment hole. This book by a U.S. investment expert will assist you in making intelligent decisions about your fixed-income investing.	2005-03-01	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122202328	Acupuncture Cure,For Common Diseases	Dr. Raman Kapur		This book explains how acupuncture can help in preventing as well as treating a host of physical, emotional and psychological problems, including several that modern medicines has failed to treat. It describes how acupuncture works, its techniques and how the use of modern scientific methods has made it amongst the best and most effective drugless techniques.	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200171	Homoeopathic Cure For Common Diseases	Yudhvir Singh		Homoeopathy is fast gaining recognition and popularity as a safe, convenient and inexpensive system for curing a large number of diseases. This book, organised for quick and handy reference, provides homoeopathic cures and prevention for nearly all-common diseases as also many chronic ones. It includes a list of 100 most commonly required medicines for your family and a homoeopathic first aid guide. This book is based on the vast experience, over 50 years, of the author of curing thousands of patients through this system. The present book is already a bestseller in its Hindi edition, having been published in hardcover as well as paperback.	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170945550	New Insights On Writing Covered Call Options	Lehman And Mcmillan		Writing covered call options is an investment strategy that bridges the gap between equity and fixed-income investments. It offers much of the upside potential of equities but with less volatility. Thus, you can achieve long-term returns commensurate with stock market returns but with lower volatility and less downside risk. The trick is to combine stocks with writing call options against a stock you already own. Professional investment managers have been using this strategy for years. Now, U.S. options experts Richard Lehman and Lawrence McMillan unlock for you the secrets of writing covered call options in this groundbreaking, easy-to-understand guide. The book comprehensively covers everything you need to know, from the mechanics of implementation to option strategies that are best suited to your investment goals, complete with caveats that investors must understand before writing covered call options. Covered call writing can be used by any stock owner and does not require huge minimums, margin accounts, or advanced theoretical analysis. New Insights on Writing Covered Call Options shows how to use this powerful and accessible investment technique, giving you the edge to enhance your returns and lower your risk.		Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788170947295	51 Income Tax Tips For Investors	Lakhotia&Subhash		Here are 51 innovative, tax-saving tips for investors by one of India's top taxation expert, Subhash Lakhotia - 'Tax Guru' of the highly popular TV show Awaaz on CNBC channel. Tapping your "Invisible" funds Tax planning for joint bank accounts Cash flow chart to save taxes Caution: Don't invest out of allowances Investing for minor children Tax concessions on real estate investments Life Insurance: Financial security plus reasonable returns Investors Beware: The taxman is watching your big spends Second residential property is a Tax burden Money-making ideas in real estate Tax advantages of mutual fund investing Investing in shares and mutual funds on borrowed money is a taxing idea Tips for tax-smart investment planning by senior citizens Tax free income from residential real estate Tax saving even on unpaid interest on housing loan How to maintain a record of your investments Important aspects in drafting a will for investment planning Plus, many more.	2008	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788170946311	In Search Of Ethical Leadership	Russi M Lala		In a time of increasing ethical ambivalence, the new chapter on J. R. D. Tata's business ethics is particularly illuminating. It brings out the wide canvas on which this titan of Indian industry chose to both define and practice ethics with remarkable business success. The instances of great leaders chosen by the author are drawn from different walks of life and the rich insights and understandings offered by the book would benefit leaders in every field of human endeavour, whether it be business, military, public service or education.	2006	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788170947103	Trading Rules From The Masters	Jenks&Philip		In this book 105 of the world's top experts share their wisdom in the form of concise, ready-to-use rules for investing in stocks, mutual funds, bonds, etc. in varying market conditions and situations: Rules of asset allocation Rules for valuing shares Stock selection rules Rules for investing in mutual funds Rules for investing in bonds Rules for investing in growth companies Sector investing rules How to profit from IPOs How to make money from turnaround stocks How to profit from buybacks How to make money from M&A situations Rules for investing in technology companies Rules for investing in small caps How to pick an investment manager Rules for investing by fundamentals Profiting from demographic trends Economic drivers of stock prices How to survive a bear market The investing methods of Warren Buffet		Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122201802	Ayurvedic cure for common diseases	N. Anjneya Murthy&D. P. Pandey		The book is written for the people who are interested in simple remedies to cure common diseases. The treatments described in this book are based on the authors' observations and clinical experiences for many years. The preparations described here are from the ancient Ayurvedic texts. Ayurveda is a science based on ancient Indian philosophy. It can appropriately be called 'The Science of Living'. Ayurveda traces its etymology to Ayush, meaning 'life', and Veda, which originates from vid or knowledge. Popularly speaking, Ayurveda can be defined as a medical science which helps the human body to keep fit, while providing cures from indigenous plants, animal products and minerals for ailments. Thus, being essentially a science of healing, it concentrates on what is required to lead a healthy, normal life. It deals not only with what is to be done when one falls ill, but also with what should be done to maintain one's health and vigour. Ayurveda contains details about body care and the various foods and drinks which promote health. Ayurveda is based on scientific principles of diagnosis and treatment. It differs from conventional medicine in the basic principles of investigation and assigning causes to processes rather than specific areas of physiology. This book comprises time-tested concepts of regulated diet and a healthy lifestyle, supported with remedies and treatments based on Ayurveda that are safe, effective and affordable.	1995-06-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170945383	Market Neutral Investing	G Joseph Nicholas		In volatile markets, controlling downside risk is critical in order to achieve strong returns and market-neutral investing has emerged as a leading method for achieving this goal. In this book, U.S. investment expert Joseph G. Nicholas explores important new market-neutral approaches to return enhancement and risk reduction. Market-neutral strategies help in eliminating certain market risks through offsetting long and short positions and can be used with all the different asset classes. The complexities created by the combination of longs, shorts, and leverage, however, make market-neutral strategies very different from conventional investments. Getting to know how these strategies work involves breaking them down into their basic components and then examining how those parts interact as a system with specific risk and reward characteristics	2005-03-01	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122204933	Man Eater of Malgudi	R K Narayan		Natraj is the likable owner of a print shop, a man with no enemies. His placid life is overturned when Vasu, a powerful taxidermist and a big blustering bully, moves into the attic above his shop; with him come stuffed hyenas, pythons, tigers and a retinue of dancing girls. When in search for a bigger game Vasu threatens the life of the temple elephant, the simple and timid print shop owner turns street-smart, becomes less of a pushover and is ready to take on the big bully... A sizzling temple dancer, Rangi, and Natraj's personal assistant Sastri, add to the novel's unique charm and delightfully wicked humour.	2009-11-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170944942	The Ramayana	R. K. Narayan		For centuries, Indians have held Rama to be the perfect man: unfailingly noble, utterly poised, fearless and strong, wise, compassionate and free from anger, a just ruler and an implacable foe of all wrongdoers. Countless others worship Rama as an avatar, a human incarnation of Lord Vishnu born to vanquish the forces of evil and establish a kingdom of perfect justice and harmony upon the earth. The Ramayana, one of lndia's greatest epics, lovingly unfolds the story of Rama's life. Ever since its original composition in Sanskrit by Vaimiki, possibly over 3,000 years ago, it has grown to be an all-pervasive and hugely-loved part of Indian life and ethos. Millions read it, re-read it, and revere it as a scripture. It is the perennially favourite bedtime story for children. And each autumn, Rama's victory over the mighty demon-king Ravana is celebrated through plays and dance-dramas in cities, towns and villages across the land. There is much festivity: crackers are exploded, sweets distributed and all houses are lit up in tribute to Rama. R.K. Narayan's Ramayana is inspired by a Tamil-version of the epic written by an eleventh century poet, Kamban. It offers the reader a compact yet unhurried retelling of this great epic, and succeeds marvellously in evoking its literary lustre which has shone undimmed through the centuries.	1987	Vision						ZZZ000000
9788122204452	365 Ways To Change Your World	Norman Vincent Peale		Change Your World. Have you got an idea? Try it! Do you have a dream? Live it! Do you have an ambition? Go for it! Have you some great impulse, some burning desire? Do it! Change Your World. What is wrong with having problems? The only people who have no problems are in cemeteries. Problems are a sign of life. So be glad you have them. It means you are alive. Change Your World. Everyday is a new beginning. All your yesterdays ended last night. This day is absolutely new. You've never lived it before. What an opportunity! Begin each day on the right foot! All of us need some kind of a daily lift to keep us going with full energy and enthusiasm. And perhaps nothing is mroe effective that a motivating and inspiring thought. For many years, Dr. Peale made it a practice to insert in his mind every day some inspiring thought and visualize it as seeping into his consciousness. His personal experience has been that such thoughts gradually permeate and affect attitudes. Sometimes he call them 'spirit lifters' for they do just that. And spirit lifting is needed by all of us. Brief in format but colossal in impact, each of the 'spirit lifters' - stories, anecdotes and wise-sayings - pack as inspirational wallop that will leave a lasting impact. They will dispel your doubts and fears, brighten each day of your life. This book presents 365 upbeat and positive thoughts. If you begin to feel 'down', take up the book and read one thought that day. And if one isn't enough, read a few more of them	2007-02-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122203394	Positive Imaging	Norman Vincent Peale		Imaging is positive thinking carried one step further. If you consistently picture the best, not the worst, happening to you, powerful forces will work to bring it about this is the central theme and message of this book. What is imagined in your mind tends to actualize itself. Thus, put imaging to work and your self-image will expand and grow, that is the sequence: first the germ of the idea, then the image of the idea, then the energy and determination to clothe it with reality and finally the triumphant reality.	2006-10-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122203103	Power Of The Plus Factor	Norman Vincent Peale		The power of the plus factor: a power that can change you dramatically into an entirely new person, one who is stronger, more confident, better balanced, more energetic, more resilient, more capable of coping with the ever increasing complexity of modern living. Through the actual experiences of men and women who have reinvented their lives, Dr. Peale shows how you can develop the inner potential of plus factor to transform your life and win success.	2006-10-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122203493	Reaching Your Potential	Norman Vincent Peale		You are greater than you think you are. No matter who you are or how old, once you begin to see yourself as an exceptional person, your potential begins to blossom	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200041	Why Some Positive Thinkers Get Powerful Results	Norman Vincent Peale		This straight-talking book may be the most important book you'll read this year... Victims of mediocrity are self-made says Dr. Peale. If you send out negative thoughts, negative thoughts will return. If you send out robust thoughts of faith, hope and optimism, positive thoughts will come surging back. Dr. Peale tells you how to get powerful results from positive thoughts and offers exciting remedies for turning self-doubt into self-esteem and achieving your goals. When you understand why you haven't achieved the success you want, you can look forward to fresh dreams and bigger challenges. You can overcome obstacles to your success and be a winner - no matter what has been holding you back.	2006-10-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122202632	Achieve Success And Happiness	A P Pereira		Here is book that tells you how to succeed and make yours a truly meaningful life. The author, Ajay Pereira, is well-known for his positive approach to life's opportunities and adversities and a firm believer that none can help you more than you can! He is the author of several best selling books including Success in 30 Days.	2000-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200317	Living with a Purpose	Dr. S Radhakrishnan		Dr. Radhakrishnan sketches the lives of fourteen individuals who have influenced India's life and culture significantly, and altered the course of its history. Among these are social reformers like Swami Dayanand and Raja Ram Mohan Roy, political thinkers and activists like Lala Lajpat Rai, Sardar Patel, Tilak and Gokhale and a giant among scientists, Jagdis Bose. All of them had one thong in common...they dreamt and had the courage and tenacity to turn their dreams into reality	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122204186	The second wife	Premchand&David Rubin		As an example of woman-centric literature which faithfully portrays its social milieu and era, The Second Wife stands in its own class. The novel marks the progress of the literary revolution generated by Premchand whereby realism and social relevance replaced the fantasy genre as central themes in Hindi literature. Charming and cultivated, the 15-year old Nirmala is married off to a middle-aged lawyer with three children...Human emotions like suspicion, compassion, jealousy, regret, anger and insecurity interplay with each other to give the novel its own ruthless logic which carries it forward to the ultimate tragedy. This book, titled Nirmala in Hindi, is the most recommended of Premchand's novels because of its narrative force and literary quality. The translator, Dr. David Rubin, American scholar and novelist, received his Doctorate in Comparative Literature at Columbia University, USA, and later taught Hindi literature at the same university.	2005-12-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122201222	How To Achieve Super Word Power	Ajay Rai		The hallmarks of success have one thing in common: a super word power, a command over vocabulary that reflects clarity of thought and precision in spoken and written expression. The more words you master, the greater is your control over success. You are not apt to be confused by the jargon increasingly found in professional, academic and bureaucratic life. You are in a healthier position to understand and evaluate what you read and hear. You become more comfortable in meetings and find it easier to speak in public. You begin to communicate on a more satisfying and a deeper level. And that is a proof of success. This book is designed and programmed to put you a step ahead. By the time you finish the book, you would have learnt and acquired over 500 new words, more than an average adult acquires in several years, words that will put you ahead of others.	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170946663	Swing Trading: A Guide To Profitable Short-Term Investing	Marc Rivalland		Swing trading is a method of profiting from the stock market's short-term upswings and downswings. And since such short-term swings are an ever-present phenomenon, knowledgeable swing traders can make money all the time, whether the market is going up or down - or, even, sideways. It's no wonder then that the numbers of swing traders are growing by the day. But not many are familiar either with the Gann swing chart, which is specifically designed for swing trading, or with the best swing trading tractics. In this book, expert swing trader Marc Rivalland, reveals: What swing trading is - and how you can trade swings What Gann swing charts are, how to contruct them - and how to use them for perfect market timing Which securities and indices work best for swing traders Swing trading techniques - capital needed, profit maximisation techniques, stop losses, setting profit targets, and mistakes to avoid How and when to close your trading positions and book profits How to integrate swing charts with point and figure charts to further improve your chances of success How to trade the big swings, how to make money in smaller swings and when it's best to sit on the sidelines and do nothing How long term buy-and-hold investors can profit from swing trading	2006-08-01	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122202571	Overcoming Stress	Dr. Christan Schriner		This book is about positive ideas, healthy attitudes and feeling good. It is about bouncing back to life and not letting everyday tensions, emotional upsets or stressful situations dent your cheerful nature and sunny disposition. The author, Dr. Christian Schriner, a practicing physiotherapist and an expert in stress management, discusses how you can handle and overcome stress as it happens. Anxiety, frustration and tension often result from our struggling to achieve something positive or resisting the negative, or tensely trying to resolve multiple problems. Based on years of experience, the author shares some of the most effective and successful techniques of rapidly releasing tension and emotional stress: ways of 'letting go'.	2006-10-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122204575	Joker in the Pack	Ritesh Sharma&Neeraj Pahlajani		This is a story of dreaming the great Indian middle class dream, and of life shaped - accidentally or by design, only God knows - by the great Indian middle class values. The joyride begins in the lap of two favourite pastimes of the nation - cricket and television - and after some shattered dreams, leads to the hallowed precincts of the venerated IIMs. It is a story of the life at the IIMs, and of life beyond. It is a story of how to play the IIM game successfully and beat the super distillation system refined by the IIMs to separate the chaff from the grain, the also-rans from the super achievers. The story has bit of raw truth. It is also tongue-in-cheek. It is designed to whet the appetite of those aspiring. It will evoke nostalgia amongst the alumni; it will also anger a few. Read on... you will either love it, or hate it, but will find it difficult to put down.	2007-09-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170946830	Indian Mutual Funds Handbooks	Sankaran&Sundar		Like in the US and Japan, mutual funds are on their way to becoming an indispensable investment avenue for Indian investors. This comprehensive handbook by an expert lays out the working of Indian mutual funds, their operational and regulatory mechanisms, the advantages and limitations of investing in them along with sensible approaches to personal financial planning. The author's experience of handling hundreds of training programmes ensures an engaging and easy to understand approach to mastering the subject.		Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122203240	Dump Your Hang-Ups Without Dumping Them On Others	Robert A Schuller		This book will help you understand why you behave the way you do. By following the 12 tried and true steps outlined in the book, you can begin a life long journey towards mental peace, optimistic outlook and great relationships.	2003	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122203929	Be An Extraordinary Person In An Ordinary World	Robert H Schuller		The people you will meet in this book are life changers. Their stories will motivate you at a deep and profound level. The message they bring to you is that no one of us is an ordinary person...each and everyone of us possesses extraordinary capabilities and immense potential. As Robert Schuller often says, 'God don't make no junk'.	2008	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200201	Success Is Never Ending,Failure Is Never Final	Robert H. Schuller		In this practical and empowering new book, Dr. Robert H. Schuller, the 'master of possibilities' shows how to triumph over fear and the unsubstantiated pleas that keep us from success, fulfillment, and happiness. Here Dr. Schuller reveals that your dreams, no matter how impossible they may seem, are the seeds for your success. By weeding out the impossibilities with his checklist, you uproot all the negatives and see the possibilities bloom into positives.	2006-10-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200256	Tough Times Never Last, But Tough People Do!	Robert H Schuller		Robert Schuller shares his philosophy of 'Possibility Thinking' and translates it into an action plan for success and shows you how to build a self-image with positive thoughts and know the truth that after every storm, there is a calm! Every problem has a solution. It is our attitude to get going when the going gets tough as well as fight to face the obstructions that deprive us of our mental or physical peace which is the key to every problem in our life. Life is full of ups and downs. All of us have problems, but through this book Schuller show you how to build a positive self-image and emerge a winner. No matter how tough times get, don't give up, manage the problem creatively and constructively, and you will succeed. We need to tackle our problems with courage, confidence and action. There's an old Chinese saying that goes, "If you live with a problem long enough, it could eventually become a blessing." Within every hardship in life, there is always a seed of an equivalent or greater benefit. All we have to do is look for it and act on it.	2006-10-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122204766	Born to Grow	Dr. Umesh Sharma		Your child's world is special, mysterious, exciting, confusing and yet complete. Written in easy-to-understand language, and full of real life examples, the book will help you see the world from your child's point of view and make parenting a never-ending joyous adventure.	2009-11-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170287476	I Believe: A Philosophy for the Global Society	Dr. Karan Singh		Dr. Singh is recognised as one of India's outstanding thinkers and leaders and has written many books and has lectured on political science, philosophy, education, religion and culture both in India and abroad. This book reveals the amazing depth and sweep of his mind.	2008	Rajpal & Sons						ZZZ000000
9788122202670	Preventing And Surviving Heart Attacks	Dr. T Smith		A guide to a lifetime of healthy heart and to a long life. Medical research and scientific studies have established beyond any doubt that coronary heart disease is preventable. And in those who may have a heart problem, it can be reversed. This book explains the background to common heart problems, and how we can help ourselves, whether we are still fit and healthy, or already have a heart or a circulation problem. It is an honest book. It presents the facts. It explains the symptoms of a heart disease, the newer diagnostic tests and the latest treatment available for regaining normal health. It debunks myths, ignores folklore and cuts through the confusion about risk factors, cures and other treatments. It recommends sensible living and a series of everyday simple dos and don'ts to keep you heart healthy and in mint condition	2006-09-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122204582	Inventing Millions	Paul Holper&Paul		21 inventions that changed the world and made millions. The book presents the perspicacity and creativity of twenty-one entrepreneurs, scientists and engineers whose ideas, accidents and even failures have changed their world and our world forever. Smaller is superior - Cell phones The greatest discover since fire - Microwave Scent of the century - Chanel 5 Making the world listen - Bionic ear Search for Success - Google Music on the move - iPods, etc		Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122202045	World's Most Amazing Puzzles	Charles Townsend		An outstanding collection of puzzles!		Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170945079	Strategic Financial Management	A.V Vedapurishwar		This book explores the contemporary concepts and trends in strategic financial management (SFM), particularly focusing on three cutting-edge areas. Mergers and Acquisitions : Increased global competition, regulatory changes, fast-changing technology, need for faster growth and excess industry capacity have fuelled mergers and acquisitions (M&A) in recent times. Here is an incisive review of emerging trends, risks involved, and what it takes to successfully implement mergers. Financial Risk Management: Following the deregulation of financial markets in many countries starting in the 1970s, the importance of financial risk management has increased significantly. Firms have to protect themselves from adverse impact on the values of their assets, liabilities, operating incomes and cash flows due to changes in financial parameters such as interest rates, exchange rates, stock indices, etc. Using case studies, an array of experts lay bare the conceptual issues involved and describe how to formulate risk management strategies. Linking Financial Performance with Corporate Strategy: The goal of corporate strategy is to ensure the long-term survival, growth and profitability of a company.		Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788170945178	Marketing is business,insights for the 21st century	Walter Vieira		Here is the professional marketer's guide to what's new, what's changed, and what hasn't at the dawn of the 21st century. Overlaying contemporary marketing lessons on proven marketing knowledge, India's pioneering marketing consultant draws from his 25 years of experience to offer rich insights into the new concepts and developments, including the Internet. As the world-renowned marketing guru Philip Kotler says in his foreword to this book, Walter Vieira is one of those few who have moved from marketing knowledge to marketing wisdom. It is his wisdom which he shares in this book with the help of a large number of real-life cases and examples encompassing the entire canvas of contemporary marketing	2002	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788170943310	Dictionary Of Futures And Options	Alan Webber		The Dictionary of Futures and Options is a comprehensive reference source of essential information for any investor involved in futures and options. Both the complete beginner and the seasoned professional will find this book invaluable. It contains all the basic terminology used throughout the international derivatives arena, as well as substantial descriptions of options strategies, the "Greek" letters, position exposure to certain measures, and more. This dictionary provides concise explanations of more than one thousand five hundred terms. Not just that. Important concepts are covered in much greater detail and discussed in depth. In addition, the appendices include graphics which will enable interested readers to absorb the intricacies of various derivative trading scenarios in a quick, but thorough, manner.		Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788170946700	Complete Guide To Point And Figure Charting	Heinrich Weber&Zieg Kermit		A Manual of Charting and Trading Techniques "Point-and-figure is the best of all technical analysis methods," assert the expert authors and demonstrate in this book how this method produces consistent and reliable profits. Not just that. The authors also show how to apply this most powerful trading tool to stocks, indices and other securities, highlighting the various buy and sell signals, and the precise entry and exit points - with loads of real life examples		Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122204704	51 Great Books You Should Have Read (and Probably Didn't)	Walsh&George		Simple words have had the most profound effect on the world - its history, literature, art, science, religion and economics. To know and to have read the great masters is to understand and appreciate the complex interaction of world events as the unfolded. 51 Great Books You Should Have Read (and Probably didn't) is the first attempt to organize the great literature, both fiction and non-fiction, in such a way as to demonstrate their world-wide impact. This invaluable book is a selection of 51 seminal works and a fascinating peep into the beliefs, teachings and thought-processes of some of the greatest and the finest minds who ever walked this planet. Every attempt has been made to introduce readers to books and literature that is international in scope and spans the centuries. The works included are from Homer's The Iliad, Plato's The Republic and Mahabharata to Nelson Mandela's The Long Walk to Freedom and Alan Turning's On Computable Numbers. The works chosen are not necessarily the most famous - nor are their authors. Rather, they are world literature masterpieces that every educated individual should have at least some familiarity with. In a few short pages, you will learn about the authors, their background and influences, as well as a good deal about the works themselves. In many ways this is a very sophisticated book with many important topics - but it is presented in an easy-to-read reference style. While note being simplistic by any means, every effort has been made to ensure basic understanding of the authors and their works. Do remember that the book has attempted to channel some of the greatest minds and the greatest works into a few pages - which is a trick in itself! Nevertheless, readers will get a treat of their intellectual lifetimes when they begin sampling the many and the variety of writers and books.		Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200911	Practical Ways To A Powerful Personality	George Weinberg		An impressive and powerful personality is an essential asset for each one of us today. In this useful and internationally acclaimed book, Dr. Weinberg, a practicing psychotherapist, shows how, by a judicious choice of correct actions, we can rid our personalities of fear, anxiety and shame. He illustrates his ideas with numerous examples and suggests practical ways to develop a powerful personality. The book shows how you can change your attitudes for the better.	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122204599	Extreme Sudoku	Orient Paperbacks		Addictive, dangerous and guaranteed to give you sleepless nights. 101 tricky puzzles for the advanced player		Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170947707	Midas Touch	John Train		This is the book that tells readers how to invest like the man known as "the Wizard of Omaha" and the investor with "the Midas Touch". Warren Buffett is the most successful investor alive - the only member of the Forbes 400 to have earned his fortune entirely through investing. Bestselling author John Train analyzes the strategies, based on the value approach, that have guided Buffett in his remarkable career, strategies that work even though Buffett operates a thousand miles from Wall Street. The Midas Tough was one of the first book to recognise Warren Buffett's spectacular record, and to attempt to explain how he achieved his success. It is short, lucid and written with style and wit. A worthy testimony to its remarkable subject.		Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788170947370	Knowledge Management From A To Z	Vedpuriswar&A V		Knowledge is increasingly the fundamental basis for achieving business advantage in today's competitive economy. All companies, and not just those in knowledge business, now look at knowledge existing within the enterprise - and its explicit use - for producing business returns, whether by way of cutting costs or in creating new products and services. This innovative quick-reference guide captures the essence of knowledge management in more than 225 crisp, alphabetically arranged topics	2009	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122200065	Book Of Numbers	Shakuntala Devi		Shakuntala Devi, the Human Computer, explains and simplifies everything you always wanted to know about numbers but was difficult to understand. This book contains all we ever wanted to know about numbers. Divided in three parts, the first will tells you everything about numbers, the second some anecdotes related with numbers and mathematicians, and the third some important tables that will help you always.	2006-10-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170944935	The Mahabharata	R. K. Narayan		With The Consumate Skill Of A Great Writer, He Recreates The Rythm And Grandeur Of This Great Epic Which Has Endured Through The Ages With Astonishing Vitality.	2001	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788170947202	Concise encyclopedia of Indian constitution	Subhash Chandra Kashyap&Shaunak Kashyap		India`s Constitution established the principles and structure of India`s polity as a representative domestic republic and is a charter of the basic rights and responsibilities of its citizens. Equally, the founding fathers saw the Constitution as an accommodative instrument of nation building for India`s multi-ethnic, multi-racial, multi-lingual and multi-religious society. This concise encyclopedia is a pioneering work. It contains close to 500 alphabetically arranged entries apanning the Constitution`s salient features and its basic structure, constitutional values, fundamental rights and fundamental duties of India`s citizens, the directive principles of State policy, the structure, powers and functioning of the executive, the legislature and the judiciary, administration and governance both at the Centre and in the states and the Centre-state relations, elections, law-making, freedoms, reservations and affirmative action, minority rights, constitutional amendments, etc. The information is up-to-date as regards various relevant judicial pronouncements and constitutional amendments. In addition, the author`s Introduction provides a succinct overview and context of the making and working of India`s Constitution. Written by a notable expert, this is an invaluable ready-reference resource of India`s Constitution for lawyers and the judiciary, political commentators and media professionals, legislators and bureaucrats, scholars and students, and also the informed and active civil society.	2009	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9780195692259	Video Production	Vasuki Belavadi		Video Production: Tools and Techniques has been designed as a textbook forundergraduate and postgraduate students of Mass Communication, who want tospecialize in the area of Video Production. The book is a step-by-step guide onmaking effective video programmes. It covers all aspects of video production -pre-production, production and post-production techniques. An additional feature of this book will be a chapter on broadcast technology,which will enable students to understand transmission and reception conceptsbetter. The book will also serve as a reference and guide to those interested intaking up video production independently.	2008-02-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780198064633	Hotel Facility Planning	Tarun Bansal		Hotel Facility Planning is a comprehensive textbook designed especially for the degree/diploma students of hotel management. The book covers the basics of facility planning. The concepts are explained with the help of tables, diagrams and illustrations.Beginning with the detailed classification, planning considerations and design of hotels, the book also introduces the kitchen layouts, equipment, safety requirements and stewarding layouts. Apart from the issues directly related to hotel facility planning, it also covers the topics of car parking,project management, energy conservation and planning for the physically challenged. The book would be very useful to hotel management students and professionals in understanding the various operations related to hotel facility planning.	2010-03-01	Oxford University Press						BUS000000
9780198063155	Intelligent Systems and Control Principles and Applications	Laxmidhar Behera&Indrani Kar		Intelligent Systems and Control: Principles and Applications is a textbook for undergraduate level courses on intelligent control, intelligent systems, adaptive control, and non-linear control. The book covers primers in neural networks, fuzzy logic, and non-linear control so that readers caneasily follow intelligent control techniques. Design principles for fuzzy and neural control schemes have been enumerated with an easy understanding for readers. Stability analysis of control systems have been provided with rigour. Intelligent control systems have been simulated for benchmarknon-linear systems across disciplines such as electrical system, electro-mechanical systems, and process control systems. Details of real-time experiments for cart-pole inverted pendulum system and seven degrees of freedom (DOF) robot manipulator using intelligent control schemes have been includedin the book to illustrate efficacy of these advanced control schemes. A chapter on quantum neural networks and its application has been included to illustrate the importance of the emerging research in quantum computational intelligence in control. Many examples with Matlab codes have been providedfor readers to comprehend the subject matter provided in this book. Each chapter includes a set of exercise problems for readers to get well-versed with the subject. C-codes for selected exercise problems have been included in the CD accompanying the book. Simulation results and experimental videos are also included in the CD. This book can be used as a referencefor courses such as Artificial Neural Networks and Fuzzy Logic, Artificial Intelligence, Instrumentation and Control, and Advanced Control Systems. Also practicing engineers in RandD sectors will be greatly benefitted from this book.	2010-03-01	Oxford University Press India						ZZZ000000
9780198061847	Software Testing	Naresh Chauhan		Software Testing is specially developed to serve as a text book for the undergraduate and postgraduate students of Computer Science Engineering and Information Technology. The book focusses on software testing as not just being the phase of software development life cycle but a completeprocess to fulfill the demand of quality software. Written in a very lucid style with crisp and to-the-point descriptions, the book covers chapters on the various software testing methodologies, test management, software metrics, software quality assurance, test automation, object-oriented testing and debugging. It also describes all the methods fortest case design which is the prime issue for software testing. The book is interactive and includes a large number of test cases, examples, MCQs and unsolved problems for practice.	2010	Oxford University Press						TEC009000
9780195653076	A Class-book of Botany	A. C. Dutta&T. C. Dutta		This popular textbook of botany familiarizes students with the Latin and Greek technical and scientific terms that enable the students to master the subject of terminology more easily. It covers complete botany courses followed at the pre-university, intermediate, pre-medical, and higher secondary levels, where topics have been dealt with on the basis of recent research. It also explains each topic in a simple language making subject matters easily understandable for the readers.Preface to the Seventeenth EditionPreface to the First EditionIntroductionPART I. MORPHOLOGY1. Diversity of Plant Life2. Parts of a 'Flowering' Plant3. The Seed4. The Root5. The Stem6. The Leaf7. Defence Mechanisms in Plants8. The Inflorescence9. The Flower10. Pollination11. Fertilization12. The Seed13. The Fruit14. Dispersal of Seeds and FruitsPART II. HISTOLOGY1. The Cell2. The Tissue3. The Tissue System4. Anatomy of Stems5. Anatomy of Roots6. Anatomy of Leaves7. Secondary Growth in ThicknessPART III. PHYSIOLOGY1. General Considerations2. SoilA. Physiology of Nutrition3. Chemical Composition of the Plant4. Absorption of Water and Mineral Salts5. Conduction of Water and Mineral Salts6. Manufacture of Food7. Special Modes of Nutrition8. Translocation and Storage of Food9. Digestion and Assimilation of Food10. Respiration11. MetabolismB. Physiology of Growth and Movements12. Growth13. MovementsC. Physiology of Reproduction14. ReproductionPART IV. ECOLOGY1. Preliminary Considerations2. Ecological Groups3. EcosystemPART V. CRYPTOGAMS1. Divisions and General Description2. Algae3. Microbes: Bacteria and Viruses4. Fungi5. Lichens6. Bryophyta7. PteridophytaPART VI. GYMNOSPERMS1. Introduction2. Cycas3. PinusPART VII. ANGIOSPERMS1. Principles and Systems of Classification2. Selected Families of Dicotyledons3. Selected Families of MonocotyledonsPART VIII. EVOLUTION AND GENETICS1. Organic Evolution2. GeneticsPART IX. RECENT ADVANCES IN BOTANY1. Genetic Engineering2. Industrial Microbiology3. Biotechnology4. Tissue CulturePART X. ECONOMIC BOTANY1. General Description2. Economic PlantsAppendix I: QuestionsAppendix II: Glossary of Names of PlantsIndex"[T]he book is written in an easy-to-understand way and is also well illustrated with black-and-white line drawings and a few photos. . . . In summary, A Class-Book of Botany undoubtedly serves its purpose in many ways. It is an inexpensive, readable, illustrated text of introductory botany. Although in many parts it sometimes is written much like a dictionary of encyclopedia, there are many illustrations and explanatory charts." -- Plant Science Bulletin	2000-06-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780198061113	Managerial Economics	Suma Damodaran		This book explores the core concepts of managerial economics and supplements them with relevant caselets, examples, and detailed case studies.Students will find the book highly useful for its coverage of key concepts of managerial economics. The revised edition aims to provide an application-oriented focus to the subject.	2010	Oxford University Press, Incorporated						ZZZ000000
9780198065128	Human Development in India,Challenges for a Society in Transition	Desai&Sonalde B. Desai&Amaresh Dubey&Brijlal Joshi&Mitali Sen&Abusaleh Shariff		This volume looks beyond conventional and basic welfare indicators of human development (HD) to a more complex evaluation of HD, by taking a holistic perspective on people's lived experiences which is based on a comprehensive detailed survey. The authors consider that inequality in well-being, capabilities, and opportunities by gender, caste, tribe, religion, and place of residence are markers that are important for addressing the challenges that India is facing in an era of transition, It is the global forces that have widened thedisparities between metropolitan cities and villages and are also responsible for the failure of public institutions in spite of some noteworthy achievements.	2010	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195676846	Computer Fundamentals and Programming in C	Pradip Dey&Manas Ghosh		Computer Fundamentals and Programming in C is designed to serve as a textbook for students of undergraduate computer engineering, MCA and BCA for the introductory course on computers and programming.The book begins with an introduction to the number systems, binary arithmetic, logic gates and basic concepts of operating systems. The rest of the book provides an exhaustive coverage of programming in C for the reader to acquire skills of writing programs in C. Some advanced features of C have also been included. The book also includes a comprehensive case study on simulation of OS system calls using C launguage.Interspersed with numerous solved examples based on daily life, the theory is also well supported by plenty of review questions and programming exercises at the end of each chapter. Written in a clear and lucid style, the book encourages self-study and motivates the student towards independent problem solving.	2006-05-25	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780198062578	Leadership and Team Building	Uday Kumar Haldar		Leadership and Team Building is a comprehensive textbook designed to meet the needs of post graduate management students specializing in Human Resource Management. It explores the key concepts of Leadership as well as Team Building through various examples and caselets. The chapters begin withan opening case which is carried further to the end of the chapter which also discusses questions based on it.Beginning with a conceptual background on Leadership with Perspectives of Effective Leadership Behaviour, the book discusses the Theories of Effective Leadership and Contemporary Leadership Styles. Further, it goes on to explain the concepts of Motivation, Satisfaction, and Performance. This isfollowed by chapters on Leadership Behaviour discussing their dimensions and assessments and Leadership Development which completes the first part, "Leaders and Leadership" of the book. The second part of the book, "Team Building and Activities" deals with chapters on Essentials of Building andManaging Teams and Team Effectiveness. It also discusses the various Research Findings, Trainings and some Team Building Activities with their Outcomes. The textbook concludes with Appendices on Followership and the Biographies of various successful International and National Leaders.Students of management will find this book useful for its applications of theoretical concepts explained through illustrative examples, flowcharts, semantic diagrams and case studies with Indian context.	2009-11-01	Oxford University Press						BUS000000
9780198063650	Corporate Communication:Principles & Practices	Dr.J.Jethwaney		Corporate Communications: Principles and Practices is a comprehensive textbook designed to meet the requirements of the Post Graduate students studying Mass Communication and Public Relations. It is developed to help the students understand the various aspects of Corporate Communication. Thebook uses a lot of real life recent examples and cases to elucidate its conceptions.The book begins with introducing the concept, evolution and the importance of Corporate Reputation Management in corporate communication and goes on to describe the notion of Employee Communication and the various tools used for managing the Government Relations. Following this, it describes thesignificance and types of Media and Media Relations, Brand Promotion. It pays special attention to practices followed by various countries with respect to Corporate Social Responsibility as well as explores the growth of Financial Communication in the Indian Financial Systems, Investor Relations andthe financial media.. The book concludes with chapters on Crisis Communication, some researches and the Laws and Ethics followed in the corporate vis-a-vis the kind of communication practiced.Owing to its balanced approach, the book would be a benefit for the Mass Communication and Public Relations Students. It will also be useful as a reference for the professionals.	2010	Oxford University Press						BUS000000
9780195669855	Management information systems	Jaiswal&Monika Mital		Management Information Systemsmeets the requirement of MBA students for a comprehensive textbook on the strategic use of information systems (IS) for decision making in organizations. It explores the core concepts of management information systems through managerial applications and supplements them with detailed case studies.The book provides in-depth coverage of the three components of IS in a business organization from an Indian perspective: core concepts of information systems, business information systems, and management issues in information systems. Among the important topics discussed are: knowledge management systems, enterprise application and planning, installation and use of IT architecture and IS for business processes, and the role of the chief information officer in IS leadership. It pays specialattention to emerging areas, such as telecommunications for business, enterprise resource systems, IS for business effectiveness and management, and the role of critical success factors in IS implementation.* expounds on issue and challenges faced by Indian organizations in business applications of information systems* illustrates scenario building analysis and solving business problems through IS solutions* includes classroom-tested cases in key areas of IS as well as caselets from industry* provides end-chapter questions that focus on critical thinking as also suggestions for group discussions and outdoor projects	2004	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780198063582	Programming in JAVA	Sachin Malhotra&Saurabh Chaudhary		Java Programming is designed to serve as a textbook for undergraduate students of computer science and engineering and computer applications.The book covers the concepts of Object Oriented Programming before commencing with the fundamentals of JAVA. The reasons behind evolution of JAVA and the reasons for the replacement of C++ by JAVA as an Object Oriented Programming are also discussed. It includes topics such as Java Sockets, Applets,Swings, and Java Collections and Iterators. The book also encompasses all the modifications and enhancements related to JAVA 5.0 and JAVA 6. Numerous programming exercises are interspersed in the chapters for the better understanding of concepts.Besides having detailed exercises at the end of each chapter, the book has some key review questions along with their answers at the end, which could be helpful to the readers in revising the concepts learnt.	2010-03-01	Oxford University Press						COM000000
9780195690866	Understanding organizational behaviour	Udai Pareek		Understanding Organizational Behaviour is a comprehensive and systematic book on Organizational Behaviour in the Indian context. It explores core concepts and theories of organizational behaviour through managerial applications. The book is highly informative and is a fine source of learning for students and teachers of Management in the Indian context. It is simple, lucid and yet profound in its content and design, and covers all leveles at which behavioural knowledge is relevant.	2008-05-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195673937	Environmental Studies	Rajagopalan&R. Rajagopalan		"The book aims to create increased sensitivity among students for environmental issues. It also aims to develop an appreciation for the seriousness of the environmental crisis at the global and local levels. Designed to meet the UGC guidelines for a compulsory course on environmental studies, the book is meant for undergraduates of any discipline - from commerce to chemistry, English to electronics. It assumes minimal background in mathematics and science."--BOOK JACKET.	2005	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195695243	Entrepreneurship Management	Rajeev Roy		Entrepreneurship Management is a comprehensive textbook in the Indian context for management students. It is meant to familiarize students with the ground realities of starting and managing their own business. The book has recent research inputs on entrepreneurship.	2008-04-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195676952	Business Communication	Meenakshi Raman&Prakash Singh		Business Communication is a comprehensive textbook that is specially designed to meet the needs of students pursuing Masters in Business Administration/Postgraduate Diploma in Management. Users will find this book highly useful for its coverage of decision-making for the business organization in relation to managerial communication, effective oral, written, and group communication skills, corporate communication, negotiation, and intercultural communication in business. Thetext is suitably interspersed through caselets, tables, and diagrams.	2006	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195671087	Industrial Relations	C. S. Venkata Ratnam		Industrial Relations is a comprehensive textbook specially designed to meet the needs of MBA students. It discusses theories and the policy framework and their impact on the relations between labour and management in the manufacturing sector. It explores core concepts explained through managerial applications, particularly in the Indian context. The exposition provides in-depth coverage of the four key components of industrial relations: theoretical framework, institutionalstructure and policy framework, and industrial relations in practice. This provides a framework of analysis to better understand how managers can effectively tackle problems related to relations with unionised workers' groups. This book contains well-illustrated chapters, in particular, on trade unionstructures, collective bargaining, dispute resolution and industrial harmony, employment security and management of redundancies, and issues in labour policy and reform. Emerging areas such as competitiveness, productivity, technological change, and industrial relations, industrial relations and human resource policies, and ILO, India and international labour standards, are added features. Users shall find this book highly useful for its coverage of the policy framework for labour and industryon managerial decision-making, the management of trade unions in India, guiding issues for organizations on labour policies and reform, collective bargaining, rewards systems, and employee participation in the management of industrial relations. It also presents and analytical interpretation oflabour statistics and data, through caselets, tables, diagrams and annexures.	2006-03-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195658477	Nine Indian Women Poets,An Anthology	Eunice De Souza		This anthology covers nine Indian women poets writing in English. Edited by the poet and academic Eunice de Souza, it brings together poems which are witty, ironic, poignant and technically assured. The book includes a general introduction and critical appraisals of each poet.	2001	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195690705	Managing Retailing,Text and Cases	Piyush Kumar Sinha&Dwarika Prasad Uniyal		Managing Retailing - Text and Cases is all about running the business of retailing - as a retailer or as a marketing manager of a company. It brings out the conceptual, strategic and managerial frameworks that a retailer may use to further the business and achieve its desiered objectives Designed as a fundamental textbook on the subject, the book would also benefit professionals in managing day - to - day retail operations as well as build a long - term sustainable strategy for competitive advantage.	2007-07-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195694574	Financial Management	Rajiv Kulkarni&Anil Misra		Financial Management is a comprehensive textbook for management studentswith a managerial decision-making orientation and application of conceptsthrough case studies. The textbook deals with concepts of core finance withemphasis on specialized sub-areas.	2008	Oxford University Press						BUS000000
9780198061878	Circuits & Networks: Analysis, Design, And Synthesis	M. S. Sukhija&M S Sukhija And T K Nagsarkar		Circuit and Networks: Analysis, Design, and Synthesis has been designed for undergraduate students of Electrical, Electronics, and Instrumentation Engineering. The book is structured to provide an in-depth knowledge of electrical circuit analysis, design, and synthesis. Beginning with the basic concepts of electrical circuits, the book includes chapters on nodal and mesh analysis, signals and waveforms, reactive circuits, network theorems, graph theory, Laplace transforms, network functions, two-port networks, filters, attenuators, etc. Written in a lucid style,the book comprehensively provides the applications of various tools and techniques for analysis and synthesis of circuits through typical solved examples, numerous figures, and a large number of objective and numerical problems for practice. Towards the end of every chapter, the book also includesrecapitulation of the key formulae introduced in the chapter to provide clarity and highlight their importance.The book also provides appendices on MATLAB and PSPICE to illustrate solving of circuit analysis related problems using these softwares. It also includes a Self Appraisal Test at the end of the book consisting of multiple choice questions and an appraisal grid that will help students appraisethemselves on the concepts learnt through the various chapters in the book.	2010	Oxford University Press						TEC009000
9780198061182	An African diary,12 days in Kenya's magical wilderness	Thapar&Valmik		Pictorial work of the author's twelve days experiences in Ol ari Nyiro, a sprawling wildlife paradise in northern Kenya.	2009	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780198067696	The Sociology of Formal Organizations	Abha Chaturvedi&Anil Chaturvedi		Given the critical role of organizations in shaping every facet of society, an enquiry into the many dimensions of society involves an examination of its organizations. Covering the civil service, hospitals, schools, cooperatives, business firms, development agencies, and trade unions, this reader seeks to develop a distinct identity for the theme of formal organizations in the field of sociological research. Drawing upon different disciplines, The Sociology of Formal Organizations discusses important concepts and models, and provides an insight into the dynamics of organizations--how they experience and cope with conflicts of ideology, interests, priorities, and goals; and sustain their identities and maintain their boundaries. The essays also examin the extent to which organizations are culture specific, and the manner in which power and politics exhibit themselves.	2010	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9788182743915	7 DEADLY SINS CORPORATE MISMANAGEMENT	Dr. Udai Vir Singh		The volcano of "Satyam's Great Fraud", an over Rs.7,000 crore swindle by its Chairman and CEO, Mr. Ramalinga Raju, the largest in India's known economic history, burst into the open during the chilly days of early January 2009, when the painfuyl dust of the Mumbai8 carnage of 26/11 was just starting to settle. Its debris inflicted painful wounds on the psyche of its over 50,000 employees, thousands of international customers, and millions of investors in India and abroad. Several of its bankers, financers, suppliers, auditors, and senior managers too did not escape monor economic and psychological wounds. The basic issue thrown up by this disgraceful fall of one of India's internationally iconic IT-brands, besides frauds and financial malfunctioning, is that of corporate mis-governance. Satyam is not the only culprit in the corporate forest of India. There are several Satyams in India's realty and infrastructure sectors where those in the know say that top politicians have dirtied their hands and faces fairly substantially. They are awaiting exposure which will require whistleblowers of exemplary courage and resourcefulness. On lower scales, as per the author's personal experience, minor Satyams happen every days in almost every Indian corporate identity, It will, indeed, be impossible to locate an exception. To sum up, Satyam basically highlights the issue of corporate mismanagement. This book elaborates the author's personal encounters with a number of situations of corporate mismanagement over a period of over 40 years during which he passed through unrighteous business environments. Each and every reader of this book, if he or she has some exposure to corporate work environment, is guaranteed emergence of a cascade of similar situations on their mental screen, while going through it.	2009-02-01	Pentagon Press						ZZZ000000
9788179914441	Tabla, for advanced students	Sadanand Naimpalli		As Pandit Shiv Kumar Sharma Says In His Foreword In The Book, In This Books Detailed System Of Playing- Peshkaar, Kaida, Tihai, Rela, Gat, Paran And Other Elements Of Different Gharanas Of Tabla Playing. Besides That There Are Also Some Very Rare Taals With All The Material Of Playing Solo Tabla. With Dedication, Hard Research Work And Commitment Behind This Effort Makes This Book Very Useful Reference Book For The Students Of Tabla And Musicians In General And This Book Will Surely Find A Place In All The Best Institutes Of India And Abroad.It Will Also Guide Tabla Players Who Are Looking For Traditional Authentic Knowledge Of Tabla Playing. Author Sadanand Naimpalli, Himself One Of The Finest Maestros In The Country Today, Takes Up The Challenge In Theory And Practice Of Tabla For Advanced Students Of Tabla. His Book Will Make A Student Appreciate Fully The Language Of One Of The Most Versatile Percussion Instruments In The World Its Grammar, Aesthetics, Its Powerful Idioms And The Sheer Poetry And Sophistication When Handled By A Competent Player.	2009	Popular Prakashan						ZZZ000000
9788179914144	In The Wonderland Of Investment - 2009-2010 (28Th Ed.)	Sandeep Shanbhag&A N Shanbhag		A kibitzer is the best player at a cards table who stands behind players handing out criticism and advice. The smart player uses this wisdom to overcome all the odds of the game. For over two decades, A.N. Shanbhag and Sandeep Shanbhag have helped numerous investors strike gold In the Wonderland of Investment. The book is full of surprises for both the experienced and the amateur player. Mutual Funds are still an attractive option, bank fixed deposits lose some luster. In the ever-changing money game, this edition will help you with the latest information to: Tear your shares and go Demat Have another look at company FDs Evaluate company shares scientifically Make a sensible plan for retirement Grasp the mathematics of finance Get the best of Mediclaim policies, and Evade tax, legally of course Contents : Contents Abbreviations Foreword Preface to the Earlier Editions FA08 and the Common Individual Introduction Part I: Axe, Not Evade, Tax 1. Income Tax 2. Wealth Tax 3. Gifts Gone? Not Really 4. Salary & Perquisites 5. Retirement Benefits 6. Capital Gains 7. House Property 8. Hindu Undivided Family 9. Partnership Firms & AoP 10. Religious & Charitable Trusts 11. Private Family Trusts 12. Tredious TDS Part II: Select and Collect 13. Public Provident Fund 14. National Savings Certificates 15. Insurance on Life 16. Equity-Linked Saving Schemes 17. ULIP of Insurance Companies 18. PAN is PAIN 19. STT, CTT & DDT 20. Mutual Funds 21. Bulls, Bears and Bakras 22. Senior Citizens Savings Schemes 23. Post Office Small Savings Schemes 24. RBI Savings Bonds 25. Bhavishya Nirman Bonds 26. Scheduled Banks 27. Tear the Share 28. Futures and Options 29. Mediclaim Part III: Appendices-Mathematics of Finance A. Compound Interest B. Annuity C. Present Value D. Interest at Higher Frequency E. Advance Contribution F. Effective Rate of Interest After Tax G. General Formula Part IV: Tables-Measure Your Money 1. Compound Amount of Re. 1 2. Annuity Value of Re. 1 3. Present Value Re. 1 Received After `n` Years 4. Present Value of Re. 1 Received Annually For `n` Year 5. Compound Amount of Re. 1 at Higher Frequencies 6. Break-Even & Equivalent Rates Received Annually Epilogue Bibliography		Popular Prakashan Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788132104742	Failure Is Not An Option: 6 Principles For Making Student Success The Only Option (2Nd Edition)	Alan M Blankstein		How did a tough, D school in Brooklyn that was about to be closed down become an A school in less than 3 years? How did a large school district in the Midwest use data to drive effective school improvement that led 15 of their 88 schools to make AYP for the first time? How are entire nations like Finland ensuring smooth leadership transition and capacity to sustain student success?	2010-01-01	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788132105282	TEACHING ENGLISH	Alyson Midgley Carol Evans&Phil Rigby Lynne Warham Peter Woolnough		Reflective practice is at the heart of effective teaching, and this book helps you develop into a reflective teacher of English. Everything you need is here: guidance on developing your analysis and self-evaluation skills, the knowledge of what you are trying to achieve and why, and examples of how experienced teachers deliver successful lessons.  The book shows you how to plan lessons, how to make good use of resources and how to assess pupils` progress effectively. Each chapter contains points for reflection, which encourage you to break off from your reading and think about the challenging questions that you face as a new teacher.  If you are training to teach English this book will help you to improve your classroom performance, by providing you with practical advice, but also by helping you to think in depth about the key issues. It also provides examples of the research evidence that is needed in academic work at Masters level, essential for anyone undertaking an M-level PGCE	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788132105299	TEACHING SCIENCE	Matt Cochrane Tony Liversidge&Bernard Kerfoot Judith Thomas		Reflective practice is at the heart of effective teaching, and this book helps you develop into a reflective teacher of Science. Everything you need is here: guidance on developing your analysis and self-evaluation skills, the knowledge of what you are trying to achieve and why, and examples of how experienced teachers deliver successful lessons. It includes advice about obtaining your first teaching post, and about continuing professional development.  The book shows you how to plan creative lessons, how to make good use of resources and how to assess pupils` progress effectively. Each chapter contains points for reflection, which encourage you to break off from your reading and think about the challenging questions that you face as a new teacher.  If you are training to teach science this book will help you to improve your classroom performance, by providing you with practical advice, but also by helping you to think in depth about the key issues. It also supplements guidance on undertaking a research project with examples of the research evidence that is needed in academic work at Masters level, essential for anyone undertaking an M-level PGCE	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788132105275	TEACHING HISTORY : Developing as a Reflective Secondary Teacher	Ian Phillips		Reflective practice is at the heart of effective teaching, and this book will help you develop into a reflective teacher of history. Everything you need is here: guidance on developing your analysis and self-evaluation skills, the knowledge of what you are trying to achieve and why, and examples of how experienced teachers deliver successful lessons.  The book shows you how to plan lessons, how to make the best use of resources and how to assess pupils` progress effectively. Each chapter contains points for reflection, which encourage you to break off from your reading and think about the challenging questions that you face as a history teacher.  If you are training to teach history, citizenship or social sciences this book will help you to improve your classroom performance by providing you with practical advice, and also by helping you to think in depth about the key issues. It provides examples of the research evidence that is needed in academic work at Masters level, essential for anyone undertaking an M-level PGCE.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788132105657	Development Theory (6Th Edition)	Jan Nederveen Pieterse		This is the second edition of this successful book. Written by one of the leading authorities in the field, the book:  Situates students in the expanding field of development theory Provides an unrivalled guide to the strengths and weaknesses of competing theoretical approaches Explains key concepts Examines the shifts in theory Offers an agenda for the future  In this book, the author brings a huge range of experience and knowledge about the relationship between the economically advanced and the emerging and developing nations.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788132105251	TEACHING ICT	Carl Simmons&Claire Hawking		Reflective practice is at the heart of effective teaching, and this book helps you develop into a reflective teacher of ICT. Everything you need is here: guidance on developing your analysis and self-evaluation skills, the knowledge of what you are trying to achieve and why, and examples of how experienced teachers deliver successful lessons.  The book shows you how to plan lessons, how to make good use of resources and how to assess pupils` progress effectively. Each chapter contains points for reflection, which encourage you to break off from your reading and think about the challenging questions that you face as a new teacher.  If you are training to teach ICT this book will help you to improve your classroom performance, by providing you with practical advice, but also by helping you to think in depth about the key issues. It also provides examples of the research evidence that is needed in academic work at Masters level, essential for anyone undertaking an M-level PGCE.	2010	Sage Publications India Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781419505034	Kidnapped,how irresponsible marketers are stealing the minds of your children	Dan S. Acuff&Robert H. Reiher		""I've been waiting a long time for someone inside youth marketing to expose the industry for its unethical and manipulative practices. ""Kidnapped"" does that and more: The scope of the ground it covers is encyclopedic; it captures the vulnerabilities of each stage of development; and, most important, it empowers parents by offering as many do's as don'ts. This book is terrific!"""--"Barbara F. Meltz, Parenting Columnist, "The Boston Globe" Children Are Sitting Ducks in Today's High-Powered World of Commercialization According to the American Psychological Association, in 2004 alone young people were targeted with over $12 billion of advertising. Childhood obesity rates are skyrocketing, and children watch close to 1,000 hours of television every year, nearly 70 percent of which has some sort of sexual content. Almost 80 percent of the video games children play promote violence as a form of casual entertainment. America's children are under assault, according to "Kidnapped: How Irresponsible Marketers Are Stealing the Minds of Your Children, "by" "youth marketing pioneers Daniel S. Acuff, PhD, and Robert H. Reiher, PhD. Readers will learn insights on: - 12 brain-based learning principles that guide child development""- 15 developmental "blind spots" that make children sitting ducks for advertisers and marketers- The impact of repeated images of violence, sexuality, and substance abuse In "Kidnapped," parents and educators discover how to recognize and combat unethical practices, while retailers and marketers learn how to provide healthier and more positive products and programs for our nation's youth.	2005-06-01	Dearborn Trade Pub.						ZZZ000000
9781419552939	Kaplan 12 Practice Tests for the SAT 2008	Kaplan		*Includes:The most SAT practice available12 full-length practice examsOver 600 math grid-ins and multiple-choice questionsOver 800 sentence completion and reading comprehension questionsOver 500 writing multiple-choice questions12 essay prompts, model essays, and a guide to self-gradingComplete answer explanations	2007-07-03	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781419551512	USMLE Step 2 Clinical Skills Qbook	Elliott Wolfe&Kaplan		Features:Expert advice on how to master the CS examRealistic practice casesProven strategies for doctor-patient communication, history taking, the physical exam, and patient note writing	2006-09-01	Kaplan						ZZZ000000
9781419551307	Kaplan GMAT 2008 Comprehensive Program	Kaplan&Simmons Bruce		"Kaplan GMAT 2008: Comprehensive Program" offers the most up-to-date content review for the GMAT. This invaluable guide also presents Kaplan's proven test-taking strategies for achieving a higher score, as well as an online diagnostic test to target areas for score improvement. No serious test-taker should be without it. Features: * 2 full-length practice tests--1 in the book and 1 online* Hundreds of additional practice questions * Detailed answer explanations* Personalized online progress report that adapts to a student's goals and schedule	2007-06-05	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781419551413	Kaplan GMAT Verbal Workbook	Kaplan		Features:*Targeted review of all the tested materials on the Verbal section of the GMAT*Practice sets for every question type*Special section on the Analytical Writing Assessment*Effective strategies*Practice test for GMAT Verbal section	2006-08-01	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781419551505	Kaplan USMLE Step 2 CK Qbook	Kaplan		Features:Hundreds of exam-style questions in USMLE vignette formatComprehensive and detailed explanations of the correct and incorrect answer choicesCoverage of the most exam-relevant subjects to help students prepare efficientlyTest-taking and study strategies guides with expert perspectives on how to prepare for the exams	2006-09-01	Kaplan						ZZZ000000
9781419551529	USMLE Step 3 Qbook	Kaplan		Features:Hundreds of exam-style questions in USMLE vignette formatComprehensive and detailed explanations of the correct and incorrect answer choicesCoverage of the most exam-relevant subjects to help students prepare efficientlyTest-taking and study strategies guides with expert perspectives on how to prepare for the exams	2006-09-01	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781419552069	Kaplan GRE exam premier program	Kaplan		With Kaplan's Premier Program, test takers get the most complete and up-to-date information on test changes, as well as unique tools and techniques to maximize their scores. The accompanying CD-ROM features three practice tests, an interactive online study planner, and more.	2008-06-03	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781419551420	Kaplan GRE Exam Subject Test: Psychology	Kaplan		Includes:*2 full-length practice tests*Intensive psychology review, including social psychology, developmental psychology, personality, abnormal psychology, statistics, and more*Effective strategies for scoring higher on the test	2006-08-01	Kaplan						ZZZ000000
9781419552076	Kaplan LSAT 2009 Comprehensive Program	Kaplan		Kaplan LSAT 2009: Comprehensive Program offers the most up-to-date content review, including strategies and practice for the new Comparative Reading passage set.This invaluable guide also presents Kaplan's proven test-taking strategies for achieving a higher score, as well as an online diagnostic test to target areas for score improvement.NEW!Strategies and practice for the new Comparative Reading passage set3 full-length practice testsHundreds of additional practice questionsDetailed answer explanationsPersonalized online syllabus and progress report that adapts to a student's goals and schedule	2008-06-03	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781419552083	Kaplan LSAT 2009 Premier Program (w/ CD-ROM)	Staff of Kaplan Test Prep and Admissions&Kaplan		Kaplan LSAT 2009: Premier Program offers ALL OFFICIAL LSAT questions throughout the book, as well as 3 OFFICIAL LSAT practice tests!It also provides the most up-to-date content review, including strategies and practice for the new Comparative Reading passage set.This invaluable guide features:NEW! All samples and practice questions are OFFICIAL LSAT questions!NEW! Strategies and practice for the new Comparative Reading passage set3 OFFICIAL LSAT practice tests from the test maker2 additional full-length practice tests on CD-ROMDetailed answer explanationsFresh practice questions delivered monthlyDownloadable content for PDAs and cellphonesPersonalized online progress report that adapts to a student's goals and schedule	2008-06-03	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781419542091	Kaplan Medical USMLE Medical Ethics,The 100 Cases You are Most Likely to See on the Exam	Conrad Fischer&Caterina Oneto		USMLE Medical Ethics: The 100 Cases You are Most Likely to See on the Exam is designed to help guide readers through this challenging, standardized patient exam. It includes advice and information about the ethical issues relating to topics including: End of life issuesEuthanasia and physician assisted suicideCompetenceMedical malpracticeAbortion related issuesHIV related issues	2006-09-01	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781419552182	GRE exam subject test - biology	Kaplan		-- Intensive content review of all the topic areas -- Key strategies for scoring higher on the test -- Full-length practice test	2008-08-05	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781419553066	Kaplan GRE subject test,Psychology	Kaplan		-- 2 full-length practice tests -- Intensive psychology review, including social psychology, developmental psychology, personality, abnormal psychology, statistics, and more -- Effective strategies for scoring higher on the test	2008-08-05	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781419550621	Your career in nursing	Annette Vallano		Your Career in Nursing, Fourth Edition features:* Valuable advice for updating and upgrading clinical skills* Practical business tips for entrepreneurial and freelance nurses* Profiles of real nurses who have adapted their careers* Updated nursing resources* PLUS, tips for new nurses	2006-11-28	Kaplan						ZZZ000000
9781419552113	Kaplan SAT Premier Program 2009	Kaplan		Includes the most comprehensive SAT test prep program available with: New! Downloadable audio SAT coaching sessions with acclaimed life coach Mel Robbins New! Smart Break activities, designed for students to take a fun break from studying while keeping their math, reading, and writing skills sharp for the exam 10 full-length practice tests with detailed answer explanations- 4 in the book, 5 on the CD-ROM, and 1 online Diagnostic test with targeted feedback An online study plan and up-to-the-minute test information to help guide students A progress report, so students can keep track of and analyze their performance as they make their way through the program 6 months of fresh quizzes delivered monthly to students' via email for extra practice Mobile prep for your PDA or phone for test-prep anytime, anywhere Easy-to-use layout and design	2008-06-03	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781419550393	Kaplan 12 Practice Tests for the SAT, 2009 Edition	Kaplan		Includes the most SAT practice available with:*12 full-length practice exams*Over 600 math grid-ins and multiple-choice questions*Over 800 sentence completion and reading comprehension questions*Over 500 writing multiple-choice questions*Complete answer explanations*12 essay prompts, model essays, and a guide to self-grading	2008-07-01	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781419552045	Kaplan GMAT premier program	Kaplan		Features:  NEW! Essential math basics review section with practice drills  6 full-length practice tests (1 in the book, 1 online, 4 on the CD-ROM)  Diagnostic test to target areas for score improvement Proven score-raising strategies Hundreds of additional practice questions  Detailed answer explanations  Personalized online progress report that adapts to a student's goals and schedule	2008	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781419552526	Kaplan SAT Advanced 2009,Intensive Prep for Top Students	Kaplan		Kaplan SAT Advanced 2009 Edition features:The toughest practice sets for all three sections of the SATDetailed answer explanationsStrategies for the most complicated short and long reading comprehension passagesTimesaving strategies for the hardest geometry and algebra II problemsStep-by-step methods for writing top-scoring essaysTechniques for the most challenging usage, sentence correction, and paragraph correction questions	2008-12-02	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781419541858	Kaplan SAT Critical Reading Workbook	Kaplan		Includes:*Hundreds of practice questions with complete answer explanations covering every category of the SAT Critical Reading Section, including sentence completions and long and short reading passages, plus a chapter on SAT Vocabulary *2 verbal practice tests*Comprehensive word list*Effective techniques and strategies for the SAT	2006-07-01	Kaplan						ZZZ000000
9781419552564	Kaplan LSAT Advanced, 2009-2010 Edition	Kaplan		About the AuthorThe Perfect ScoreSection One : Logic GamesChpater One : The Logic Games Challenge Chapter Two : Supercharged StandardsChapter Three : Time Warps and Assemblies Chapter Four : Volatile MixturesChapter Five : Huh...?Section Two : Logical ReasoningChapter Six : The Logical Reasoning ChallengeChapter Seven : Types of Challenging Logical Reasoning Questions Chapter Eight : A Closer Look Chapter Nine : Other Logical Reasoning ChallengesChapter Ten : Putting It All TogetherSection Three : Reading Comprehension Chapter Eleven : The Reading Comprehension Challenge Chapter Twelve : Just Plain Tough Chapter Thirteen : Blinded by ScienceChapter Fourteen : Philosopher's Corner Chapter Fifteen : Comparative Reading A Special Note for International StudentsThe Key to 1L Success	2008-11-04	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9781845570224	Secrets of Yantra, Mantra and Tantra	L. R. Chawdhri		Unveiled in this book are the secrets of the occult sciences of Yantra, Mantra and Tantra to help the reader achieve worldly success and spiritual enlightenment. Detailed instructions are given for the preparation and application of Yantras for specific purposes: to win favours, defeat for selecting and using Mantras to attain miraculous powers, and fulfilment of one's desires, are explained in detail. In the Tantra section of the book, methods of treatment of diseases by herbs are given. Information is provided about Tantric articles and where to obtain them.	2007-11-01	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120734036	Baba's Rinanubandh,Leelas During His Sojourn in Shirdi	Vinny Chitluri		The word 'Rinanubandh' literally means 'Karmic Debt'. It is an impossible task to write the exact meaning of this word; as a lot of the nuances are lost while doing so. When you read about the lives of Baba's devotees you realise that it has a deeper meaning. A bond that has existed for many generations. His devotees came from varied backgrounds. Some highly educated, others were rustic villagers. Some were young, while others were middle-aged and set in their ways. They went to Shirdi not knowing what to expect. Others went there by chance. But once they met Baba their lives were changed forever. And the 'Karmic bond' started unfolding. Thus they returned time and again to be with the living God who blessed them and gave them a handful of udi. In the years that followed, no matter what befell them they knew that Baba was always with them. This book is a kaleidoscope of leelas, photographs and the lives of Baba's devotees.	2008-08-07	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120738591	Baba's Vaani,His Sayings and Teachings	Vinny Chitluri		This book is a collection of the sayings and teachings of Baba, that are highlighted in the experiences of the devotees as they interacted with Him. Through direct intervention in their lives, and the use of parables, He led them to spiritual growth. Like the caring parent that He is, He used love and humour to help His devotees understand profound philosophical and spiritual ideas. These ideas were expressed in simple language, and often seen in practice in their ordinary day-to-day experiences, so that devotees were unaware that they were acquiring bodha paddhati. Bodha is instruction, or perception, and paddhati is protocol or steps of a ritual.	2008-08-07	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120737396	Sterling Book of Unity in Diversity,Thoughts of the World's Great Religions	O. P. Ghai		Religious intolerance -- it is so much a part of our daily lives. The world is torn apart by it. Hatred and violence are justified in the name of religion. And yet, all hope is not lost. Goodness still has a chance. Through the ages, we have heard the voice of sanity, the voice of love and concern above the din of this madness. We had heard it when Kahlil Gibran said in The Prophet: "Your daily life is your temple and your religion. Whenever you enter into it, take with you ... all men." And we hear it again in this book. This book is an attempt to glean the best in living religious literature, and also is a guide to the understanding of the fundamental unity underlying the great religions of the world.	2008-08-07	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120747630	Effective Editing,A Practical Handbook to Develop Good Editing Skills	Jethwaney J&Y.C. Halan		Journalism -- the Fourth Estate -- has established itself as an integral part of our society. Happenings in India during the British Raj and post-independence are the best testimony of it. Editing is the most significant part of journalism. It plays a significant role in determining the quality of a newspaper or magazine. The purpose of the book is to describe the job of editors and list skills that make them successful. It will assist all those who are in the profession or are thinking of joining it or have entered it with high ambitions. Practicing journalists aiming to move upwards will also benefit from having a point of reference and a source of idea. The book will be extremely useful for students of media and journalism. The book will help journalists to perform their job better equipped and ensure that they commit fewer mistakes. They would learn the art and science of effective editing and would not find the language of their colleague alien. They will understand the way things have been done in the past and also learn the newer ways of doing editing. The art of editing falls into two categories: journalistic skills to do the job; and editing skills that make the unintelligible readable. In the past, most of us learnt it through a painful process of trial and error. We don't want the new comers to suffer from that pain and therefore this book Communication Skills: Effective Editing.	2010	Sterling Publishers Pvt., Limited						ZZZ000000
9788120732650	Rajiv Gandhi Assassination	D. R. Kaarthikenyan&Radhavinod Raju&Radhavinod Raju		Who Killed Rajiv Gandhi? Why? How? An infamous murder. It was 10:20 pm on 21 May. The year was 1991. A woman bowed respectfully. Her arm reached out to touch his feet. Suddenly there was an explosion. The deafening sound, the clouds of smoke, the shattered bodies, the blood and gore. Who put together the pieces? Who saw through the foul play? Follow the trail. Follow the trial. Follow the story to know the truth. This book unfolds the gripping story -- at once fascinating and grim -- of perhaps the first case of assassination of a world-class leader by a human bomb. There was a general demand for explanation and action. The totally blind case with enormous ramifications needed skilled, dextrous and professional investigation. D R Kaarthikeyan was called upon by the Government of India to unravel the mystery. This assassination profoundly influenced political developments in India and altered the course of contemporary history in India and Sri Lanka.	2008-08-06	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120707320	Abnormal Psychology	S K Mangal		This work provides a workable base for the understanding of basic concepts of abnormal behaviour and abnormal psychology. Starting with the concept, nature and background of abnormal behaviour and abnormal psychology, it takes up the types of abnormalities and disorders of human behaviour and suggests possible treatment by combining physical as well as socio-psychological therapeutic measures. Written in a simple but well organised style, it will prove useful not only to students of abnormal psychology and mental health of the graduate and post-graduate courses, but also to parents and teachers in understanding and improving their own mental health as well as that of people whose welfare is entrusted to them.	2008-10-27	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120723641	Shri Sai Baba's,Teachings and Philosophy	M.B. Nimbalkar		This book presents collated and selected subject-wise teachings of Shri Sai Baba. In this collection of 21 articles published in Shri Sai Leela -- the official periodical of Shri Sai Baba Sansthan, the author presents the teachings of Baba on subjects like Wealth, food, theory of Karma, Maya, Good conduct, Non-violence, Pleasures of senses, Astrology etc.	2001-07-01	Sterling Publishers Pvt., Limited						ZZZ000000
9788120727274	Sai Baba's 261 Leelas,A Treasure House of Miracles	Balkrishna Panday		This book puts together the authentic and pithy miracles of Sai. All that was verifiable within the first twenty years of the 20th century, directly related to the Saint's life, has been arranged under scintillating titles, all 261 of them. The contents are like a thriller, 'believe it or not' and yet it all did happen. The readers cannot help but be deeply moved by the sentiments of devotion projected by Balkrishna Panday in his writing titled "Sai Baba's 261 Leelas".	2005	Sterling Publishers Pvt., Limited						ZZZ000000
9788120723849	Shirdi Sai Baba and other perfact masters	Chandra Bhanu Satpathy		This book offers fascinating glimpses into the lives and miracles of Shirdi Sai Baba and other Perfect Masters. The book acquaints the reader with the spiritual powers at work beneath the mundaneness of our material existence. Shirdi Sai Baba is a household name in India as well as in many parts of the world Today. This book offers fascinating glimpses into the lives and miracles of Shirdi Sai Baba and other Perfect Masters. It is an experience that is bound to transform one's sense of perspective and bring about perceptible and meaningful spiritual growth. The book acquaints the reader with the spiritual powers at work beneath the mundaneness of our material existence, and reawakens the dormant consciousness of the divinity that lies beneath every aspect of the universe. This book is a compilation of extempore speeches, articles and writings of Shri Satpathy over a period of time.	2001-07-01	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120733480	Guru Charitra	Shree Swami Samarth&Vishwa Kalyan Kendra		Guru Charitra is one of the most revered scriptural texts of Hinduism. Containing the biographies of Lord Dattatreya, (Lord Bramha, Vishnu and Mahesh) and his subsequent incarnations Sripada Sri Vallabha and Sri Narasimha Saraswati, it clarifies several doubts on religious dogmas, rituals and doctrines through a conversation between the master and his disciple. This book, steeped in lofty Hindu philosophical ideas also portrays a picture of the social and economic condition of the medieval times in India, and the message conveyed by the numerous teachings of the Guru needs to be understood in the context of those days. Reading of this interactive account, written in simple and lucid language will give strength and encouragement to spiritual aspirants to continue with their sadhana (spiritual pursuit), enable them to overcome the various problems of modern day living and fulfil their inherent wishes.	2008-08-07	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120731011	Shirdi Sai Speaks Day Planner,Quotes for the Day	Sab Ka Malik Ek		Baba's quotes have been the source of inspiration to his numerous devotees. His sayings have touched every aspect of our daily lives and show us the right path to achieve self-realisation. These thoughts embalm his followers from worldly sufferings and provide solace to the distressed. Laid out in the form of a calendar, these sayings have been translated from Marathi by several authors keeping the originality of the text, in essence, unchanged as far as possible. There are repetitions of some thoughts. It is international for the reader to grasp the inner meaning of the invaluable thoughts of Baba. This collection of sayings will be a treasure to possess and will be read day-by-day, year-after-year.	2007-09-01	N/A						ZZZ000000
9788120731998	Successful Tourism,Volume I: Fundamentals of Tourism	Pran Nath Seth		Tourism is the world's second largest industry employing on an average one out of twenty adult men and women world-wide and the ratio is one out of ten when it comes to the developed countries like USA. The growing ranks of international leisure travellers are being influenced by business travellers who, are flooding into India as a result of economic liberalisation. It is thus imperative that our professional tourism corps be trained to meet these exacting requirements. Both in public and private sectors, the increasing understanding of these needs is leading to the development of institutes, training centres and academic programmes in tourism management. There is thus a great need for comprehensive professional literature. This two-volume series volume tells readers all that they want to know about tourism -- its history, networks and intricate operations. Volume Two discusses in detail how different tourism sectors operate and market themselves -- travel agencies, tour operators, hotels, restaurants, airlines -- as well as the impact of changing technology on their activities.	2006-01-01	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120738072	I Am a Sindhi,The Glorious Sindhi Heritage / the Culture and Folklore of Sind	J. P. Vaswani		The (Hindu) Sindhi diaspora is a unique example of a community that was driven away from its native land, became refuges in their own country, and rose like a Phoenix from the smouldering ashes of Partition, to become one of the most successful and philanthropic people in the world. Dada J P Vaswani's book is a gripping account of Sindhi civilisation and culture. It catalogues the dawn of the Vedic civilisation which grew on the banks of the sacred Sindhu River, and traces its history to the present. The many faiths which had their confluence in Sind; its great romantic legends; its immortal poets; its unique spirit and culture -- all this and much more are captured for the reader in an 'insider's' account, rendered by a great Sindhi spiritual leader, who loves the language, literature, culture and undying values that Sind represents. Come, discover the fascinating saga of the Sindhi people with their never-say-die spirit!	2008-04-15	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120743687	Saints for You and Me	Jashan P. Vaswani		"It is better to be aflame for an instant, rather than smoke away for ages!" This is the injunction given by a brave mother to her defeated warrior son in the ancient epic, the Mahabharata. It is indeed an exhortation to all of us, defeated souls, to live life as it ought to be lived, to be fired by the highest ideals and values which make our lives truly meaningful. Life may be short, but it need not be small! How can we live such a life? How can we light up the brilliant flame of true living? Dada J P Vaswani shows us the way of inspiration. He tells us to read about the lives of the saints, the great ones of East and West who came to bless all people of all faiths. Even if we are able to imbibe one ideal from one of them and translate it into deeds of daily living, our lives will not be in vain. In this book he tells us about saints, ancient and contemporary, whom he reveres. Here we get to know about the saints from Dada's own unique and loving perspective. He tells us about Vishwamitra and St Francis; Meher Baba and Ba'al Shem Tov; Bhakta Tuladhar and Narsi Mehta. Dada shows us how Joan of Arc and Mahavira, Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and Nandanar can help us to live a life that is truly beautiful.	2009-08-18	Sterling Publishers Pvt., Limited						ZZZ000000
9788120725249	Autobiography of a Yogi	Paramhansa Yogananda		Throughout the decades, one title that continues to appear on best-seller lists is Paramahansa Yogananda's Autobiography of a Yogi. This timeless book remains a seminal work in the field of Eastern religion -- the definitive introduction to the science and philosophy of yoga meditation that draws more readers with each passing year. All our editions of the Autobiography include extensive material added by the author after the first edition was published, including a final chapter on the closing years of his life. Also included are numerous high-quality photographs and a complete subject index.	2003	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120747708	Baba's gurukul, Shirdi	Vinny		On the miracles of Sri Sai Baba, 1836-1918, spiritual leader from India.	2009	Sterling Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788120739970	The gospel of Shri Shirdi Sai Baba,a holy spiritual path	Durai Arulneyam		Sri Sai Baba, 1836-1918, spiritual leader from India.	2008	Sterling Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788120729384	As I see-	Kiran Bedi		Autobiographical accounts on various topics by Kiran Bedi, b. 1949, first Indian woman I.P.S. officer and Ramon Magsaysay Award winner.	2005	Sterling Publishers Private Limited						ZZZ000000
9788174762603	Sense and Sensibility	Jane Austen		"What she did, she did perfectly." So said Anthony Trollope of Jane Austen, and he has been seconded by generations of avid Austen readers. "Sense and Sensibility introduces us to the Sisters Dashwood--the reserved and sensible Elinor, and the passionate and impetuous Marianne. This new edition includes a discussion of Austen's original reception and ever-increasing popularity, culminating in the rash of film adaptations and sequels to her novels. Laura Engel received her B.A. from Bryn Mawr College and her M.A. and Ph.D. from Columbia University. She has taught in independent schools in New York City and is now a visiting assistant professor of English at Macalester College. Her previous publications include essays on the novelists A. S. Byatt and Edna O'Brien. Her forthcoming book is a biography of three eighteenth-century British actresses.	2005-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						FIC019000
9788174761453	Let Us Converse in Arabic	Syed Ali		This Book Will Enable The Non-Arabs In The Arab Situation To Communicate With The People There And Convey Their Immediate Requirements. Pronunciation Of Certain Arabic Letters Can Be Learnt By Constant Practice And Listening To Radio Programmes Or Through Direct Contacts With The Arabs. Transliteration, As Found In This Volume, Can Help To A Certain Extent Only. There Is No Alternative To Learning Any Language Except Through Reading And Writing.	1997-10-07	UBS Publ.						ZZZ000000
9788174766465	Learn To Play Good Cricket	Amarnath		There is an ideal and comprehensive book, written by a distinguished all-rounder, for those aspiring to learn (or know more about) the various fascinating aspects of cricket. The author provides the relevant practical guidelines and instructions not only to the beginners but also to seasoned players who may have fallen into a rut. He also laces the narrative with appropriate real-life examples so that the reader can easily grasp the subject matter. The contents cover, in riveting detail, virtually all aspects of the game such as batting, bowling, fielding, wicket-keeping, field placement, captaincy, physical fitness and kit selection and maintenance. In the course of the discussion, the author begins with the basics and then moves on to describe the finer points of the game and the specific techniques of playing. The appendix highlights the laws of the game as specified by the MCC.	2009	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174766205	Cricket Inc. or cricket?,money, muscle, marketing	Pawan Arora		This book is a question put to all the fans of cricket and to a nation which prides itself on being cricket crazy and claims cricket to be its religion. How much are we to compromise with the ethos of a game to commercialize it? We are yet to do away with the already existing evils of betting, match-fixing, corrupt officials, rigged selection process, etc. and we are adding more vice to it than virtue. Cricket is on a sticky wicket today. Apart from the rare spark of sportsman spirit which you might still see here and there, cricket is in news for all the wrong reasons. Money rules the game; Muscle dictates what and who will find place in the game; and Marketing is running the show for cricket.	2008	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788185944760	arms and the man	Bernard Shaw		Emma Woodhouse is rich, intelligent, artistic, happy...and bored. Her governess married, her father is widowed and occupied with his own irregular health issues and his own feelings and his own consolations. Emma, though charming and clever, is restless and impatient. Because of her monetary and social resources she attempts to restructure the life of her poor friend Harriet Smith by presenting her as a cultured woman who would be suitable marriage material to those of Emma's own social environment. Harriet, however, is acquaintanced by farmers and does not know her real parents, so her acceptability by Emma's group is questionable. Emma is intrusive and patronizing enough to offer Harriet to Emma's lofty community where Harriet is shy and afraid to insist on her own preferences. Instead she permits Emma these introductions. Nr. Knightly, a longtime neighbor of Emma and her father, sees a fault in the relationship between Emma and Harriet: Harriet overpraises Emma's choices and gives in to her worst temperaments. Emma's imperious hold on events and behaviors threatens to choke everyone involved until she is shown her mistakes and is saved from social catastrophe by Mr. Knightly. Emma begins to understand that she is spoiled and self-centered enough to only listen to her own opinion. Then she starts to forsake her condescending spirit and to become a better companion to her friends. She is also willing to admit her weakness at organizing the lives of others and to rearrange her priorities so that satisfaction with her own life becomes more important than governing the affairs of everyone else. Please Note: This book is easy to read in true text, not scanned images that can sometimes be difficult to decipher. The Microsoft eBook has a contents page linked to the chapter headings for easy navigation. The Adobe eBook has bookmarks at chapter headings and is printable up to two full copies per year. Both versions are text searchable.	2003-10-15	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185944654	Mansfield Park	Jane Austen		Mansfield Park Has Been Described By A Leading Literary Critic As One Of The Most Profound Novels Of The Nineteenth Century . As The Title Suggests, It Is The Story Of A House, Mansfield Park, And The People Who Come And Go And Carry On Their Intrigues And Affairs In And Around It. Mansfield Park Centres On The Development Of Its Heroine Fanny Price From A Timid, Passive Girl To A Mature And Self-Knowing Woman. Fanny Is 'Inwardly' Shaped By The House Which Is The Symbol Of A Cultivated, Harmonious Way Of Life. The Most Dramatic Exterior Happenings Are Those That Disturb That Way Of Life.	2003-10-15	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185944838	Pride and Prejudice	Jane Austen		Jane Austen Had Said Of Pride And Prejudice That It Is Rather Too Light, And Bright, And Sparkling; It Wants Shade , And This Is Perhaps The Reason Of Its Immense Popularity. The Precision And Vivacity Of Her Style Carries The Reader Through The Novel With Ease And There Is A Sparkling Life About The Characters And A Freshness About The Scenery That Makes It The Gayest Of Her Novels.	2003-10-15	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						FIC019000
9788174765581	Vastu	Niranjan Babu Bangalore		In This Book The Author Emphasizes Vastu'S Directional Influence On Human Affairs As Varied As Old Age Homes, Corporate Structures, Shikaras And Pyramids, Apartments, Temples Etc. The Core Purpose Of This Book Is To Give Each And Every One A Working Knowledge About This Vast Scripture The Use Of Which Is A Must For Everyone Who Desires Happiness In His Home Or Harmony In The Working Environment.	2006-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174763662	Vastu frequently asked questions answered	Niranjan Babu		Hindu science and technology for architectural design and layout of residential and industrial buildings.	2003	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174761637	The book of Hindu festivals and ceremonies	Om Lata Bahadur		This Volume Highlights How The Main Festivals Of India Are Celebrated, Providing Adequate Background Information, Wherever Needed. The Spontaneous Gaiety And Joy Generated By These Festivals, Along With The Solemnity Of The Accompanying Bhajans, Prayer Ceremonies And Rituals, Are Captured In Graphic Detail. Also, The Special Dishes Associated With Some Of The Festivals As Well As The Recipes Add 'Flavour' To The Contents.	1997	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174765505	How To Trigger Your Positive Thoughts: Most Problems Are Really The Absence Of Ideas	Promod Batra		Don'T Treat Every Problem As A Matter Of Life And Death. We Grow Up With A View That 'Failure' As Such In Any Area Is Very Bad. We Have To Reduce Such Mental Locks To A Statement Of Fact That Failure -- Any Failure, Is Only An Event. Every Failure Is A Problem And Has To Looked At As What Can I Learn From It. This Book Shows How You Can Use Failures And Setbacks Constructively To Generate A Positive Outlook In Life.	2005	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174762429	Much Ado About Nothing (Ubspd Modern Shakespeare)	William Shakespeare		Ubspd'S Modern Shakespeare Series Is Basically Meant For Those Reading The Works Of William Shakespeare For The First Time, Particularly Students. This Volume Comprises The Complete Text With A Detailed Introduction And Notes On: The Story Of The Play; Act-Wise, Scene-Wise Summary; Selected Questions And Answers; Text And Paraphrase; Characters Of The Play; Select Criticism; The Life And Works Of Shakespeare; Shakespeare Tragedy; Shakespeare Comedy; Shakespeare'S Historical Plays And Shakespeare'S Use Of Rhyme And Prose.	2005-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174762924	The winter's tale	Praveen Bhatia		Ubspd'S Modern Shakespeare Series Is Basically Meant For Those Reading The Works Of William Shakespeare For The First Time, Particularly Students. This Volume Comprises The Complete Text With A Detailed Introduction And Notes On: The Story Of The Play; Act-Wise, Scene-Wise Summary; Selected Questions And Answers; Text And Paraphrase; Characters Of The Play; Select Criticism; The Life And Works Of Shakespeare; Shakespeare Tragedy; Shakespeare Comedy; Shakespeare'S Historical Plays And Shakespeare'S Use Of Rhyme And Prose.	2000-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174760685	Operation Blue Star,The True Story	K.S. Brar		Operation Blue Star Is One Of The Most Controversial, Hotly-Debated Military Operations In The World And A Turning Point In Contemporary Indian History. This Is An Account By The Army Officer Who Led It -- Touchingly Honest, Often Anguished, Minutely Detailed. It Hides Nothing -- Not The Unexpected Reverses Suffered By The Army, Nor Its Miscalculations, Nor The Grit And Determination Of The Militants It Was Assigned To Flush Out.	2006-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174762344	Alice's Adventures in Wonderland	Lewis Carroll		Alice'S Adventures In Wonderland Stands Out As One Of The Most Popular Literary Masterpieces Of All Time. The Characters Created By Author Have Virtually Become Household Names Such As Alice, The Cheshire Cat, The (Mad) Hatter, The March Hare, The King And Queen Of Hearts, The Knave Of Hearts And The Mock Turtle. The Hilarious Twists And Turns Of The Story Along With The Humour-Packed Narrative Symbolize Scintillating Examples Of Satire, Wit And Semantic Legerdemain.	2004-01-15	UBS Publishers Distributors (P), Limited						FIC019000
9788185944982	Lord Jim (Ubspd World Classics)	Joseph Conrad		Lord Jim (1900), Gave Joseph Conrad The First Indisputable Claim To Classic Rank. That It Is One Of The Finest Stories, Few Will Deny, And It Is Significant That It Is Based On Personal Experience Of The Sea Which Became Conard'S Metaphor For Life'S Fitful Fevers. To Conrad, The Testing Time For A Man Comes When He Finds That Normal Public Codes Which He Had Hitherto Professed Do Not Work And He Finds Strength And Recovery, Either Out Of Self Knowledge And Loneliness, Or Goes Down To Destruction In The Heart Of Darkness. Lord Jim Symbolises This Man, Struggling Through The Whirlpool Of Life And Finding Courage Only Through Self-Sacrifice.	2006-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174765888	Into the mirror,the untold story of Mukhtar Mai	Bronwyn Curran		On the life and trials thereafter of Mukhtar Mai, rape victim from Pakistan.	2008	UBSPD						ZZZ000000
9788174765123	Four fingers and seventeen nails,a collection of short stories	Amardeep S Dahiya		A Selection Of Seventeen Short Stories About The Metamorphosing Cocktail Of Modern, Materialistic West Versus The Spiritualistic, Value-Based, Superstitious East. The Stories Incorporate The Element Of Chance, The Fickleness Of Life And The Twists And Turns Of Fate, Which Make Losers Overnight Winners, And Vice Versa.	2005-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174763891	Kebabs, Chutneys and Breads	Davinder Kumar		This Book, Kebabs, Chutneys & Breads, Gives The Reader An In-Depth Knowledge Of The Intricacies And Finesse That Is The Basis Of A Wide Variety Of Mouth-Watering Kebabs Of Indian Cuisine. Kebabs Originated From Turkey And Evolved Into The Food For Connoisseurs. India Is Home To A Vast Variety Of Kebabs That Are Cooked In A Tandoor, An Open Iron Grill, Shallow-Fried Or Deep-Fried, Or Cooked On A Griddle. Of These, Tandoori Kebabs Are By Far The Most Popular. The Taste And Food-Value Of The Kebab Depends On The Succulence Or Freshness Of The Tender Meats, Fish Or Vegetables, The Size, Marination And The Right Degree Of Cooking. Each Preparation Has A Distinct Taste Because Of The Different Texture Of Meats And The Varying Fragrance Of The Different Combinations Of Spices Used In The Marination. The Book Discusses A Wide Variety Of Kebabs.	2002	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174763983	Ayurveda for Perfect Health	T. L. Devaraj.		AYURVEDA - HEALTH (UBS)	2002-01	N/A						ZZZ000000
9788174762108	Love stories from Punjab	Harish Dhillon		This Book Contains Four Stories: Sohni-Mahiwal; Heer-Ranjha; Sassi-Punnu And Mirza-Sahibaan. They Are Essentially The Same Story Told Four Times Over. In Essence, The Lover Focuses All His Thoughts And Feeling Upon The Beloved Ones And, Because Of This Phenomenon, He Is Motivated To Develop Goodness. Then, From The Lover, The Goodness Radiates To Embrace The Entire World And All Humanity And Suffuses Them With Its Light.	1998-06	UBS Publishers'						ZZZ000000
9788185944791	Great Expectations	Charles Dickens		Chronicles the life of Pip, a penniless orphan who inherits a fortune from a mysterious force, enabeling him to come of age as a young Victorian gentlemen.	2003-10-15	UBS Publishers Distributors (P), Limited						ZZZ000000
9788185944661	A Tale of Two Cities	Charles Dickens		A Tale Of Two Cities (1861) Has Been Considered To Be Dickens' Finest Along With David Copperfield. As The Name Suggests, It Is The Story Of Two Cities-London And Paris-From England To France And Back Again, Setting Down Finally In France And The French Revolution. Because Of The Intensity Of His Involvement, A Tale Of Two Cities Has An Intense Dramatic Sense, Sometimes Melodramatic, Which Probably Explains Why It Remains The Most Widely Read Of All His Novels. Like All Great Novels Where No Story Is Told As If It Is The Only One, This, Too, Has Many Elements-Love, Humour, Pathos, Fate, Romance Out Of Which Is Woven The Story Of Darnay And Manette, The Unselfish, Hopeless Devotion To The Heroine Of The Drunken, Dissolute, Nonchalant Advocate, Sidney Carton. But For All The Elements, The Chief Picture Left With The Reader In The End Is The Story Of Self-Sacrifice-Not Of Manette Or Darnay But Of Sidney Carton, Mounting The Scaffold In Place Of The Husband Of The Woman Whom He Loved.	2005-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174766618	The Guru's Gift: And Other Short Stories	Duggal&K S		The first one on the rail-track was the father of my children. Then his friends lay alongside him and alongside them were their wives. The engine started whistling frantically from a long distance... The wheels of the train ran over many men. But no one moved from his place. All along the track we chanted: 'Praise be to the Almighty, the Formless One, Praise be...' The chant went on in unison. And then the train went backwards... When we were returning to our village that evening, my mother began to tell my sister the story of the Temple of the Guru's Palm. She told her how the Guru came that way with his disciple: how the disciple thirsted and Guru sent him to the dervish at the top of the hill; how the dervish turned him back three times: how the Guru asked his disciple to pick up a rock; how the spring burst forth from under it and the well of the dervish dried up; how the dervish had hurled the boulder; and how the Guru had said: Praise be to the Almighty, the Formless One, and stopped it with the palm of his hand.	2009	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174766434	The Mystique Of Sikhism	Duggal&K S		Mystique is much too abstract a term. To realize it, it is best to see it reflected in an appropriate event. Here is one: During the freedom struggle, a train loaded with freedom fighters was passing through Panja Sahib (Hasan Abdal), it was not to stop at Panja Sahib railway station. The Sikhs of the town came to know that the arrested patriots were without food and water. How could such a train be allowed to pass Panja Sahib where Guru Nanak had quenched the thirst of Bhai Mardana by performing a miracle? But the White Man insisted that the train must run through without stopping at any intervening station. The Sikhs must have the train stop and feed the patriots who were hungry and without water. They pleaded with the authorities without success. They must stop the train. They lay down on the railway line; men, women and children, hundreds of them. The train came whistling and screaming. It crushed one, two, three and came to a halt. The moment the train stopped the freedom fighters were fed and provided water. This is just one incident reflecting the Sikh mystique. As the reader wades through the pages of the volume, he or she would come across a variety of them reflecting mystique of Sikh faith.	2009	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174766144	Old Delhi, New Delhi,my experiences	Pushan Kumar Dutta		Reminiscences of the author about social life of the people of New Delhi, India.	2008	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788185944821	Silas Marner	G. Eliot		In this heartwarming classic by George Eliot, a gentle linen weaver named Silas Marner is wrongly accused of heinous theft actually committed by his best friend. Exiling himself to the rustic village of Raveloe, he becomes a lonely recluse. Ultimately, Marner finds redemption and spiritual rebirth through his unselfish love for an abandoned child who mysteriously appears one day in his isolated cottage. Somber, yet hopeful, Eliot's realistic depiction of an irretrievable past, tempered with the magical elements of myth and fairy tale, remains timeless in its understanding of human nature and is beloved by every generation.	2004-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						FIC019000
9788174762214	A Midsummer Night's Dream	William Shakespeare		Joseph Andrews Has Been Acclaimed As One Of The Richest, Funniest And Sanest Novels In The Realm Of English Literature. This Novel Essentially Contrasts The Confusion And Chaos Prevailing In London With The Clam And Serenity Of The Countryside. But The Journey Which Fielding'S Characters Undertake Is Not Merely Geographical. He Makes Them Go Through A Series Of Confusing Episodes Which Depicts Them In Their True Colours Within The Social Framework Of Their Times.	2003	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						DRA010000
9788174764515	Teach Your Child How To Learn	Su. Garnett		This Practical Guide Is Full Of Good Ideas And Fun Ways For Parents To Develop And Stimulate An Enthusiasm And Capacity For Learning. The Everyday Activities In This Book Will Help To Increase Your Child'S Concentration, Motivation, Curiosity And Confidence. Wherever Your Are: At The Supermarket Or The Doctor, In Your Kitchen, In Your Car, Or At The Seaside, There Are Lots Of Opportunity For You And Your Child To Have Fun And Learn Something Together.	2003-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185944692	Thoughts and Meditations	Kahlil Gibran		This Collection Of Thoughts By Kahlil Gibran, Author Of The Prophet , The Broken Wings , The Voice Of The Master , And Other Twentieth-Century Classics, Demonstrates Three Major Aspects Of His Genius. Here Is The Fiery Prophet, Assailing The Corruptions Of Syrian Governmental And Upper Social Circles With The Wrath And Scorn Of Biblical Seers. Here, Too, Is The Poet Of Love, Apostrophizing Beauty, Youth And Nature, Particularly The Wonderful Vistas Of Lebanon, With Its Cedar Groves And Mountains, In Poetry Of Passionate Tenderness. And Above All, Here Is The Author Of The Remarkable Poetic Narratives In Which Gibran'S Mystical, Spiritual Vision Of The Transmigration Of Souls Is Embodied In Tales Of Lovers Tragically Parted In One Existence And Rapturously Reunited, After Centuries Of Separation, In A Later Incarnation.	1993-12-31	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						OCC012000
9788185944739	The Voice of the Master	Kahlil Gibran		Millions All Over The World Have Responded To The Message Of Kahlil Gibrana As Recorded In His Masterpiece, The Prophet . In The Style That Gave Gibran The Title Of Dante Of The Twentieth Century , The Voice Of The Master Speaks Stirringly Of The Victory Of Faith Over Grief, And Love Over Loneliness. Of Marriage , Of The Divinity Of Man , Of Reason And Knowledge , Of Love And Equality ,	1994-12-31	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						PHI000000
9788174764874	Clear Your Bottlenecks Managing Yourself	Krishan Gupta		This Book Is About Attitude To Life And Traits That We Normally Prefer To Ignore, Hide Or Cover Up For Fear Of Failure, Inertia, Lack Of Active Interest In The Environment Etc. The Author Very Simply And Directly Helps Us, Through Numerous Instances, To Identify And Accept Such Traits Within Ourselves And Then To Set About Managing Them To Our Advantage.	2005-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788185944722	The Broken Wings	Kahlil Gibran		In "Broken Wings," Kahlil Gibran uncovers the glory and pain of young love. This loosely autobiographical story is in the tradition of Romeo and Juliet, but with Gibran's characteristic lush Oriental settings and images. A young Kahlil is introduced to Faris Karama, a wealthy and good-hearted merchant of Beirut, and his daughter, Salma. Kahlil and Salma are deeply attracted to on another and continue to meet regularly, with the blessings of Faris Karama. But a powerful priest, Father Ghalib, in order to gain access to the Karama fortune, demands that his son be allowed to marry Salma.	1993-12-31	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174760609	The Garden of the Prophet	Kahlil Gibran		The Garden Of The Prophet, Which Gibran Intended As A Companion To His Masterpiece, The Prophet, Is A Lyrical Celebration Of The Mystical Beauty Of Nature.	1996-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						POE003000
9788185674728	The Prophet	Kahlil Gibran		Product Dimensions: 6.7 x 4.6 x 0.3 inches	1993	UBS Publishers Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174765871	A treasure for budding cooks,a step to confident cooking	Kusum/ Reena Gupta		A yearning to learn how to cook which started 40 years ago has now fructified in the form of this book-a treasure. Over a span of almost four decades, she has interacted and worked with a vast spectrum of connoisseurs from housewives to chefs. She drew from their experiences and experimented in her kitchen, to blend them all, to achieve the best results with simple steps. She fully realized that individual tastes will always differ but if the basics are not lost sight of, the end results can always differ but if the basics are not lost sight of, the end results can always be nourth watering. And 'A Treasure for Budding Cooks' assimilates all this. The methodology of explaining the recipes, terms and measures is so simple and unique that you feel your mother standing behind you over-seeing and solving all your hitches and glitches.	2008	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174765598	Tea And Health,Science Behind the Myths	Ghosh N. Hajra		22 cm. - Tea is known the world over as a soothing drink and a way of life. During the past two decades, scientific and medical researches have linked tea consumption to a reduced risk of cardiovascular and many types of cancers, arthritis, blood sugar, and several other illnesses. This book offers a timely and comprehensive review of the major health benefits of tea consumption, the antioxidative actions of tea catechins and polyphenols, investigates cancer-fighting properties, and much more. The book attempts to open up the world of this wonderful beverage, including its manufacturing process, to the common man. Interspersed with interesting information/research findings, coloured photographs and useful diagrams, this book deserves a place on the bookshelf of every tea company, tea broker, tea scientists and tea research establishment	2006-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185944678	Far from the Madding Crowd	Thomas Hardy		Far From The Madding Crowd Is One Of The Greatest Love Stories Of Thomas Hardy Wherein He Shows A Deep Understanding Of Human Emotion. It Concerns The Love Affairs Of The Beautiful And Independent Young Heiress, Bathsheba Everdene, Her Wooing By The Tenderest Of Her Suitors, Gabriel Oak, Her Marriage To The Fascinating But Faithless Sergeant Troy, And The Affair With Squire Boldwood Which Ends In Disaster.	2005	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174760463	Jude the Obscure	Thomas Hardy		In Jude The Obscure, The Author Probes The Puzzling Paradoxes Of Love, Sex And Character. The Book Is One Of The Most Powerful Novels Of The End Of The Industrial Revolution With Its Impact On The Daily Lives Of Ordinary People.	2005	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						FIC019000
9788174765130	Professional Hairstyling	Jawed Habib		22 cm- Tables & Figures: Since the dawn of civilization, man has given special importance to the fascinating subject to hair care and beauty. It is every mans endeavour to look his best. A particular hairstyle, which goes with ones being, enhances the overall personality. Jawed Habibs book, Professional Hairstyling is equipped with all the details of hairstyling. The book is an asset to the general readers as well as to the aspiring hairstylists seeking to reach height in this profession. Nineteen chapters constitute the contents of this book. The first few introduce you to hairstyling and its importance as a career and professional ethics. Methods used in scalp treatments, the art of rinsing, shampooing and conditioning, implements used in hairstyling are explained in the second half of the book. the third half deals with permanent waving, straightening and hair colour. Salon services, salon personnel, customer care and tips on starting your own salon are explained in the final chapters. The book delves into various types of haircuts, hair treatments and procedures for the same. The book is compact and easy to understand. Hairstyling is a fascinating	2005-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185944579	Tess of the D'Urbervilles	Thomas Hardy		"Susanna Rabow-Edling examines the first theory of the Russian nation, formulated by the Slavophiles in the second quarter of the nineteenth century, and its relationship to the West. Using cultural nationalism as a tool for understanding Slavophile thinking, she argues that a Russian national identity was not shaped in opposition to Europe in order to separate Russia from the West. Rather, it originated as an attempt to counter the feeling of cultural backwardness among Russian intellectuals by making it possible for Russian culture to assume a leading role in the universal progress of humanity. This reinterpretation of Slavophile ideas about the Russian nation offers a more complex image of the role of Europe and the West in shaping a Russian national identity."--BOOK JACKET.	2006	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						FIC019000
9788174763068	The Iliad	Homer		Amongst The Great Tragedies Of The Literary World, Author'S The Iliad Would Probably Be Reckoned As The First. This Epic Poem, Besides Being The Apex Of Greek Literature, Epitomizes The Cornerstone Of Western Culture And Revolves Around The Critical Last Year Of The Trojan War That Witnessed The Killing Of Hector By Achilles To Seal The Fate Of Troy. The Story, In The Backdrop Of A Cruel Divine Scenario, Portrays A Tragic View Of Life Under The Shadow Of Suffering And Death.	2002-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174761293	The Portrait of a Lady	H. James		The Portrait Of A Lady Has Been Recognized As A Tragic Novel Of The First Order And Isabel Archer As One Of The Most Significant And Appealing Of Heroines. She Represents, In Many Ways, Specifically American Values And Pays The Price For A Specifically American Type Of Mistake. Isabel Archer Aspires To A Life Which Will Transcend, In Freedom And Range Of Experience, That Which European Young Women Of Her Day Were Brought Up To Expect. Her Whole Approach To Life Raises Questions Which, In Her Age, Relate To The Role Of Young Women Everywhere. The Story Of What Happens To Her Has The Scale Of Interest That Belongs To Women In All Ages, And Isabel Could Well Be Described As A Woman For All Seasons. It Is Henry James' Portrayal Of Her Character In Relation To The Background And Environment, Her Pride In Her Independence, Her Romanticism In The Possibilities Of Freedom, And An Insufficient Knowledge Of Life That Make The Portrait Of A Lady A Perennial Classic For All Times.	2005-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174765710	Conscience of a Maverick	Ram Jethmalani		Articles, chiefly on various legal topics, by an Indian lawyer.	2007	UBSPD						ZZZ000000
9788174766441	Fool S Paradise: A Collectionof Musings And Amusings	Joshi		Collection of anecdotes from author's life; also includes her literary writings.	2009	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174763327	Home Gardening	R. Kapoor		The Book Focuses On The Relevant Basic And Essential Know-How One Needs To Be A Successful Home-Gardener. Topics Like Manure, Fertilizers, Sowing Landscaping, Watering, Plant Types Etc. Have Been Dealt In A Succinct And Interesting Way. The Book Lists Over A Hundred Select Plants Accompanied With Attractive Illustrations For Instant Recognition. The Listing Has The Necessary Gardening Details, And Is Indexed Alphabetically For Easy Reference.	2004-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174764621	All You Need To Know About The Care Of Your Eyes	Dr R.K.Kapoor		This Book Gives Scientific Information About Eye Care, Describes The Important Diseases Of The Eye And Delves Into The Dos And Don'Ts Of Dealing With Such Ailments By Providing Guidelines For Day-To-Day Eye Care. It Focuses On The Cardinal Principles For Care, Prevention And Cure And Highlights The Misconceptions And Fears About Eye Diseases, Sharing With The Readers Practical Knowledge To Prevent The Onset Of Eye Damage, Arrest Ailments And Get The Best Out Of Eye Specialists. The Text Also Emphasizes The Importance Of Yogic Exercise, Pranayam And Morning Walks That Are Rejuvenating For The Eyes.	2004-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174764607	Gateway to the Gods, Haridwar-Rishikesh,Yamunotri-Gangotri-Kedarnath-Badrinath	Reeta Khullar&Rupinder Khullar		Gateway To The Gods - Haridwar, Rishikesh Gives The Reader A Comprehensive Glimpse Of The Overpowering And Mesmerizing Effect This Eternal City Has On Everyone Who Visits This Abode Of Gods In The Foothills Of Shivalik. Besides Haridwar, The Text Covers The Four Sacred Dhams Of The Hindus - Badrinath, Kedarnath, Gangotri And Yamunotri - The Picturesque Valley Of Flowers, Dehradun, The Capital Of Uttaranchal, And The Popular Hills Resort Of Mussoorie. The Book Gives An Insight Of The Origin Of This Holy City That Lies Embedded In Legendary Tales And Fables. The Text Is Accompanied By Captivating And Enchanting Pictures - Be It The Shrines Of This Spiritual City Blessed By The Holy Trinity Or Its Busy Streets, Eating Houses, The Beautiful Peaks Surrounding The City And The Pilgrims Reciting Aarti Or Performing Religious Rituals In The Holy Ganges. The Real-Life Pictures In The Book Take The Reader To This Sacred Pilgrimage Centre Of The Hindus So That He Can See Its Shrines And Feel The Holy Touch.	2004-01-01	Uttaranchal Tourism and UBS Publisher's Distributors, New Delhi						ZZZ000000
9788174763198	The Gujarat cookbook,authentic vegetarian cuisine	Kanchan Gopal Kabra		This Book Presents A Feast Of Traditional Gujarati Recipes. It Is An Assortment Of Recipes Of Delectable Dishes That Gujarati Food Lovers Would Relish. Whether It Is A Grand Meal Or An In-Between Snack That You Want To Surprise Your Guests With, This Book Offers A Variety Of Tasty Vegetarian Dishes, Sweets And After-Dinner Mouth Fresheners. Each Mouth-Watering Recipe Has Been Presented In A Manner That Is Easy To Understand And Follow.	2000-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788185944845	Here'S Help !	M.R. Kopmeyer		The Best Investment You Can Make Is In You. You Can Make More Money Or Acquire More Of Whatever You Want - By Investing In You Than In Any Other Investment. Nobody Buys Stock In Anything Unless He Or She Has Confidence In It. Now That You Have Bought Stock In Your-Self And Proved That You Have Confidence In Your-Self, You Have Taken The First Step In Getting Whatever You Want In Life. Here'S Help! Will Tell You How To Do It. This Book Contains 93 Personally Helpful Chapters, Power-Packed With Hundreds Of Proven Success Method To Enable You To Become What You Want To Be Achieve You Life Goal; Get What You Want In Life ....Now!	2003-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185944876	Thoughts To Build On	M.R. Kopmeyer		The Best Investment You Can Make Is In You. You Can Make More Money Or Acquire More Of Whatever You Want - By Investing In You Than In Any Other Investment. Nobody Buys Stock In Anything Unless He Or She Has Confidence In It. Now That You Have Bought Stock In Your-Self And Proved That You Have Confidence In Your-Self, You Have Taken The First Step In Getting Whatever You Want In Life. This Book Will Tell You How To Do It. This Book Contains 80 Inspiring Chapters Which Give You The Mind Power Of The Priceless Wisdom Of The Greatest Thinkers Throughout All History - Combined With Modern Proven Success Methods - To Bring You Success, Happiness And Inner Peace.	2003	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174766229	Breads Of India	Kanchan Gopal Kabra		This unique book presents a collection of recipes, which have been gathered over a number of years. The exciting collection of traditional and changing versions of recipes shows the enormous repertoire of Indian bread cuisines. It presents more than 125 recipes of various breads that have never been presented before. It also contains many delicious and mouth-watering recipes of buttermilk, chutneys, and salads, which complement them making them a complete, balanced meal. Most of the recipes are quick and easy to make and the preparations can be done hours before preparing and serving the dishes. The ingredients used in most of the recipes are readily available at home. This book is a boon for the housemaker, the chef, people staying alone and for the mothers who packs lunchboxes everyday-- avoid the hassles of discussing over it.	2008	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174766151	Cooking For Pregnant And Lactating Women	Kabra&Kanchan G		This book presents a feast of delicious and nutritious recipes created for woman planning a baby, for pregnant women and for lactating ones. This is a boon to them. Kanchan Kabra being a nutrition consultant and a dietician has formulated each recipe considering the nutrition value of the food and its palatability. Minute care has been taken to ensure that one gets the balanced & correct combination of nutrients during the 9 months of pregnancy and thereafter during lactation. Apart from food, many useful tips are given in this book, to help you to solve and satisfy your complaints, which are common in more than half of the pregnant women. This book breaks the old myth which forces you to eat a lot of ghee so that the delivery becomes easy and less painful or not to eat fruits like papaya, pineapple, etc. which may cause miscarriage, and many such old-beliefs, which are completely baseless.	2008	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174765796	Diabetes Delicacies	Kabra&Kanchan G. Kobra&Kanchan G		This book presents a collection of recipes which a diabetic can relish without feeling guilty. Each recipe has been furnished with a view to the nutritional requirement of the individual. It contains vitally important facts like the importance of exercise, soyabean, remedies, preventive tips, dos and don'ts etc. In short, this book offers the A to Z about delicious and quality diabetic care. Apart from recipes, the book contains other essential information which every diabetic individual must know and follow to live a life free of worry. This author executed idea keeps in mind the increasing number of diabetic patients in the country and their need for proper and palatable diet. This book is a boon for all those who cater to the tastes and care of a diabetic, patients living alone and house makers who want to be precautions about diabetes in the family history--avoid the hassles of discussing over it.	2008	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174766212	Vegetables And Curries For All Seasons	Kabra&Kanchan G. Kobra&Kanchan G		Vegetables are the life of every meal. When the food is served, the first dish you would look for is-- the green pick of the day? And after that comes the turn of rest of the dishes. Lots & lots of vegetables are available in the market. But still everyday a housewife has a problem to decide the vegetables in the menu. This book is the answer to their problems. The author has tried to give a variety of exotic recipes from Aloo Mutter to Malai Babycorn. Simple vegetables to stuffed delicacies from dals to Punjabi preparations. All are included inside the folds of this and it would be of immense help to all.	2008	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174765253	The impact of Netaji and INA on India's independence	Raj Mal Kasliwal&Ravi Ratan Kasliwal		This Work, Penned By Subhas Chandra Bose'S Personal Physician, Offers Rare And Close Glimpses Of This Great Nationalist. Decades May Have Passed Since Netaji'S Mission Of A Free India Was Accomplished, But The Myriad Positive Attributes Of The Man, The Innumerable Obstacles In Its Rocky Path And How The Azad Hind Fauj Overcame Them, As Highlighted In This Work, Will Serve To Inspire One And All.	2005-01-01	UBSPD						ZZZ000000
9788185944401	How You Can Get Richer Quicker !	M R Kopmeyer		The Best Investment You Can Make Is In You. You Can Make More Money Or Acquire More Of Whatever You Want - By Investing In You Than In Any Other Investment. Nobody Buys Stock In Anything Unless He Or She Has Confidence In It. Now That You Have Bought Stock In Your-Self And Proved That You Have Confidence In Your-Self, You Have Taken The First Step In Getting Whatever You Want In Life. How You Can Get Richer Quicker! Will Tell You How To Do It. This Book Contains 101 Practical, Commonsense Chapters Which Teach You To Proven Success Methods Of Fortune Building. How Others Became Super-Rich In Five Years. Where The Fortunes Will Be Made In The Next Ten Years. How You Can Get Richer Quicker!	2004-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185944418	How To Get Whatever You Want	M.R. Kopmeyer		The Best Investment You Can Make Is In You. You Can Make More Money Or Acquire More Of Whatever You Want - By Investing In You Than In Any Other Investment. Nobody Buys Stock In Anything Unless He Or She Has Confidence In It. Now That You Have Bought Stock In Your-Self And Proved That You Have Confidence In Your-Self, You Have Taken The First Step In Getting Whatever You Want In Life. This Book Will Tell You How To Do It. This Book Contains 71 Motivating Chapters Of More Proven Success Methods To Enable You To Get Whatever You Want	2003-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174765628	Rabindranath Tagore, a biography	Krishna Kripalani		Biography of Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941, Bengali litterateur.	2008-04-04	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174764683	Women in love	D.H. Lawrence		D. H. Lawrence'S Women In Love (1921) Has Been Described As 'Stream-Of-Consciousness' Novel Where Events Are Remembered Not In A Chronological Order But As Free Association Brings Them To Mind. The Overall Meaning Of The Novel Depends Therefore Not On The Moral Patterns But How We Interrelate The Strands Of Suggestion And Interpret The Critical Scenes. Hence Its Enduring Place In Literature.	2005	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174764966	Moby Dick - The Whale	Herman Melville		This Classic Story Of High Adventure, Manic Obsession, And Metaphysical Speculation Was Melville'S Masterpiece. It Is The Story Of The Obsessed Captain Ahab Who, Sailing The Whaler Pequod, Determines To Avenge Himself Against The 'Diabolic White Whale, Moby Dick', That Has Injured Him. The Book, Filled With Learning And Parody, Is Not Only A Vivid, Moving, Sea-Borne Adventure, But Also A Profound Work Of Modern Experiment.	2005	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174761941	Pickles, Chutneys and Preserves	Vasantha Moorthy		Pickles, Chutneys And Preserves Form An Essential (And Invaluable) Part Of The Heritage Of Indian Cuisine. Unfortunately, The Art Of Fruit And Vegetable Preservation In Prime Season, Seems To Be On The Wane, Thanks To Today'S Hectic Lifestyles. To Bring Back To Your Meals The Unsubstitutable Flavour Of Home-Made Preserves, This Book Offers A Wide Range Of Recipes From Every Part Of The Country, Using Almost Every Seasonal Fruit And Vegetable.	1999-05-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185944180	The vegetarian menu book,a comprehensive guide to authentic Indian vegetarian cuisine	Vasantha Moorthy		Here At Last, Is The Complete Indian Vegetarian Cook Book.: This Menu Book Is A New, Exciting Cook Book On Indian Vegetarian Cuisine. It Contains Over 300 Tried-And-Tested Recipes From Different Regions Of India, Which The Author Has Perfected Over The Last 40 Years.	1993	UBS Publishers Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174763464	Aligarh Muslim University,perfect past and precarious present	Anil Maheshwari		Aligarh, As The Microcosm Of The Muslim Community, Can Aptly Be Called An Index Of The Status Of Muslims In India. Mohammad Ali Jinnah, The Founding Father Of Pakistan, Eulogised Aligarh In The Pre-Partition Days As The 'Arsenal Of Muslims India'. Though It May Not Have Remained The Only Centre Of Muslim Politics After The Partition Of India, It Still Occupies A Pivotal Place In The Country'S Politics, Its Communal Contours As Well As The Social And Political Mobilisation Of Muslims. Aligarh Muslim University (Amu) Has Been Listed As An Institute Of National Importance In The Seventh Schedule Of The Constitutions. Despite The General Impression That The Amu Of Old Had Fulfilled Its Function And Had Become More Of A 'Problem', Aligarh Continues To Be The Hub Of Muslim Ethnicity In North Indian States - Uttar Pradesh And Bihar In Particular. Though The Catchment Era For Attracting Students Has Shrunk With The Mushroom Growth Of New Educational Institutions And Universities In Almost Every Corner Of The Country, Amu Has Retained Its Significance. No Wonder It Has Attracted Friends And Foes In Equal Measure.	2001-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174763310	How To Have A Baby	Aniruddha N Malpani		This comprehensive and easy to understand 400 plus page book offers new hope for infertile couples. Beginning with the basics of making a baby, the book describes what couples can do to help themselves; how to choose a doctor; and how to choose the best medical treatment option. All the latest technological advances, including PGD, ICSI, blastocyst transfer and laser assisted hatching are described in detail. Alternative options for building a family; and practical suggestions to cope with the stress and stigma of infertility complete the book. The message of this book is simple - infertile couples should not lose hope and should actively participate in the treatment of their infertility as well-informed patients.	2004-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174763440	Parenting Your Child	M C Mathew&Anna Mathew&Beulah Wood		A Vital Guide To Parents About What Constitutes Good And Healthy Parenting. It Will Prove Useful For Parents With A Child Of Any Age And For Couples Expecting A Baby To Enable Them To Start Thinking And Preparing To Become Parents.	2006-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						FAM034000
9788174766571	Snacks For Every Occasion: Vegetarian And Non-Vegetarian	Mendonsa&Gilda		The book contains a wide variety of recipes which include both vegetarian & non-vegetarian snacks. The steps are clear and easy to follow. Moreover they are not time consuming either. So, go ahead.	2009	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174761620	Paradise Lost	John Milton		Paradise Lost Has Been Described As An Epic Poem Of Heroic Proportions . Divided Into Twelve Books, It Narrates The Story Of Man'S Disobedience And The Loss Of Paradise. For Milton, The Primary Cause Of All This Was Satan Who Had Rebelled Against God With A Huge Number Of Angels And Had Been Cast Out Of Heaven Into Hell Before Adam And Eve Were Created.	2004	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						LCO003000
9788174765741	Mythology Quiz Book	Terry O'brien		Have You Ever Been Interested In Peeking Within Yourself And Dusting Off The Haze Of Mythological Stories From Our Grandmother'S Repertoire-- Heard, Wondered At And Forgotten? Take This Word, Even In Today'S Changed Times, You Will Again Find Mythology To Be A Part And Parcel Of Our Lives! This Book Explores Mythology From A Totally Different Angle. The Treasure House Of Various Mythological Stories All Around The World Is Given The Passionately Interesting Reshaping Of Quiz. It Is For You Now To Try Your Hand At. From The Roman And Norse Mythological Origins Of The Name Of Months And Days, To The Myths Woven Behind The Zodiac Signs And Constellations; From Them Mythological Story Attached To Flowers Like Hyacinth, To The Fascinating Narrative Tracking Down Even The Tail Of The Peacock With Eyes Embedded On It-- With Everything You Can Quiz With Friends And Family On The Uncommon Sensibility Around Us-- Mythology Quiz!	2006-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174765239	On the fringes of government,a personal journey	A. Premchand		Autobiography of an official of public service in India and retired assistant director of International Monetary Fund.	2005	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788185944210	How to Help Your Child Succeed	Anant Pai		This Book Will Help The Parent To Decide Broadly What Sort Of A Parent He/She Is, And What Sort He/She Would Like To Be. It Is Not An Easy Task. After All, No Parent Is Consciously A Bad Or An Uncaring One. And Yet, When The Child Fails To Perform Well Or Shows Signs Of Rebellion, There Is Disappointment. How Or Where Could We Have Gone Wrong?	1996-12-31	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174765352	Integral Education: Afoundation For The Future (Hb)	Partho		Integral Education Is An Enquiry Into The Nature And Dynamics Of A Possible Evolutionary Education That Could Actually Precipitate A Next Level Of Human Evolution In Nature'S Ascending Movement Towards Perfect Consciousness And Action. The Book Explores How Such An Evolutionary Vision And Philosophy Of Life Can Evolve Into An Educational Psychology And Pedagogy And Radically Transform Schools And Societies Across The Planet.	2007-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174765895	Death Of A Dictator: The Story Of Saddam Hussein	Tanushree Podder		On the life and times of Saddam Hussein, 1937-2006, former president of Iraq.	2008	Ubspd						ZZZ000000
9788174765789	An Introduction To Vedas	Raj Kumar Pruthi		What do you think about a culture which says to its gifted scientists, scholars and architects, `Nothing for self all for society; which calculated the distance between the sun and the earth and declared that gross atoms are not inert; all this 4000 years ago through transcendental research? And how much developed and structured will the social ethos of such a culture be? As most of the modern psychologists and scientists are discovering, it will definitely be better than the present society we are living in. Should we then not consider the call of, `Back to Vedas` more seriously? Vedas hold the solution to the problems plaguing the world today, not only about science but about a good living, about balance, mental health and stress-free life, about total contentment. If only we peruse through the vast world of knowledge contained in the Vedas, we will surely bless our lives with much abundance, satisfaction and peace. Every shloka in the Vedas is a pearl of wisdom, which we always had and yet cared not to preserve its preciousness. This book is an attempt to bring about in the human thinking today all that is good and promised by the Vedas, the eternal source of wisdom. What is needed in today`s knowledge-based world is a change towards wisdom-based world.	2008-01-01	UBS Publ.						ZZZ000000
9788174764744	Handbook of alternative therapies	Raj Kumar Pruthi		Since The Dawn Of Civilization, People All Over The World Developed Their Native Systems Of Medicine And Therapies To Overcome Their Health Problems - Which Often Varied From Region To Region Depending Upon The Climatic And Other Conditions. In Today'S World, The Allopathic System Of Medicine, Which Is The Treatment Of Disease By Conventional Usage Of Drugs Having Effects Opposite To The System, Is Widely Accepted Across The Globe. But, As Many Of Us Have Realized Over Decades And Centuries, Allopathy Alone Cannot Always Solve Our Mental And Physical Problems. Handbook Of Alternative Therapies Is Designed To Scientifically Introduce The Subject Of Alternate Remedies To The General Reader. It Clarifies The Various Terms, Classifications, Safety Measures And Effectiveness Of The Therapies, Their Cost And Service Delivery And The Needed Expertise Of The Practitioners In The Field. The Work Delves Into The Various Forms Of Alternative Therapies, Their Uses, Procedures Of Treatment, Benefits And Side-Effects. The Book Also Provides A Comprehensive Glossary That Will Be Of Immense Benefit To The Readers In Comprehending The Technical Terms Used In The Text.	2004-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174765376	The A To Z Of Healthy Small And Medium Scale Business	Amar Quershi		Amer'S Holistic Approach To Small And Medium Businesses Includes Stress Management And Balancing Work With Family Life, Along With His Sensible Ideas On Goal-Based Business Operations And Financial Management. The Book Introduces The Author'S Unique 'Qcoi' Steps To Success And Will Provide A Breath Of Fresh Air And Inspiration For Any Business. Also Covers Indian Laws And Taxation.	2005-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185674261	Graha and Bhava Balas	B.V. Raman		Presents The Ancient Rules For Determing Strength Of Planets And Houses. This Is A Revised Edition Of The Book. 10 Chapters, 9 Tables. Dealers Stamp On The Title Page.		UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185674681	Muhurtha,electional astrology	B. V. Raman		The Aim Of This Comprehensive Volume Is To Present To The Reader In A Concise Form All The Essential Principles Of Muhurtha Or Electional Astrology. Slightly Shop-Worn.	1993-04-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174765468	Heal Yourself With Homoeopathy	Dr. M.B.L. Saxena		This Book Has Been Written For The Benefit Of All Those Who Have Little Or No Knowledge Of Homeopathy But Desire To Know About It And Also Those Who Are Interested To Know More And For Those Who Need An Easy Reference Book. This Book Meets All These Requirements. Loaded With Recent Homeopathic System Of Treatment Such As Mother Tinctures, Single Medicines And Combinations On Their Merit Of Treatment, This Book Has Practical Utility And Would Benefit All Types Of Readers.	2006-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174764577	Homoeopathic Remedies,Self-Help	M.B.L. Sexena		This book is a practical guide for the common man and the practitioner to understand the ailments that invade the human system and provides effective remedies for the same. The diseases have been listed in alphabetical order, which makes it easy for the reader to locate the specific ailment and take the necessary steps to cure it.	2003-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174764102	Arms And The Man	G.B. Shaw		This Play Marked George Bernard Shaw'S Introduction As An Outstanding Playwright To The Theatre-Lovers Of London In 1894. The Play Is A Comedy About Love And War That Contradicts The Popular Notion That Soldiers Are Heroes Who Are Inspired By Patriotic Sentiments, And Projects Fighting As A Profession Like Any Other. The Play Is A Satire On Militarism That Implies That The Inexperienced And Raw Youth Rashly Risk Their Lives On The Battlefront, And Draws A Line Between The 'Ideal' And The 'Real'. Like War, Love Too Has No Romantic Glamour. The Satire, As Such, Focuses On A Great Deal Of Truth In Love And War.	2004	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174764591	Professional Chef,The Art of Fine Cooking,Indian,French,Italian,Chinese,Bakery and Confectionary,Kitchen Management	A. Saraswat		This Book Brings To Your Table Delicious Fare From Sundry Kitchens The World Over. It Has A Wonderful Assortment Of Simple To Exotic Recipes, Colourfully Illustrated, From French, Italian, Chinese, Bakery And Confectionary And Of Course, Our Very Own Indian Cuisine. This Is Further Enriched By An Interesting Historical Account Of The Classical Dishes Of Various Regions. Specifically Written According To The Syllabus And Requirements Of Students Taking Courses At Hotel Management And Catering Institutes. To Make This A Comprehensive Kitchen Handbook, New Chapters Chapters Have Been Added.	2003-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174765826	Firefighting	Barendra Mohan Sen		Firefighting: The Essential Handbook Provides An Introduction As Well As Advance Guide For All The Fire Science Students And Fire Service Officers. It Serves The Theoretical And Practical Needs Of A Fire Professional, Highlighting All Aspects Of Fire Science And Extinction Technology From A Fireman'S Point Of View. And That, Too, In A Firefighter'S Language.	2007-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174762016	A Midsummer Night'S Dream (Ubspd Modern Shakespeare)	William Shakespeare		Ubspd'S Modern Shakespeare Series Is Basically Meant For Those Reading The Works Of William Shakespeare For The First Time, Particularly Students. This Volume Comprises The Complete Text With A Detailed Introduction And Notes On: The Story Of The Play; Act-Wise, Scene-Wise Summary; Selected Questions And Answers; Text And Paraphrase; Characters Of The Play; Select Criticism; The Life And Works Of Shakespeare; Shakespeare Tragedy; Shakespeare Comedy; Shakespeare'S Historical Plays And Shakespeare'S Use Of Rhyme And Prose.	2003-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174762009	Antony And Cleopatra,Special Edition With Introduction, Detailed Notes, Scene-wise Summary, Annotations And Questions & Answers	praveen Bhatia&William Shakespeare		Ubspd'S Modern Shakespeare Series Is Basically Meant For Those Reading The Works Of William Shakespeare For The First Time, Particularly Students. This Volume Comprises The Complete Text With A Detailed Introduction And Notes On: The Story Of The Play; Act-Wise, Scene-Wise Summary; Selected Questions And Answers; Text And Paraphrase; Characters Of The Play; Select Criticism; The Life And Works Of Shakespeare; Shakespeare Tragedy; Shakespeare Comedy; Shakespeare'S Historical Plays And Shakespeare'S Use Of Rhyme And Prose.	2000-01-30	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174761200	Hamlet (Ubspd Modern Shakespeare)	William Shakespeare		Ubspd'S Modern Shakespeare Series Is Basically Meant For Those Reading The Works Of William Shakespeare For The First Time, Particularly Students. This Volume Comprises The Complete Text With A Detailed Introduction And Notes On: The Story Of The Play; Act-Wise, Scene-Wise Summary; Selected Questions And Answers; Text And Paraphrase; Characters Of The Play; Select Criticism; The Life And Works Of Shakespeare; Shakespeare Tragedy; Shakespeare Comedy; Shakespeare'S Historical Plays And Shakespeare'S Use Of Rhyme And Prose.	2005-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174760838	Julius Caesar (Ubspd Modern Shakespeare)	William Shakespeare		Ubspd'S Modern Shakespeare Series Is Basically Meant For Those Reading The Works Of William Shakespeare For The First Time, Particularly Students. This Volume Comprises The Complete Text With A Detailed Introduction And Notes On: The Story Of The Play; Act-Wise, Scene-Wise Summary; Selected Questions And Answers; Text And Paraphrase; Characters Of The Play; Select Criticism; The Life And Works Of Shakespeare; Shakespeare Tragedy; Shakespeare Comedy; Shakespeare'S Historical Plays And Shakespeare'S Use Of Rhyme And Prose.	2006-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174760814	King Lear	William Shakespeare		"Director Richard Eyre stages a bold, expressionistic interpretation of perhaps Shakespeare's most vivid and striking tragedy" -- Container.	2006-01-01	BBC						ZZZ000000
9788174761927	Romeo And Juliet (UBSPD Modern Shakespeare)	William Shakespeare		Ubspd'S Modern Shakespeare Series Is Basically Meant For Those Reading The Works Of William Shakespeare For The First Time, Particularly Students. This Volume Comprises The Complete Text With A Detailed Introduction And Notes On: The Story Of The Play; Act-Wise, Scene-Wise Summary; Selected Questions And Answers; Text And Paraphrase; Characters Of The Play; Select Criticism; The Life And Works Of Shakespeare; Shakespeare Tragedy; Shakespeare Comedy; Shakespeare'S Historical Plays And Shakespeare'S Use Of Rhyme And Prose.	2006	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174760999	The Merchant Of Venice (Ubspd Modern Shakespeare)	William Shakespeare		Ubspd'S Modern Shakespeare Series Is Basically Meant For Those Reading The Works Of William Shakespeare For The First Time, Particularly Students. This Volume Comprises The Complete Text With A Detailed Introduction And Notes On: The Story Of The Play; Act-Wise, Scene-Wise Summary; Selected Questions And Answers; Text And Paraphrase; Characters Of The Play; Select Criticism; The Life And Works Of Shakespeare; Shakespeare Tragedy; Shakespeare Comedy; Shakespeare'S Historical Plays And Shakespeare'S Use Of Rhyme And Prose.	2006-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174761507	The Tempest	W. Shakespeare		Ubspd'S Modern Shakespeare Series Is Basically Meant For Those Reading The Works Of William Shakespeare For The First Time, Particularly Students. This Volume Comprises The Complete Text With A Detailed Introduction And Notes On: The Story Of The Play; Act-Wise, Scene-Wise Summary; Selected Questions And Answers; Text And Paraphrase; Characters Of The Play; Select Criticism; The Life And Works Of Shakespeare; Shakespeare Tragedy; Shakespeare Comedy; Shakespeare'S Historical Plays And Shakespeare'S Use Of Rhyme And Prose.	2005	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174761514	Twelfth Night	W. Shakespeare		Ubspd'S Modern Shakespeare Series Is Basically Meant For Those Reading The Works Of William Shakespeare For The First Time, Particularly Students. This Volume Comprises The Complete Text With A Detailed Introduction And Notes On: The Story Of The Play; Act-Wise, Scene-Wise Summary; Selected Questions And Answers; Text And Paraphrase; Characters Of The Play; Select Criticism; The Life And Works Of Shakespeare; Shakespeare Tragedy; Shakespeare Comedy; Shakespeare'S Historical Plays And Shakespeare'S Use Of Rhyme And Prose.	2005	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174765734	Your Stars And Prosperity	Prem Kumar Sharma		Prosperity Is Decided By The Stars And Not Always By Your Hard Work Only. You May Be Lucky To Become Prosperous Through Your Own Efforts Alone Or Wealth May Come To You In A Windfall As A Result Of Your Previous Karma. This Wonderful Work By The Famous Author And Renowned Astrologer Dr. Prem Kumar Sharma Reveals The Secrets Of Nature Through The Window Of Astrology And Shows You The Way To Prosperity Through The Door Of Astrology	2007-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185674209	My bleeding Punjab	Khushwant Singh		This Book, In Parts Unashamedly Emotional, Lucidly Traces The History Of The Problem, Detailing The Grievances And Resentments Of The Punjabis Since Independence And Touching Upon All The Major Developments.	1992	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174760494	Gulliver's Travels	Jonathan Swift		Gulliver'S Travels Is One Of The Most Comprehensive And Brilliantly Worked Out Satires On Man And His Civilisation. It Is A Novel In Four Parts Which Shows Gulliver'S Travels First Among Little People, Then Among Enormous Giants, Then Among Idealists And Dreamers And Finally Among Horses! Swift'S Basic Object In All The Four Parts Is To Deflate Human Pride By Showing All The Pomp And Circumstance Of Human Pretensions, All The Stylisation Of Cruelty, The Vanities, Rituals, Political Catchwords, Meaningless Controversies, That Characterise Man In Society...	2006-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						FIC019000
9788174760241	Adventure of Tom Sawyer	Mark Twain		One Of The Eternal Classics In Children'S Fiction, This Novel Is Not Merely Entertainment For Children But A Constant Reminder To Adults Of Their Own Childhood. Set In Mid-19Th Century America About Two Decades Before The Civil War, Mark Twain Intertwines The Growing Pains Of Young Tom Sawyer With American Folklore, Particularly Superstitions, And Tidbits Of Daily Gossip That Have Lost None Of Their Universality And Relevance To This Day.	2006	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						FIC019000
9788174764270	Gitanjali, song offerings,a collection of prose translations made by the author from the original Bengali manuscript	Rabindranath Tagore&Visva-Bharati		Selection of 103 verses from 157 poems of the original Bengali edition.	2003-01-01	Published by UBS Publishers' Distributors in association with Visva-Bharati, Santiniketan						ZZZ000000
9788174766489	Pointers To Profession: An Astrological Exposition	Trivedi M&Trivedi T P		Pointers to Profession: An Astrological Exposition' is the most exhaustive and extraordinary treatise, on the judgement of fitting and appropriate vocation of the native. This work covers all aspects of profession, whatever is possible, on the basis of authors research based studies for the last many decades, taking the essential abstract from all the classical works. Whether it will be a govt. job or a private enterprise or an independent business? What job or business will suit the native most? What are the houses and planets which should be considered for the judgement of one's occupation? Should houses other than the 10th be also taken into account while judging one's vocational aspect? What role does the navamsa, nakshatras and Atmakamka planets play in the judgement of profession and how to time the events in native's professional life have all been very lucidly explained with 123 practical illustrations in 19 informative chapters. The house of education and brilliance should also be properly studied to know the kind and level of education indicated to the subject. This has been dealt with very systematically and scientifically in the chapter on 'Houses and Significators of Education'. Also discussed are some of the myths about Moon, secrets of Saturn, how does Saturn's transit help in timing the events and Badhaka planets. How to judge with accuracy the financial prospects, prosperity, fortune or misfortune of the native? How to know the 'profession of prospective spouse' has also been dealt with in detail. It is the most comprehensive, monumental and unique book, first of its kind, on the aspect of profession which will be appreciated by students, readers and scholars of astrology and they will certainly find it most informative and useful work on the aspect of profession, so far.	2009	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174763730	Clues in Interpreting Charts	Gayatri Devi Vasudev		This Book Shows You How To Apply The Principles Of Astrology To Individual Charts In The Light Of Contemporary Social Life And Problems, And Trace The Trends Hidden In Them.	2003-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174762283	A room of one's own	Virginia Woolf&Bill Shepherd&Patrick Garland&Eileen Atkins&Oyster Television Film Theatre Ltd&Thames Television&ltd&Films for the Humanities (Firm)		Eileen Atkins' one-woman stage performance recreates Virginia Woolf's talk to the women of Girton College, Cambridge. A call to women to declare their independence, talent and freedom to write, think, love and labor, and to control their own destinies, yet realize necessary communion on all levels between men and women.	2004	Films for the Humanities						ZZZ000000
9788174761194	As You Like It (Ubspd Modern Shakespeare)	William Shakespeare		Ubspd'S Modern Shakespeare Series Is Basically Meant For Those Reading The Works Of William Shakespeare For The First Time, Particularly Students. This Volume Comprises The Complete Text With A Detailed Introduction And Notes On: The Story Of The Play; Act-Wise, Scene-Wise Summary; Selected Questions And Answers; Text And Paraphrase; Characters Of The Play; Select Criticism; The Life And Works Of Shakespeare; Shakespeare Tragedy; Shakespeare Comedy; Shakespeare'S Historical Plays And Shakespeare'S Use Of Rhyme And Prose.	2004-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788125915423	Business Communication	R.K. Madhukar		The Book Provides A Comprehensive Coverage Of The Various Concepts And Cardinal Principles Of Business Communication. It Helps In Acquiring A Good Understanding Of All Relevant Facets Of Communication Why, When, Who, What, How, How Often, How Much And The	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125920601	Computer Applications in Management	Prabhpreet Chopra S Saxena		Computers Have Today Changed The Face Of The World Of Business And Management. It Is Today Essential For A Successful Manager To Be Comfortable In The Use Of Computers And Aware Of The Great Potential It Offers In Improving Efficiency And Productivity In	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125919049	Beyond Code	Rajesh Setty		The theory and practice prescribed in this book are right on. Read it as if your life depends on it. It does! - Tom Peters we are smart people, and we know that if we continue to do the same things that we have done, we will continue same results. We also know that we need to do different things and distinguish ourselves in order to get super our life. It seems easy, but we know that it's not. We need tools and insights that will help us distinguish ourselves. We need the discipline to practice them almost on a daily basis. In Beyond Code Rajesh Setty puts together a set of such insights and practices from his notes and cheat sheets collected over the last ten years. The purpose is to help you emerge inside the cubicle, and take it beyond the code.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125925316	Development and Planning of Modern Education	J C Aggarwal		Published In The Silver Jubilee Year Of Its Existence The Ninth Edition Of This Book Has Been Thoroughly Revised. Apart From The Regular Updating Of Information And Statistics Throughout, Two Chapters Have Been Totally Rewritten As Education In The Tenth Five Year Plan And Recent Initiatives In Educational Development In India , And One New Has Been Added, Namely, Comparative Data On The Development Of Education . Updating Has Been Done Using The Following Publications: (I) The State Of The World S Children 2007, Unicef; And (Ii) Elementary Education In India-Progress Towards Uee, Nuepa. 2007, And Following Publications Of The Government Of India: (I) Annual Report 2004-2005, Ugc; (Ii) Economic Survey 2006-2007, Ministry Of Finance; (Iii) India 2007, Ministry Of Information And Broadcasting; (Iv) Annual Report 2006-2007, Ministry Of Hrd; (V) Selected Educational Statistics 2004-2005, Ministry Of Hrd.	2009	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125922926	Essentials of Educational Psychology - Second Edition	J C Aggarwal		This Examination Oriented And Student Oriented Book Is Primarily Designed To Meet The Examination Needs Of The Students Of B.Ed., B.T., L.T. And B.A. (Education). The Treatment Of The Subject Matter Specially Helps Develop Insight Into The Concepts And Enables Students To Obtain Maximum Marks In The Examination. The Text Has Been Supplemented With Charts, Diagrams, Figures And Tables To Make The Subject Interesting And More Comprehensible. The Book Aims At Providing A Comprehensive Overview Of Educational Psychology, In Which The Readers Are Introduced To The Life And Works Of Some Fifty Great Educational Psychologists. It Is Hoped That This Chapter Will Enable The Students To Unlock The Doors Of The Treasure-House Of Information, Knowledge And Wisdom Enshrined In The Thought And Practices Propounded By These Masterminds.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125927938	Teaching Of Commerce: A Practical Approach, 2E	J C Aggarwal		This Book Has Been A Favourite With Students And Teachers Alike Since It Was First Published In 1996. It Makes A Comprehensive And Critical Exposition Of All Facets Of Teaching Commerce. It Essentially Offers A Learner-Oriented Text, Whereas The Approach Is Strictly Utilitarian So It Serves As A Reliable Guide In The Classroom, And Provides Practical Suggestions For Making The Teaching-Learning Process Effective, Inspirational And Interesting. To Make The Subject Interesting, The Text Has Been Suitably Supplemented With Diagrams, Figures And Tables.By Virtue Of Its Extensive And In-Depth Coverage Of The Subject The Book Has Been Useful To Students Preparing For Teacher Training Courses, Not Only In India But Also In The Middle-East And South-East Asian Countries. It Has Also Served As A Reliable Handbook For In-Service Teachers.Revision Of The Book Became Necessary Following The Changes In The Syllabus In Accordance With The National Curriculum Framework 2005. Thus, Chapters On Suggestive Lesson Plans In Accountancy, Pedagogic Analysis Of The Subject, And Multiple Choice Questions Have Been Included For The Second Edition.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125918691	Teaching of Social Studies: a Practical Approach - 4th Edition	J C Aggarwal		Teaching Of Social Studies Is Written For The Bed Students Of Different Universities In India. It Has Also Been Found Equally Useful In The Middle-East And South-East Asian Countries On Account Of Its Wide Coverage.The Teaching Of Social Studies Is Of	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125922940	Teaching Of History, 4E	J C Aggarwal		Written For The Students Of B.Ed. Of Indian Universities This Book Is Equally Useful In Middle-East And South-East Asian Countries By Virtue Of Its Authoritative Coverage.For Some Time Now The Subject Of History Has Been Losing Ground On Utility And The Interest It Once Commanded. The Book Is An Attempt At Re-Instilling Interest In The Teaching And Learning Of The Subject With Its Inspirational And Effective Methods. In That Respect It Is Addressed To All Those Who Are Interested In The Subject And Want To Maintain It As A Subject Of Study.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125928560	Essentials of COST ACCOUNTING	Arora Mn		This Compact Book Is An Attempt To Provide The Students With Thorough Understanding Of The Principles, Concepts And Methods Of Costing. The Subject Matter Has Been Presented In A Systematic And Intelligible Manner With Liberal Use Of Numerical Illustrations, Charts And Diagrams So As To Make It Interesting And Sustain Readers' Interest.The Book Has Been Divided Into Seven Chapters As Per The Syllabus Of Bba. Based On The Conviction That Students Can Really Learn Costing By Solving Problems, The Theory And Problems Approach Has Been Adopted To Fully Meet The Needs Of The Students. Thus, Apart From Well Organised Theory, This Book Provides Sufficient Number Of Solved Problems And Illustrations And Also Unsolved Problems With Answers And Hints, As Well As Objective Type Questions And Select Theory Questions. This Will Help Students To Tackle Examination Questions With Ease. Theory Questions, Practical Problems And Illustrations Have Been Mostly Selected From Bba, B.Com, Ca, Cs, Icwa And Other Relevant Examinations.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125925286	Company Law, 12E	A K Bagrial		The Book Presents The Provisions Of The Companies Act, 1956 Subject-Wise, And Illustrates Them With Numerous Examples To Enable The Reader To Understand How The Law Works In Practice. Essential Background Material Has Also Been Given To Explain The Objective And Implications Of Various Provisions Of The Act. Both Indian And English Cases Relating To Incorporated Companies Are Cited Wherever Necessary And Relevant Passages Have Been Quoted At Appropriate Places From Classic English Works On The Subject. It Also Gives A Brief History Of The Company Law In India.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125925309	Public Finance, 26E	H L Bhatia		Since The Theoretical Aspects Of Public Finance And Their Application To The Indian Fiscal System Feed Upon Each Other, The Book Is Divided Into Two Parts: The First Covers The Theory Of Public Finance And The Second Covers The Indian Public Finance.The Edition In Hand Thoroughly Tracks The Contents And Related Issues Of A Rapid And All-Engulfing Transformation Of The Indian Fiscal System Under An Impact Of Its Own Socio-Economic Dynamism And In Response To The Changing Scenario Of Globalization And The World Economic Order. It Makes Use Of The Latest Available Data And Information, Including Goi And Railway Budgets For 2007-08, State Government Budgets For 2006-07, And Relevant Reports Of Various Committees And Commissions. Apart From The Latest Developments In Relevant Theoretical Areas Of The Subject, It Thoroughly Covers The Restructuring Process And Related Issues Of The Indian Fiscal System. This Edition Includes Six Appendices On Newly Emerging Topics, Including Gender Budgeting And Incremental Budeting.The Book Covers Ugc Syllabus And The Syllabi Of Leading Indian Universities For Honours, Postgraduate And Professional Courses. It Is Equally Useful For Examinations Conducted By Professional And Other Employment-Providing Bodies, And Is An Updated And Authentic Volume For Public Finance, Including Indian Public Finance.	2009	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125918530	Fundamentals Of Power Electronics, 1E	S.K. Bhattacharya		The Application Of Power Electronics Is Increasingly Being Seen In Residential, Commercial, Industrial, Transportation, Aerospace, And Telecommunication Systems. An Electrical, Electronics Or Control Systems Engineer Needs To Understand The Basic Devices	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125927907	Structural Analysis Vol-1, 3E	S S Bhavikatti		Structural Analysis, Or The Theory Of Structures , Is An Important Subject For Civil Engineering Students Who Are Required To Analyze And Design Structures. It Is A Vast Field And Is Largely Taught At The Undergraduate Level. A Few Topics Like Matrix Method And Plastic Analysis Are Also Taught At The Postgraduate Level And In Structural Engineering Electives. The Entire Course Has Been Covered In Two Volumes.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125923466	The Embryology Of Angiosperms, 5E	S P Bhatnagar S S Bhojwani		Embryology Of Angiosperms Deals With The Study Of Structures And Processes Associated With The Formation Of Gametes, Fertilization And Development Of Embryo And Its Nutritive And Protective Tissues. It Is An Area Of Considerable Basic And Applied Interest. This Popular Textbook For B.Sc. (General And Hons) And M.Sc. Serves The Students Of Botany, Agriculture And Forestry For Their Regular Courses And Competitive Examinations. It Explains All The Important Topics Such As Development And Structure Of Male And Female Gametophytes, Pollination, Fertilization, Sexual Incompatibility, Development Of Endosperm And Embryo, Polyembryony, Apomixis And Seed Development. It Also Describes Embryology In Relation To Taxonomy And Experimental And Applied Embryology. A Large Number Of Illustrations And Self-Explanatory Diagrams And Pithy Text Are The Strong Points Of The Book.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125928485	Mathematics For Bca Vol. 1, 1E As Per Wbut Syllabi	Bikas C Bhui And D Chatterjee		Students Of Bca Being At The Threshold Of A Completely New Domain, The Book Has Been Planned With Utmost Care In The Exposition Of Concepts, In The Choice Of Illustrative Examples, And Also In Sequencing Topics.Language Of The Text Is Simple Yet Motivating. The Large Number Of Worked Out Problems Are Intended To Familiarize The Students With Various Techniques Of Solving Them, And Instil Confidence In The Students In Preparation For Bigger Roles. The Topics Are Interdependent And Must Be Studied In The Same Order As Given In The Book.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125928454	Data Interpretation, Data Sufficiency & Reasoning (Aptitude Enhancing Guide), 1E	Career Launcher		Data Interpretation Is A Book That Provides Aspirants A More Exhaustive Study Of The Subject With A Focused Approach So As To Equip Them To Take On Any Kind Of Competitive Examination With Confidence.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125930860	India business yearbook, 2009	Career Launcher India Ltd		The Year 2008 Will Be Remembered As A Landmark In World Economy. What Started As Fears Of Overheating Towards The Beginning Of 2008 Cascaded Into A Full-Blown Economic Crisis By The Month Of September. A Major Global Financial Corporate Simply Got Erased From Existence, And Some Others Had To Be Rescued By The State In A Country Where Market Could Not Have Gone Wrong. In India Too The Stock Market Took A Nosedive Only A Few Months After The Jubilation At Crossing 20,000 Mark.How Does One Make Sense Of This Whirlwind Of Events? How Sound Is Indian Institutional Structure To Withstand The Storm? How Are Indian Companies Performing In The Various Sectors? The Yearbook Brings To You A Report Card Of The Country In Its Various Facets.In Unit 1 The Yearbook Describes The Budget, The 11Th Five-Year Plan, As Also Developments In Various Sectors Like Banking, Information Technology-Enabled Services (Ites) Etc. Unit 2 Traces The Origins Of Various Economic Institutions In The Country Like Monetary System, And Then Discusses Its Functioning In The Modern Era. Unit 3 Deals With World Economy, Major Groupings, Major Companies And Stock Markets. Unit 4 Carries The Who S Who Of Economy And Unit 5 Describes The Year That Was. This Edition Of India Business Yearbook, While Serving As A Reckoner For An Understanding Of The World Economic Order, Also Provides An Insight Into The Present-Day Economic Turmoil.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125928430	QUANTITATIVE ABILITY Aptitude Enhancing Guide for Competitive Examinations	Career Launcher		Quantitative Ability Is A Book That Provides Aspirants A More Exhaustive Study Of The Subject With A Focused Approach So As To Equip Them To Take On Any Kind Of Competitive Examination With Confidence.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125928447	Verbal Ability; Aptitude Enhancing Guide for Competitive Examinations	Career Launcher		Verbal Ability Is A Book That Provides Aspirants A More Exhaustive Study Of The Subject With A Focused Approach So As To Equip Them To Take On Any Kind Of Competitive Examination With Confidence.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706986082	Business Statistics	J S Chandan		Jit S Chandan Is A Professor Of Management In The Department Of Business Administration At Medgar Evers College, City University Of New York. He Previously Taught At New York Institute Of Technology And At Baruch College, City University Of New York In The Areas Of Management, Organizational Behaviour And Quantitative Methods. He Has Been Teaching At The College Level For The Last 37 Years. Dr Chandan Holds A Doctorate From Delhi University, Faculty Of Management, And Has Authored Many Textbooks And Published Many Articles In Professional Journals. Some Of His Books Published By Vikas Include Fundamentals Of Modern Management , Management: Theory And Practice , Business Statistics , Essentials Of Linear Programming , Statistics For Business And Economics , And Management: Concepts And Strategies .	2009	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706990300	Management Theory and Practice	J. S. Chandan		Jit S Chandan Is A Professor Of Management In The Department Of Business Administration At Medgar Evers College, City University Of New York. He Previously Taught At New York Institute Of Technology And At Baruch College, City University Of New York In The Areas Of Management, Organizational Behaviour And Quantitative Methods. He Has Been Teaching At The College Level For The Last 37 Years. Dr Chandan Holds A Doctorate From Delhi University, Faculty Of Management, And Has Authored Many Textbooks And Published Many Articles In Professional Journals. Some Of His Books Published By Vikas Include Fundamentals Of Modern Management , Management: Theory And Practice , Business Statistics , Essentials Of Linear Programming , Statistics For Business And Economics , And Management: Concepts And Strategies .	1999-02	Sangam Books Limited						BUS041000
9788125933120	The great Indian dream,restoring pride to a nation betrayed-	Malay Chaudhuri&Arindam Chaudhuri		On the economic transformation and development of India.	2009	Vikas Pub. House						ZZZ000000
9788125919070	Advanced Educational Psychology, 7E	S S Chauhan		Over The Years This Book Has Earned A Name For Itself Because Of The Completeness Of Coverage And Simplicity Of Presentation. All The Topics Have Been Dealt With In Great Detail And Depth.In The Revised Edition, New Thoughts In The Field Of Educationa	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						EDU009000
9788125931645	Freedom at Midnight	Dominique Lapierre&Dominique Lapierre & Larry Collins		First Published In 1975, This 2009 Edition Is A New Edition Of The Best-Selling Book Described As Irreplacable By Le Monde, Paris. The Defining Moments Of The End Of The British Raj, The Independence Of 400 Million People, Their Division Into India And The Newly Created Pakistan - Time Magazine Raised A Poetic Salutation To This Brilliantly Written Book, Hailing It As The Song Of India . . . Illuminated Like Scenes In A Pageant'.The Significance Of The New Edition Lies In Engaging The Minds Of Two Generations Born Into A Free Country, To Enable Them To Empathetically Understand The Aspirations And Goals That United Our Leaders Then Towards The Common Cause Of Freedom. The Significance Lies In Invoking The Re-Awakening Of The Indian Spirit. Surely It Is Time For The Over 1 Billion People In India To Ask Themselves Honestly What Their Contribution Has Been Thus Far Towards Realizing An India Free From Poverty, Illiteracy And Inequality.While Numerous Tomes Have Been Written On The Indian Freedom Struggle, The Popularity Of Freedom At Midnight Lies In Its Easy Narrative Flow Which Veers From The Thrilling To The Enlightening, Sometimes Poignant And Ever Compelling Style.	2009	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						HIS017000
9788125931256	Core Java For Beginners, 1E	BY - RASHMI KANTA DAS		Core Java For Beginners Has Been Written Keeping In Mind The Requirements Of B.Tech And Mca Students. This Book Is Also Of Interest To Anyone Who Is Willing To Explore The Fascinating World Of Java Programming And The Exciting Possibilities That It Offers. Highly Interactive In Nature, The Book Presents Various Topics So As To Facilitate An Easy Understanding Of Concepts. In A Sharply Converging World Where Information Is The Buzzword, Java Has Become Indispensable For Promoting A Richer Level Of Interactivity And Visualization.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125924005	Essentials Of Business Economics	Dr D N Dwivedi		There Has Been A Rapidly Growing Demand For Professional Managerial Manpower Over The Past Two Decades, As A Result Of Which Most Indian Universities And Management Institutes Had To Introduce Degree And Diploma Courses Right At The Undergraduate Level, With Business Economics As A Separate Paper. To Meet The Requirement Of The Students Who Take On Economics For Business For The First Time, The Subject Matter Needs To Be Within Their Comprehension Level That At The Same Time Lays A Strong Foundation. This Book Meets This Requirement By Presenting A Short, Simpler And Restructured Version Of The Author S Popular Book Managerial Economics. The Book Is As Per The Model Syllabus Of Business Economics Recommended By The Ugc For Bba Students, With Additional Topics For The Sake Of Completeness And To Cover The Syllabi Of A Large Number Of Universities. The Book Also Caters To Bbe, B Com, And Pgdbm Courses Run By The Indian Universities And Management Institutes. The Book Differs From The Author S Managerial Economics In Its Scope Of The Subject Matter And The Level Of Analytical Treatment, Inasmuch As Here Only The Microeconomic Aspects Of Managerial Economics Are Covered.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125916512	Principles Of Economics, 2E	D N Dwivedi		Principles Of Economics Is A Comprehensive Textbook For Undergraduate And Postgraduate Students. The Book Begins With A Simple Introduction To Economics As A Social Science, Moves On To Basic Economic Problems Of Individuals, Firms And The Society Focusin	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125919131	A Textbook Of Human Resource Management, 1E	R S Dwivedi		This Book Is Designed For Management Students Interested In The Conceptual Background And Content That Is Essential For Understanding The Relevant Issues In Human Resource Management (Hrm). It Emphasizes A General Management Approach To Hrm To Meet The Ch	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125930754	Cracking Admissions In Colleges Abroad 2E	Ankit Fadia And Aditya Singh		Applying To Colleges Abroad Can Be A Time-Consuming, Stressful, Confusing And Tedious Procedure. Steep Competition, Myths And Absence Of Accurate Information Are Common Problems Faced By Aspirants. Cracking Admissions In Colleges Abroad Is A One-Stop Destination For All Your Study Needs Abroad. Thoroughly Researched And Written By Two Highly Successful Young Professionals Who Faced The Trials And Tribulations Of The Exercise, The Book Presents Some Of The Best Practices, Tips And Techniques For Applying To Colleges In The Most Sought After Countries.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125918134	E-Mail Hacking	Ankit Fadia		Hacking e-mail accounts, stealing sensitive data, copying the address book, intercepting data, virus infections, attacks, spoofed messages, abusive e-mails, trojan attacks and espionage are some of the many concerns that have started affecting e-mail users worldwide. E-mails are also commonly being exploited by computer criminals to execute identity attacks on unsuspecting victims. What would you do if somebody broke into your e-mail account and stoleall your sensitive data? What would you do if somebody spoofed your identity and sent e-mails from your account? What would you do if you received abusive e-mails on your account? What would you do if someone broke into your email account and used it to transfer funds out of your bank account? Your e-mail account has become more dangerous than anyone ever imagined! Deriving data from actual research experiments, code analysis, case studies and consumer study, this book will open the reader's eyes to security threats, secrets and loopholes that until now were unnoticed.	2006-04-12	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125928676	Software Hacking	Ankit Fadia & Nishant Das Patnaik		Software Hacking, Authored By Two Computer Security Experts, Is The Answer To The Ongoing War Against Piracy That Threatens Individual Users, Corporates And Government Organizations. Protection Of Intellectual Property Rights Is A Key Issue In Today S Technology-Oriented World.This Book Is For Those Who Wish To Fight Crackers Those Who Break Encryption And Copy Protection Schemes. It Helps Software Developers To Further Strengthen Their Programs Against Being Broken Into By Exposing Them To Various Tools And Techniques That Ill-Intentioned People Use To Tear Even A Highly Protected Program Into Bits. It Provides Insight Into The Off-The-Shelf Programs Available In The Market And Assists Them To Select The Best.While Maintaining That It Does Not Make Practical Sense To Hide Such Books From The Lay Reader, The Authors Nevertheless Advise All Their Readers Not To Misuse The Knowledge Gained From The Book.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125914495	Event Marketing and Management	S S Gaur		This Remarkable Book Targets The Event Professional As Well As The Novice In Highlighting The Efforts Needed To Conduct An Event Of Any Nature. India-Centric, In Its Focus, The Book Also Has A Plethora Of International Examples Aimed At Providing An Indepth Understanding Of Events As A Strategic Communication Tool At The Generic Level.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125931263	Mergers, Acquisitions And Corporate Restructuring, 1E	By - PRASAD G. GODBOLE		Mergers, Acquisitions And Corporate Restructuring Aims To Give Its Readers A Concise Yet Comprehensive Coverage Of The Subject From All Angles Strategic, Legal, Accounting, Taxation, Fund Raising And Valuation A Treatment Which No Other Indian Book In The Market Has Accomplished So Far. The Book Not Only Caters To The Syllabi Of Mba Students Of Most Universities But Also Meets The Needs Of Ca, Cs And Icwa Students. Given Its Holistic Approach In The Discussion Of Various Issues, Both Students And Practitioners Would Find This Book Of Immense Practical Utility.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125914198	Strategic Financial Management	G. P. Jakhotiya		This book includes coverage and discussions on financial benchmarking, segmental strategies and their financial implications, strategic cost management, strategic aspects of business restructuring and valuation of brand-assets-human resources.	2003-11-01	Sangam Books Limited						ZZZ000000
9788125921585	Computer Programming - Theory & Practice, 1E	T Jeyapoovan		This Book Is Specifically Designed For First Year Engineering Students Covering The Basics Of Computers And Computer Programming. It Provides A Comprehensive Introduction To Computers And Programming Concepts Using C Language. The Topics Are Covered Sequentially And Blended With Examples To Enable Students Understand The Subject Effectively And Imbibe The Logical Thinking Required For Software Industry Applications.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125919117	A Course In Abstract Algebra, 3E	V K Khanna		Designed For Undergraduate And Post Graduate Students Of Mathematics, The Book Can Also Be Used By Those Preparing For Various Competitive Examinations. The Text Starts With A Brief Introduction To Results From Set Theory And Number Theory. It Then Goes O	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125925323	Object Oriented Programming With C++, 1E	Rohit Khurana		Object-Oriented Programming With C++ Provides An In-Depth Coverage Of Object-Oriented Principles And Concepts. Beginning With The Concepts Such As Encapsulation, Abstraction, Inheritance, Polymorphism, Message Passing And Dynamic Binding, The Book Moves On To Their Implementation Through C++. Besides This It Also Covers Some Advanced Topics Such As Templates, Exception Handling, Streams And Standard Template Library (Stl) In C++.The Book Meets The Requirements Of Students Enrolled In Various Courses At Undergraduate And Postgraduate Levels, Including Bca, Be, Btech, Bit, Bis, Bsc, Pgdca, Mca, Mit, Mis, Msc, And Various Doeacc Levels. It Is Also Useful To Software Developers Who Wish To Expand Their Knowledge In C++.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125933007	Business Legislation For Management, 1E	M C Kuchhal & Deepa Prakash		Written In Accordance Within The Ugc Model Curriculum For 'Business Legislation' Paper For Mba, This Book Presents The Subject Matter Tailor-Made To The Needs Of Management Students.Since Business Managers Are Not Supposed To Be Experts In All Or Any Of The Business Laws, But Should Be Sufficiently Aware Of Their Scope To Be Able To Operate Their Business Within The Confines, Needless Legal Details Have Been Avoided. The Book Approaches The Subject In A Simple And Logical Way So That Even A Student With No Legal Background Is Able To Understand It.The Book Is The Outcome Of The Authors Long Experience Of Teaching Business Law And Company Law To Students Pursuing Undergraduate And Postgraduate Courses. This In Fact Has Made It Possible To Teach Law Without The Use Of Legal Jargon; Thus Ensuring That Even The Most Complicated Provisions Of Various Legislations Are Explained In An Easily Comprehensible Manner.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125920625	Marketing Management	A. Kumar		Marketing Is A Way Of Doing Business. It Is All Pervasive, A Part Of Everyone S Job Description. Marketing Is An Expression Of A Company S Character, And Is A Responsibility That Necessarily Belongs To The Whole Company And Everyone In It.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125916055	DC Machines and Transformers	K.M. Kumar		Comprehensive, lucid and student-friendly in the true sense, DC Machines and Transformers adopts a self-study approach and is aimed at demystifying the subject for students who consider ?Electric Machines? too tough. This second edition has been thoroughly revised and includes a summary at the end of each chapter, many short and long answer questions taken from question papers of various universities? over the last 25 years.	2004-12-07	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						TEC007000
9788125927921	Right To Know (A Hands-On Guide To The Right To Information Act), 2E	K B Rai Prakash Kumar		The Right To Information Act Is A Very Powerful Tool To Bring Transparency And Usher In An Era Of Accountability. It Empowers People To Get Information, Records Etc. Of Government Authorities As A Matter Of Right. There Are Two Main Stakeholders In Provision Of Information, The Information Seeker I.E., Citizen And Information Provider I.E., Public Authorities Including Government Funded Ngos. This Book Caters To The Requirements Of Both. The Authors Have Brought In Their Experience Of Implementing The Delhi Right To Information Act In This Book. It Is A Good Manual For Pios/Apios, Appellate Authorities And The Public Authorities. It Also Contains All Help A Citizen May Require In Seeking Information Including: How To Apply, Where To Apply, How Much Fee Is To Be Paid. In Case Information Is Delayed Or Denied Or Is Believed To Be Incorrect Then Where And How To File Appeal.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125925927	O Jerusalem!	Dominique Lapierre & Larry Collins		First Published In 1978, This 2008 Edition Brings To The Limelight Again The Turmoil Of May 1948, When The British Left Palestine, And Blood And Fire Engulfed Jerusalem. The Israeli-Arab Conflict Had Begun And Continues To Hound The World Today, Impacting Other Nations And Worldwide Politics.	2009	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706988437	Is Paris Burning?, 1E	D Lapierre		Asked Hitler On August 25, 1944. How Paris Miraculously Escaped Hitler'S Death-Sentence Is Told In Bone-Chilling Detail In This Authentic, Meticulously Researched Account. August 19 - August 26, One Week Of Tension, Suspense And Valiant Resistance, And Then - Triumphant Victory. The Story Itself, With All Its Triumphs, Tragedies And Cross-Currents Is Breathtaking And Extraordinary Observer Thrilling...Put Together With The Skill Of Master-Craftsmen. The Documentation Is Superb. Evening Standard	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788182092457	Fundamentals Of Information Technology, 2E	Alexis Leon & Mathews Leon		The Second Edition Of The Book Fundamentals Of Information Technology Deals With It And Related Topics From Fundamentals To The Advanced. This New And Revised Edition Includes New Chapters On Rdbms & Sol, Modern Databases, Web Technologies And Web Design, Cryptography, Computer Security, Etc. It Also Includes New And Emerging Fields Of It Like Kdd, Al, Bl, Erp, Scm, Crm, Mobile Computing And Business On The Internet, Etc.Up-To-Date And Comprehensive, This Book Provides Information On It Resources, Computers, Communications Systems, Micro Electronics, Networks, Software, Data, People And So On. The Book Also Discusses The Advantages And Limitations Of The Various Technological Achievements To Enable Effective Use Of These Resources.	2009	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125911630	Business Policy and Strategic Management	S Lomash		This Book, Structured Around The Strategic Management Process Model, Focuses On Conceptual Understanding Of Process And Articulation Of Strategies. Uptodate And Well Researched, It Includes Many Case Studies, Numerous Exhibits And Boxed Highlights And Review Questions.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125923411	Problems & Solutions In Advanced Accountancy - Vol 2, 7E	S K Maheshwari S N Maheshwari		Any Book On Solved Problems Would Be Welcome By The Students As They Dread The Unsolved Problems The Most. Problems And Solutions In Advanced Accountancy-Vol. I And Ii Is The Result Of Realization Of The Same Fact. However, This Book Will Serve Its Purpose The Best If Before Referring To It The Students Have Attempted To Solve The Questions On Their Own.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125930921	Advanced Accountancy - Vol 2, 10E	By - S N Maheshwari & S K Maheshwari		Over The Years Advanced Accountancy Has Emerged As A Definitive And Comprehensive Textbook On Accountancy, As It Completely Meets The Requirement Of Students Preparing For B.Com., M.Com., Mba And Professional Examinations Conducted By Different Institutions, Such As The Institute Of Chartered Accountants Of India (Icai), The Indian Institute Of Bankers (Iib), The Institute Of Company Secretaries Of India (Icsi) And The Institute Of Cost & Works Accountants Of India (Icwai).The New Edition, Besides Maintaining The Plus Features Of The Ninth Edition, Viz., Simplicity Of Style, Exhaustive Text With Plenty Of Illustrative Material, Helpful Questions And Problems For Self-Study, Has Certain Additional Welcome Features.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125931294	Corporate Accounting	By - S N Maheshwari & S K Maheshwari		Corporate Accounting Is A Comprehensive Textbook On Accounting For Different Types Of Corporate Bodies In Tune With The Growing Importance And Accounting Complexities Of The Corporate Form Of Business Organization.The Book Is Divided Into Three Convenient Sections, Each Comprising Independent Chapters Dealing With A Particular Aspect Of Corporate Accounting. The Book Deals Exhaustively With The Course-Content Requirements Of Students Preparing For B.Com., M.Com., Mba And Other Professional Examinations.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125918523	Financial Accounting, 4E	S.N. Maheshwari&S.K. Maheshwari		Financial Accounting Provides A Comprehensive Coverage To Course Requirements Of Students Appearing In The Accounting Paper, Foundation Examination, Institute Of Chartered Accountants Of India And The Institute Of Company Secretaries Of India. It Also Mee	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125927990	Fundamentals Accounting for CPT	Maheshwari Sn & Maheshwari Sk		Accounting Is One Of The Core Sections At The Common Proficiency Test Of The Institute Of Chartered Accountants Of India (Icai). For The Benefit Of The Beginners The Text Has Been Kept So Simple That It Does Not Presuppose Any Prior Knowledge Of The Subject And Makes Learning A Painless Exercise. Since The Cpt Consists Mainly Of Objective Type Questions And Problems, More Such Questions Have Been Added In The Second Edition, Apart From Updating The Text With The Latest In The Subject. Also, A New Chapter Has Been Added On Basic Accounting Terms To Make Basics Clear. The Book Will Also Serve As A Refreshing Guide For Business Executives.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125916635	Total Quality Management - Principles And Practice, 1E	S K Mandal		Total Quality Management: Principles And Practice Is Divided Into Many Building Blocks To Facilitate Complete Understanding Of The Subject. The Overview At The End Of The Book Will Leave Readers With A Lasting Impression Of What It Takes To Make A Tqm Org	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125914273	Brand Management	Y.L.R. Moorthi		The Present Study Fulfils The Task Of Bridging The Gap Between Theoretical Aspects Of Brand Management And The Reality Of The Indian Market. This Compact Book Covers Five Essential Topics Including Brand Success, Brand Equity, Brand Extension, Brand Personality And Brand Repositioning.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706986853	A Textbook Of Botany - Vol 3, 1E	S.N. Pandey		Dr S N Pandey Has Been Teaching At Dav College, Kanpur Since 1966. He Has Published Several Research Papers In Various Journals. He Is Editor Of Research Journal Of Plant And Environment And Advances In Applied Phycology (2 Vols). Dr Pandey Has Co-Authored Plant Physiology, Practical Botany (3 Vols) And Advances In Botany (3 Vols). He Is General Secretary Of The International Society For Plant And Environment. He Has Attended International Conferences In Uk, Germany, France, Italy, Austria, Switzerland, Usa And Canada.	1998-11-16	Sangam Books Limited						ZZZ000000
9788125917151	A Textbook Of Botany - Vol 1, 11E	P S Trivedi S N Pandey&P S Trivedi S N Pandey&Pandey&S N & Trivedi&P S		A Textbook Of Botany Has Been Developed As A Multi-Volume Work To Meet The Needs Of Undergraduate Students. An Effort Has Also Been Made To Make It Useful To Honours And Postgraduate Students. First Published More Than Thirty Years Ago, The Current Editio	2009	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125918233	A Textbook Of Botany - Vol 2, 12E	W H O		A Textbook Of Botany Volume Ii Has Been Thoroughly Revised And Expanded To Provide An Up-To-Date Information For The Study Of Bryophtya, Pteridophyta, Gymnosperms And Palaeobotany, Incorporating The Ugc Model Curriculum, Keeping In Mind The Subject Break	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125915324	Consumer Behavior	M.S. Raju		This Book Adopts A Basic Approach Building Up From Consumer Behavior Fundamentals In A Logical Sequence To Enable The Reader To Understand And Utilize The Sciences Of Consumer Behavior. A Novel Feature Incorporated Is The Inclusion Of A Section At The End	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125901587	In The World Of Corporate Managers, 1E	S Rangnekar		This Book Is For Managers At All Levels - From Management Trainees To Managing Directors. Solutions To Common Problems Have Been Offered, Diverse Situations Have Been Examined And Ways To Tackle Them Have Been Succinctly Worked Out.The Book, Characterised By His Wit And Humour Accentuated By The Cartoons Of The Legendary R. K. Laxman, Is Eminently Readable By All Present And Potential Practitioners Of Management.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125926566	Management Accounting Principles and Practice	M A Sahaf		The Book Has Been Specifically Written For Business Students. It Not Only Teaches Principles, Procedures And Techniques Of Business Accounting That Are Required For The Collection, Analysis And Use Of Accounting Information But Also Attempts To Make The Reader Proficient In The Application Of Accounting Tools And Techniques For Managerial Decisions. A Distinctive Feature Of The Book Is That It Aims At Maintaining A Balance Between Conceptual And Practical Approaches To Accounting. Each Chapter Contains Numerous Questions And Problems Which Are Designed To Reinforce Concepts, Procedures And Techniques.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125920632	Digital Circuits and Design - Third Edition	Arivazhagan S Salivahanan		The Use Of Digital Circuits Is Increasing In All Disciplines Of Engineering. Consequently Students Need To Have An In-Depth Knowledge On Them. Digital Circuits And Design Is A Textbook Dealing With The Basics Of Digital Technology Including The Design Asp	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125914440	A First Course In Computers: 2003 Edition	S Saxena		This Book Offers An In Depth Study Of Computer Concepts And Step By Step Procedure In Explaining The Ms Office Package. A Separate Section Is Devoted To E Mails And Introduction To Web Design.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125928577	Introduction To Information Technology, 1E	Sanjay Saxena		This Book Is Designed To Teach The Basics Of Information Technology Specially To The Students Of Business Management. It Is Based On The Syllabuses Of Undergraduate Courses Of Many Indian Universities. It Is So Organized That One Can Learn A Great Deal Simply By Reading The Text Carefully And Following The Step-By-Step Instructions Given With It. One Does Not Need Any Previous Knowledge Of Computers - All That Is Needed Is Access To A Computer And Willingness To Learn.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125923442	Ms Office Xp For Everyone, 1E	Sanjay Saxena		Whether You Are A Student Learning Computers Or A Busy Professional Trying To Use Computers For More Efficient Working, This Book Will Help You In Understanding The Core Office Productivity Software. It Is Based On Microsoft Office Xp Professional And Covers Components Like:" Ms Word " Ms Excel " Ms Powerpoint " Ms Access " Ms OutlookThe Book Teaches The Basic Operations Of Ms Office And Explains The Uses And Working Of Each Package In A Simple And Easy To Grasp Manner. It Covers All The Key Functions Of Each Package, Gives You A Quick Start In Using Any Of Them, Along With Details Of The Menus, Commands, Toolbars And Icons. Thanks To Its Step-By-Step Approach, Sample Exercises And Vivid Illustrations, You Will Find Learning Not Only Easy, But Also Fun.As A Bonus, The Book Also Features An Overview Of Office 2007 Professional, Including New / Improved Features And Commands Of Different Packages.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125916079	Banking Theory And Practice, 19E	K C Shekhar		When Banking Theory And Practice Was First Published Nearly Half A Century Ago In 1961, It Was Primarily Tailor-Made To Suit The Needs Of Undergraduate Students. This Focus Still Remains, And Additionally The Numerous Revisions It Has Undergone Have Subst	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125931218	Spoken English: A Hand-On-Guide To English Conversation Practice, 3E	BY - M C SREEVALSAN		Spoken English Provides A Lot Of Material For Conversation Practice From Everyday Situations And Familiar Topics. It Includes A Variety Of Sentence Patterns And Helps The Learner Read And Repeat To Gain Fluency.The Third Edition Is Much Richer In Expressions And Dialogues On New Kinds Of Situations Besides Having The Regular Pronunciation Guide And Short Notes On Stress And Rhythm. It Now Provides Complete Material For Developing English Speaking Skills And Would Make The Reader More Comfortable, Confident And Fluent.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125918318	Industrial relations and labour laws	Suresh C. Srivastava		In The Recent Years There Have Been Significant Developments In Labour Laws And Industrial Relations. Both In The Legislative Sphere And In The Courts There Has Been A Marked Shift In The Approach To Industrial Relations Whereas Earlier The Interests Of T	2009-11-01	Vikas						ZZZ000000
9788125918455	Monetary Theory, 16E	M C Vaish		Monetary Theory Is A Comprehensive Textbook That Meets The Needs Of Students At The Honours And Post-Graduate Level. The Sixteenth Edition Has Been Thoroughly Revised And Updated. The Book Is Divided Into Five Parts Viz Money And Prices; Trade Cycle And S	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125928416	Business Mathematics, 2E	V. K. Khanna By - Qazi Zameeruddin&S. K. Bhambri		The Book Has Been Designed For The Students Of Commerce And Economics. It Covers A Vast Selection Of Topics Including Sets, Logic, Number System, Algebra (Both Classical And Modern), Geometry, Trigonometry, Matrices, Determinants, Linear Programming, Vectors, Calculus (Both Differential And Integral) Along With Applications To Commerce And Economics. It Is A Self Contained Book That Requires Only School Level Knowledge Of Mathematics.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9789380108186	A Laboratory Course for Programming with Java, 2/e	Dale		The active learning approach of Laboratory Course for Programming with Java, Second Edition engages students in the process of understanding and implementing programming language concepts. A perfect companion to any introductory Java Programming course, this manual provides 14 hands on laboratory activities, each of which contains Prelab, In-lab and Post Lab exercises. In each lesson students have the opportunity to apply their textbook knowledge, gain programming experience, and acquire meaningful understanding of language concepts. ISBN:9789380108186 162 Yr. of Pub.2010	2010	Jones and Bartlett Publishers						ZZZ000000
9789380108216	C++ Plus Data Structures, 4/E	Nell Dale		C++ Plus Data Structures, Fourth Edition explores the specifications, applications, and implementations of abstract data types with unmatched accessibility. Updated and reorganized, this edition provides intuitive explanations that clarify abstract concepts and approaches the study of data structures with emphasis on computer science theory and software engineering principles. Topics such as modularization, data encapsulation, information hiding, object-oriented decomposition, algorithm analysis, life-cycle software verification models, and data abstraction are carefully presented to foster solid software engineering techniques. In addition to real-world exercises and case studies that define Nell Dale s teaching philosophy, this Fourth Edition provides an increased emphasis on object-oriented design and an early introduction of object-oriented concepts.	2010-01-01	Jones and Bartlett Publishers						ZZZ000000
9789380108346	C Programming for Scientists and Engineers with Applications	Rama N. Reddy and Carol A. Ziegler		About the Book : - C is a favored and widely used programming language, particularly within the fields of science and engineering. C Programming Scientists and Engineers with Applications guides readers through the fundamental, as well as the advanced, concepts of the C programming language as it applies to solving engineering and scientific problems. Ideal for readers with no prior programming experience, this text provides numerous sample problems and their solutions in the areas of mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, heat transfer, fluid mechanics, physics, chemistry, and more.  It begins with a chapter focused on the basic terminology relating to hardware, software, and problem definition and solution. From there readers are quickly brought into the key elements of C and will be writing their own code upon completion of Chapter 2. Concepts are then gradually built upon, using a strong, structured approach with syntax and semantics presented in an easy-to understand sentence format. Readers will find C programming for Scientists and Engineers with Applications to be an engaging, user-friendly introduction to this popular language.  Key features include: Complete solutions with documentation, code, input, and output are included at the end of each chapter and have been thoroughly run and tested. Pointers and dynamic pointers are presented in depth with sample code and complete end-of chapter solutions. Input and output are presented in several ways, including standard input/output and file input/output. Provides an early introduction of modular programming concepts and functions. Instructor's resources include an instructor's manual with solutions to all review and end-of-chapter exercises.	2010	Jones and Bartlett Publishers						ZZZ000000
9781859962725	Bioinformatics	David R. Westhead&John Howard Parish&Richard M. Twyman		Instant Notes in Bioinformatics describes what is possible, and the strengths, limitations and potential pitfalls of methods and analyses. The book begins by describing data generation and databases. Following this it takes us to the newer bioinformatics problems associated with structures, expression, proteomics, interactions and pathways. The important areas in bioinformatics are covered to encourage easy learning and revision.	2002	BIOS						ZZZ000000
9788182810976	International Business	N.V. Badi		India is taking large steps in International Business since last two decades as never before. The subject is now introduced as core subject at post-graduate level courses in many Indian Universities. The book is prepared keeping in mind the post-graduate level of students of M.B.A., M.Com, and graduate level students.	2008-01-01	Vrinda Publications (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788182811089	Production & Operations Management (Text & Cases)	R.V.Badi&N.V.Badi		A comprehensive study of Production and Operations Management meant for both management theorists and practising managers.	2008-01-01	Vrinda Publications (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788182811119	Business Regulatory Framework	Bask&Surendranath		This book adopts fresh approach to the study of Mercantile and Company Law (Business Regulatory Framework), keeping in view the specific requirement of the students appearing for B.Com Pass & Hons. in Indian Universities, CA (Foundation), CS (Foundation) ICWA and MBA Examinations.	2008-01-01	Vrinda Publications (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788182810969	Business Environment	V. Neelamegam		This book is specially designed for B.Com., B.Com (CS)., B.B.A., B.Sc. (ISM)., M.Com., M.B.A. and other Management Students. The important topics included to improve the quality of the book are Business Ethics, Business Policy and Strategy, Finance Commission, Planning in India, Industrial Labour and Laws, Industrial Finance, Multinational Corporations, Monetary Policy, Fiscal Policy, Exim Policy, International Organisations, International Economic Groups, Economic Reforms in India and Foreign Investment.	2008-01-01	Vrinda Publications (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788177224566	S-Business: Reinventing the Services Organization	James Alexander & Mark Hordes		The book offers a comprehensive approach for decision makers in both product-based and service oriented businesses. It provides a proven approach that transforms a company from business-as-usual to business-as-exceptional .	2006-08-29	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788126518180	POWER SYSTEM CONTROL AND STABILITY, 2ND ED	P. M. Anderson&A A Fouad		This subject is taught at many universities and the original book is used by industry engineers. Many of these readers have indicated a keen interest in the long-awaited material that is the subject of the proposed new chapters. We believe that many owners of the present volume will want to purchase the new expanded book.Chapter 1: Power System Stability.Chapter 2: The Elementary Mathematical ModelChapter 3: System Response to Small DisturbancesChapter 4: The Synchronous MachineChapter 5: The Simulation of Synchronous MachinesChapter 6: Linear Models of the Synchronous MachineChapter 7: Excitation SystemsChapter 8: Effect of Excitation on StabilityChapter 9: Multimachine Systems with Constant Impedance LoadsChapter 10: Speed GoverningChapter 11: Steam Turbine Prime MoversChapter 12: Hydraulic Turbine Prime MoversChapter 13: Combustion Turbine and Combined-Cycle Power Plants	2008	Wiley-India						ZZZ000000
9788177221930	Visual Basic .Net Programming In Easy Steps	Tim Anderson		This title has all you need to know to become a Visual Basic programmer, from first steps to tips for experts, and including an introduction to object-oriented programming. It is packed with short examples, so that you can quickly put what you have learnt into practice with real working programs.The early chapters explain how to install Visual Basic and guide you through the various tools it provides for building applications. There s also an introduction to programming itself, showing how to create variables, perform calculations, and interact with the user. A chapter on object-oriented programming explains topics such as classes, objects, inheritance and encapsulation, so you can take full advantage of the power of Microsoft s .Net platform. Many applications use a database to store and update information, so there s a chapter on working with databases compatible with Microsoft Access, including how to display, update and report on database records. Another chapter covers Visual Basic and the Internet, explaining how to write scripts for web pages, and introducing Visual Basic web forms which let you create dynamic web pages that query databases or run programs. Finally, a valuable chapter of tips covers topics like writing high-quality code, reading and writing from files, drawing graphics, handling errors, and creating setup files for deploying your work on other computers.	2002-09-05	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177225723	Textbook Of Economics ( 6Th Ed.)	William Boyes&Michael Melvin		Direct and accessible writing, proven pedagogy, and through integration of global economic issues continue to be the central features of the book, while a strengthened and extended international perspective focuses on the implications of economic principles for business strategy in an era of global competition.Salient Features:International issues appear consistently throughout the text in examples that illustrate basic economic concepts.A stronger focus on the application of market theory to current, real-life issues-including the recent corporate accounting scandals-helps students to see the contents practical relevance, increasing their comprehension of key ideas.Global Business Insight boxes use thumbnail maps and examples from around the world to illustrate essential economic conceptsGreater coverage of macroeconomics with updated macroeconomic data.Chapter 19. Globalization, now provides in-depth coverage of this controversial phenomenon, including the arguments for and against globalization and how it has affected economic growth and poverty world wide.Chapter 31, Financial Markets: Institution and Recent Events, provides a detaile description of how the U.S stock and bond markets work, as well as their role in the global economy to reinforce the application of economic principles to business.Chapter 37, Exchange rates and financial links between countries, has been completely revised to discuss how countries are linked together through interest rates, exchange rates, and prices.Instructor s Resource Manual and PowerPoint slides facilitate an instructor s teaching with the book and help enliven his or her classes.	2004-12-13	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177224573	Keys To The Da Vinci Code: The Hidden Lineage Of Jesus And Other Mysteries	Lorenzo Fernandez & Mariano		The book brazenly delves deep into the history of Bible, the secrets of the Catholic Church and the foundational legends of Western European history.	2006-09-06	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788181285782	Pro Sharepoint 2003 Development Techniques	Nikander Bruggeman & Margriet Bruggeman		This book discusses the landscape of SharePoint 2003 development in 2006 and beyond, integrating all of the new technologies that have become mainstream.This book takes current technologies and applies them in a SharePoint context. This includes ASP.NET 2.0, the new version of SQL Server, and a matured InfoPath. Also covered are software factories, which are becoming popular, and Ajax-style web development, which is already popular.The book also addresses BizTalk Server 2006 with its built-in SharePoint support and landscape of developing workflow applications which will be changed forever with the upcoming Windows Workflow Foundation technology. You ll read about WWF and InfoPath integration with SharePoint 2003. And you ll learn how to develop BizTalk Server 2006 compatible workflows in SharePoint 2003. You ll also learn about domain-specific languages, guidance automation tools, and more.	2006	Dreamtech Press						COM061000
9788177224832	Sun Certified Security Administrator For Solaris	John Chirillo Edgar Danielyan		The only classroom-based training and self-assessment system! Osborne's Sun Certified System Administrator for Solaris 8 Study Guide provides 100% complete coverage of all official exam objectives for both exams. Based on 200,000+ hours of IT training exp	2005-08-12	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177227055	3DS Max in Simple Steps 2007 Edition	Dreamtech Press		The quickest and easiest way to learn 2D and 3D modeling, from basic concepts to modeling techniques, this book satisfies every reader's needs. The book covers fundamentals of 3Ds max, animation techniques and various drawing and designing tools. 3ds Max IN SIMPLE STEPS is the quickest and the easiest way to learn 2D and 3D modeling. From basic concepts to modeling techniques, this book satisfies every reader s need. The learning material of this book is prepared in an easy to understand language with lots of visual aids. Further, step-by-step explanation makes learning easy as well as interesting.	2007-01-01	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177227550	Global Marketing, 2009 Ed	Gillespie&Jeannet&Hennessey		The concise book covers the essential concepts of global marketing with the aid of extensive real -life examples and cases. The book offers balanced coverage of developed and developed markets, including insights into the often overlooked markets of Africa, Latin America, and the Middle East. It features comprehensive coverage of current topics based on the authors extensive research and consulting experience. An early introduction to culture and marketing prepares students to integrate cultural analysis throughout the course.	2009-01-07	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177221961	C Programming with Problem Solving	Jacqueline A. Jones&Keith Harrow		Jones and Harrow present programming concepts in the context of solving problems. Each chapter introduces a problem first, and then covers the C language elements needed to solve it. Students can see how a program is built from its simplest beginning to its final polished form. This book introduces beginning programming concepts using the C language. Each chapter introduces a problem to solve, and then covers the C language constructs necessary to solve the problem.Rather than presenting a series of polished, one-step solutions to programming problems, this text seeks to lead you through the process of analyzing problems and writing programs to solve them. This text is intended to be used in a one or two semester course covering introductory programming using C. No previous knowledge of mathematics or computer science is assumed, other than a familiarity with the mathematical notation used in a high-school algebra course.	2001-01-01	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788181285409	Beginning EJB 3 Application Development: From Novice to Professional	Raghu Kodali & Jonathan Wettherbee		Beginning EJB 3 Application Development takes readers through the details of the EJB 3.0 architecture, and shows how EJB can be used to develop powerful, standards-based backend business logic. With 12 years of combined EJB experience, the authors offer many practical insights into the entire EJB architecture and cover all areas of the EJB 3.0 specification	2006	Dreamtech Press						COM051280
9788181284686	Pro Ejb 3: Java Persistence Api	Mike Keith & Merrick Schincariol		This book details on all of the elements of the API. It explains the concepts and illustrates their usage by providing practical examples of how to apply them in your own applications. It begins with a quick tour of the API by creating a simple application in JavaSE environment. It then moves into the enterprise and provide an overview of the features in the EJB 3.0 and Java EE5 standards that apply to persistence in enterprise applications.	2006	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177223750	Human Resource Management: A Managerial Tool for Competitive Advantage Third Edition	Lawrence Kleiman		Each chapter contains exercises designed to keep students thinking about competitive advantage in a variety of scenarios, discussions and questions. Experimental exercises in which the user is asked to analyse a case study. Dozens of up-to-date cases with analysis and discussion as well as cases for additional student analysis. Policies and materials from well-known companies HR policy statements and practices, examples of commonly used forms and relevant laws and governmental regulations.	2003-01-01	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177222944	Php Programming For Windows And Linux In Easy Steps	Mike Mcgrath		PHP in Easy Steps shows you how to write web pages using PHP scripts, exchange of data between a web browser and a web server, both on Windows and Linux. This book is an introduction to the PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor (PHP) server-side scripting language using examples to demonstrate each step.		Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9781405163125	Guide to the world's top universities	John O'Leary&Nunzio Quacquarelli&Martin Ince		Based on the Times Higher - QS World University Rankings, this is the definitive guide to the top universities around the world. Includes rankings of the top 200 universities in the world, plus detailed profiles of the top 100 universities, including student assessments of what life is like at each university Offers a directory of over 500 of the best universities in the world along with their ranking position in each of the principal subject areas Presents reviews of the top ten study destination countries, with a detailed look at government grants and subsidies for overseas students, types of institution, entry requirements, cost of living, student life and much more Provides expert advice on how to choose and apply for the best course at the right university, and an overview of employment opportunities Gives detailed help and advice on study costs, financing and scholarships	2006	Quacquarelli Symonds Limited in association with Blackwell Publishing						ZZZ000000
9788177225266	Technical Report Writing Today (8Th Ed.) Biztantra	Riordan		The book provides thorough coverage of the technical writing basics, techniques, and applications students are likely to encounter in both their academic courses and their future careers. Its practical presentation of varied examples and exercises helps students internalize the skills necessary to produce clear and effective documents and reports. Salient Features : A practical orientation throughout the text makes the book immensely useful hands-on guide to how to go about technical writing. There is a full Part devoted to professional communication covering Letters and Job Application Materials. Annotated student examples--more than 100 in all--illustrate different writing styles and approaches to problems. A Chapter on Developing websites introduces students to the basics of effective website creation by presenting professional and student examples and references to current practices. Brief Handbook for Technical Writers provided as an Appendix covers problems with sentence construction, punctuation, abbreviations, capitalization, and numbers	2004-06-17	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177224313	Media Organization Management Second Edition	James Redmond		The book provides prospective and current media managers with considerable pertinent and useful information developed from rigorous academic research, court decisions, legislative actions, and the authors cumulative experience in mass media. Presented in a readable and interesting way, it helps students understand how to manage creatively in a challenging media environment.	2004-01-01	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177224863	Sun Certified Programmer For Java 5 Scjp (310-055)	Kathy Sierra&Bert Bates		Get the book that shows you not only what to study, but how to study. The only classroom-based integrated study system for professional certification gives you complete coverage of all objectives for the Sun Certified Programmer for Java 5 exam, hundreds of practice exam questions, and hands-on exercises. The CD-ROM features full practice exam software plus an adaptive test engine. Covers all exam 310-055 topics, including: Declarations and Access Control * Object Orientation * Assignment and Initialization * Operators * Flow Control, Exceptions, and Assertions * I/O, Formatting, and Parsing * Generics * Collections * Inner Classes * Threads * Java Development	2006-01-05	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177221817	Playing Life From Center Court	Arynne Simon		This book solves the problem we face when confronted with an emotionally upsetting behavior.It gives a good toning workout for our emotions when we tend to respond from gut rather than head.	2006-08-29	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788181289582	Illustrated C# 2008	Daniel Solis		Following an overview of the .NET platform and the role played by C#, you ll soon move into exploring the C# language in its entirety, including all the new C# 2008 features right down to the most complex topics involved in C#. If you re a C++ or VB programmer migrating to C# 2008, this book will be invaluable; the unique visual approach offers a far from lightweight treatment of C# 2008, so even the most experienced programmers will come away with a deeper understanding of the C# language.	2008	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177228533	Passion: The Untold Story of LG Electronics India	Dr. Yasho V Verma		This book is the first account in which reader is taken through the adventurous journey which LG Electronics India (LGEIL) made successfully replicating in India the Korean Parent s world renowned rigor for excellence after two aborted attempts. As a tribute to the globalization drive, the book covers how Korean and Indian cultural confluence was achieved. The author addresses how LGEIL rose to US $ 2.5 billion in annual turnover, crossing barriers and setting new standards of performance. The book covers how LG India came up trumps with an able leadership and spirit of enterprise along with recourse to empathetic and innovative HR policies (as a welfare organization) for its over 3,000 employees.	2007	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177221909	A Journey Into The Heroic Environment, 3Rd Ed	Rob Lebow		The book lays down that when people are respected and appreciated, they want to contribute even more, to rise to their true potential. It defines such an environment as heroic environment.	2006-09-06	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177224856	Rhce Exam Study Guide (4Th Ed.) W/Cd Exam Rh302	Michael Jang		100% Complete Coverage of all official objectives for exam RH302- Exam Readiness checklist at the front of the book you re ready for the exam when all objectives on the list are checked off- Real-World Exercises-Step-by-step instruction modeled after the hands-on RHCE exam questions- Inside the Exam sections highlight key exam topics covered and how to answer questions correctly- Simulated exam lab questions match the format, tone, topics, and difficulty of the real examMoney-saving tips explain how you can study for the exam without buying Red Hat Enterprise Linux	2004-05-08	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177222388	Hack Proofing Your Network Second Edition	Ryan Russel&Rain Forest Puppy&Effugas&et al		This book is intended to teach skills that will be useful for breaking into computers. In this book we re just going to cover the techniques rather than reasons. Every other chapter has been brought up to date, retooled for an attack focus, tightened up and generally improved. One major change in focus for this edition is that we ve quit trying to explain ourselves. A great deal of time and effort was spent in the first edition trying to explain why knowing how to hack was a good idea.	2002-01-01	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788171888016	Economic Development And Policy In India	Uma Kapila				Academic Foundation						ZZZ000000
9788171888177	OECD investment policy reviews, India, 2009	Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development&Academic Foundation (New Delhi&India)			2010	Published by arrangement with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development by Academic Foundation						ZZZ000000
9788187504382	Bedside Clinics in Surgery	M.L. Saha				Academic Publishers						ZZZ000000
9788185336008	Numerical algorithms,computations in science and engineering	E. V. Krishnamurthy&Syamal Kumar Sen			1986	Affliliated East-West Press						ZZZ000000
9788176565547	Test Your C++ Skills	Yashavant P. Kanetkar			2003-03-01	BPB Publications						ZZZ000000
9788176563581	Understanding Pointers	Kanetkar			2003-03-14	BPB Publications						ZZZ000000
9788176560634	Visual C++ Projects	Yashavant P. Kanetkar			2003-08-01	BPB Publications						ZZZ000000
9789812140449	Asp. Net with C#	Vijay Mukhi				Motilal (UK) Books of India						ZZZ000000
9788190573535	Business Standard India 2009	Business Standard			2009	Business Standard Books						ZZZ000000
9788190573597	Caste in a Different Mould: Understanding the Discrimination	Rajesh Shukla&Sunil Jain&Preeti Kakkar				Business Standard Books						ZZZ000000
9788190573580	Business Standard India 2010	Business Standard				Business Standard Books						ZZZ000000
9788123911557	Human Anatomy: Regional & Applied (Dissection & Clinical) 4e (in 3 Vols.) Vol. 1: Upper Limb & Thorax With CD	B.D. Chaurasia			2008	CBS Publishers & Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788123909271	Performance & Design of Direct Current Machines	Clayton; Hancock			2004-02-01	CBS Publishers & Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788123908106	Industrial Instrumentation	D.P. Eckman			2006-02-01	CBS Publishers & Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788123911717	Dictionary of Civil Engineering (PB)	D.N. Ghose			2004-02-01	CBS Publishers & Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788123908915	Automotive Mechanics, 2e	Heitner			2006-02-01	CBS Publishers & Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788123901473	Elementary Structural Design (In 3 Vols.) Vol. II : Concrete Structure	Krishnamurthy D.			2006-02-01	CBS Publishers & Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788123901626	Design Data Handbook (In SI and Metric Units)For Mechanical Engineers, 3e	Mahadevan			2008-02-01	CBS Publishers & Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788123915067	Advanced Foundation Engineering: Geotechnical Engineering Series (PB)	Murthy			2007-02-01	CBS Publishers & Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788123908793	Dictionary of Biology (PB)	F.W. Roberts			2002-02-01	CBS Publishers & Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788123912257	Advanced Reinforced Concrete Design (IS : 456-2000), 2e	Krishna Raju			2008-02-01	CBS Publishers & Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788123906256	Dictionary of Microbiology (PB)	J.L. Sharma			2006-02-01	CBS Publishers & Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788123902920	A Dictionary Of Science, 2nd Edition	Sharma			2003	Cbs						ZZZ000000
9788123912370	Manipal Manual of Surgery, 2e	Rajgopal K. Shenoy			2007-02-01	CBS Publishers & Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788123909431	Instrumental Methods of Analysis, 7e (PB)	Willard			1986-02-01	CBS Publishers & Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788185594705	Town Planning	Rangwala			2007	Charotar Publishing House Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780007268429	Collins Easy Learning Primary English Dictionary	Collins			2008-02-04	Collins						ZZZ000000
9788179931684	The Amazing Journey of a Brown Paper Bag	Agarwal				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179931691	The Amazing Journey of a Glass Marble	Agarwal				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179931660	The Amazing Journey of a Soda Can	Agarwal				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179931714	The Amazing Journey of a Wood Pencil	Agarwal				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179931431	Future Power: Green Gadget Guide	Agarwal Tanya Luther				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179931448	Reduce Reuse Recycle	Agarwal Tanya Luther				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179932131	Hydrogen Power	Ahmad Arshi				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179932155	That's How Things Happen: The Magical Mysteries of Nature	Ahmad Arshi				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179932162	That's How Things Work: The Marvel of Modern Technology	Ahmad Arshi				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131701041	Data Networks,2/e	Dimitri Bertsekas&Robert Gallager				Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131711361	Critical Testing Processes: Plan, Prepare, Perform, Perfect	Black				Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131715949	CompTIA A+ Exam Cram (Exams 220-602, 220-603, 220-604)	Charles J. Brooks			2008	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9780563520351	Speed reading	Tony Buzan		Imagine being able to read and understand what follows in less than 3 seconds. Well, It's possible, and could be a reality after you've finished Buzan Bites: Speed Reading. Learn the basic techniques to read and comprehend at a rate of over 1,000 words per minute. Just imagine the time you'd save, as well as the ability to think faster and be more creative. It's fun too.	2006-07-21	BBC Active						ZZZ000000
9788131711309	Supply Chain Management, 3/e	Chopra				Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788129710222	Ccnp 4: Networking Troubleshooting: Lab Companion	Cisco				Pearson Education (singapore) Pte Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788177589542	International Management: Managing Across Borders and Cultures, 5/e	Helen Deresky			2006	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131728222	Differential Equations and Boundary Value Problems: Computing and Modeling, 3/e	Edwards				Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131717240	Strategy and the Business Landscape, 2/e	Ghemawat				Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788129709301	Choose What Works: The Proven Secrets To Professional Greatness	Goldman				Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131709481	Modern Database Management	Hoffer&Mary B. Prescott&Fred R. McFadden				Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131709993	CCNP BCMSN Official Exam Certification Guide	David Hucaby				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131704332	Mansfield Park	Austen				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179932025	101 Facts: Renewable Energy	Aparajita Kashyap				Pearson Education(singapore) Pte. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788179932087	101 Questions & Ansers Spellbinding Space, 1/e	Kemaya Kidwai				Pearson Education(singapore) Pte. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131715475	Principles of Marketing,12/e	Kotler				Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131721445	Understanding Digital Signal Processing	Lyons Richard G.				Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788129709295	Starting Something: An Entrepreneurs Tale Of Control, Confrontation Corporate Culture	Mcvicker				Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9780273709305	Managing	Henry Mintzberg			2009	Trans-Atlantic Pubns						ZZZ000000
9788179931745	Water: The Big Splash!	Mukherjee				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179931776	Earth: The Blue Marvel!	Nainwal				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179932094	Solar Power	Nongpluh Yoofisaca Syngkon				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788177586947	Ccna Introduction	Odom				N/A						ZZZ000000
9788131711606	Nightly Business Report Presents Lasting Leadership: What You Can Learn from the Top 25 Business People of Our Times (PB)	Pandya				Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788179931783	Terra: Tremor: Volcanoe Earthguake Tsunami	Puri Reena I				Pearson Education(singapore) Pte. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788179931837	101 Facts: Earthshaking Natural Disasters	Puri Reena I				Pearson Education(singapore) Pte. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788177589993	Consumer Behavior	Schiffman				Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131706633	Developing E-Commerce Sites (with CD)	Sharma				Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788179931974	101 Facts: Natural World	Sah Snigdha				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179932049	Green Genius's 101 Q and A: Global Warming	Sah Snigdha				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179931813	Water Wild: Droughts and Floods	Sen Benita				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179931455	SOS: In Extreme Danger	Sen Benita				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179931998	101 Facts: Natural Disasters	Sengupta Chandni				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179932018	101 Facts: Saving the Earth	Sengupta Chandni				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179932124	Future Power, Future Energy : Bioenergy	Roshni Sengupta				Pearson Education(singapore) Pte. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788179932148	Nuclear Energy	Shankar Ambika				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179931608	What are Ecosystems, Biomes, Ecotones and more...	Sharma				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179931592	What are Volcanoes, Earthquake, Avalanches and more...	Sharma				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179931240	What are Wind Power, Solar Power, Hydropower and more...	Sharma				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179931950	Life in the Amphibian World	Sharma Shruti				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179932186	That's How Mysterious Events Occur: The Mind-Boggling Natural Phenomena	Shipurkar Rekha				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131703212	Television Field Production and Reporting, 4/e	Shook				Pearson Education						PER010000
9788178083735	Digital communications,fundamentals and applications	Bernard Sklar			2001	Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131700310	Medicinal Chemistry	Sriram				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179932179	That's How Things Began: The Inventions that Changed Our World	Subramanian R P				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788179931967	Life in the Plant Kingdom	Sharma Shruti				Pearson Education India						ZZZ000000
9788131713310	A Guide to Expert Systems	Waterman Donald A.				Pearson Education						ZZZ000000
9788131702185	Presenting to win,the art of telling your story	Jerry Weissman			2006	Prentice Hall						ZZZ000000
9780321507075	PhysioEx 7.0 for A&P,laboratory simulations in physiology	Peter Z. Zao			2008	Pearson Benjamin Cummings						ZZZ000000
9788131201350	Hardware And Computer Organization (With Dvd)	Arnold S.Berger			2005	Elsevier (A Divisionof Reed Elsevier India Pvt. Ltd.)						ZZZ000000
9788131201534	8051 Microcontrollers: An Application Based Introduction	Celkos			2009	Elsevier (A Divisionof Reed Elsevier India Pvt. Ltd.)						ZZZ000000
9788181471895	Parallel Computer Architecture: A Hardware/Software Approach	Culler			2010	Elsevier (A Divisionof Reed Elsevier India Pvt. Ltd.)						ZZZ000000
9788131200025	Introduction To Biomedical Engineering, 2E	Enderle			2005	Elsevier (A Divisionof Reed Elsevier India Pvt. Ltd.)						ZZZ000000
9788131201916	A mathematical introduction to logic	Herbert B. Enderton			2006	Elsevier India						ZZZ000000
9788181476197	Computer Systems Performance, Evaluation And Prediction	Fortier			2009	Elsevier (A Divisionof Reed Elsevier India Pvt. Ltd.)						ZZZ000000
9788181478849	Knowledge Management Tools And Techniques-Practitioners And Experts Evaluate Km Solutions	Madan Mohan Rao			2005-01-01	Elsevier (A Divisionof Reed Elsevier India Pvt. Ltd.)						ZZZ000000
9788131214336	Managing Employee Retention-A Strategic Accountability Approach	Phillips			2008-01-01	Elsevier (A Divisionof Reed Elsevier India Pvt. Ltd.)						ZZZ000000
9788131201145	Mathematical Programming-Theory And Methods	Sinha			2006	Elsevier (A Divisionof Reed Elsevier India Pvt. Ltd.)						ZZZ000000
9788131213407	The Employment Relationship-Key Challenges For Hr	Sparrow			2008-01-01	Elsevier (A Divisionof Reed Elsevier India Pvt. Ltd.)						ZZZ000000
9788131217160	Managing People, 3E	Rosemary Thomson			2008	Elsevier (A Divisionof Reed Elsevier India Pvt. Ltd.)						ZZZ000000
9788131200506	Data Mining: Practical Machine Learning Tools And Techniques, 2E	Ian H.Witten&Eibe Frank			2009	Elsevier (A Divisionof Reed Elsevier India Pvt. Ltd.)						ZZZ000000
9788174464743	Organisation Behaviour	P.G. Aquinas		Structure of the Book: The structure is logical and easy to use. The book begins with an introductory section (Part I) which describes and illustrates the Foundations of Organizational Behaviour. The book next discusses, in Part II, Individual Processes and Behaviour. It then moves, in Part III, to examine the interactions among individuals in Group Behaviour. Part IV discusses The Organization System and, finally, in Part V, the book presents Organizational Dynamics.Numerous up-to-date examples: Because many students have limited exposure to real organizations, the book contains recent examples from a broad spectrum of organizations to illustrate the major concepts and to help students apply the knowledge.Some Distinctive Pedagogical Features: Organizational Behaviour offers a number of distinctive, time tested and interesting features for students as well as new and innovative features. These features should facilitate the students' acquisition and retention of the material.v Learning objectives focus student attention on upcoming chapter content and show what happens to the manager or organization.v Cases at the end of the chapter provide students an opportunity to apply their knowledge in making managerial decisions and recommendations.v Numerous review and discussion questions follow each chapter. These questions are designed to enhance student learning and interest.	2009-01-01	Excel Books						ZZZ000000
9788175155213	Barron's How To Prepare For Sat 23rd Edition	Sharon Weiner Green				Galgotia Publications						ZZZ000000
9788175152465	Construction Planning And Management	Shrivastava				Galgotia Publications						ZZZ000000
9788189866907	Thermal Metal Cutting Processes	Ranganath		In order to meet the challenges of manufacturing sophisticated components in modern space, transport, nuclear, electronic and computer technology applications many newer manufacturing methods have been developed. Among such processes, metal cutting processes using thermal energy for their working play an important role in modern manufacturing, especially in the metal cutting industries. Such thermal metal cutting processes need a good understanding of physics, mathematics, material science, thermal and fluid science, computers and computational techniques.The basic principles of different thermal cutting processes are discussed with enough depth and breadth. These principles are supplimented with engineering and technology of working, equipment and applications. The analysis of a cutting process with multiple process variables is complicated and reliable optimizing techniques are essential for its useful application. Useful techniques like Artificial Neular Network, multivariant regression analysis, ED  A and SEM methods are illustrated for better understanding of the intricacies of these processes.The book is targeted for students, researchers, practicing engineers and professionals in metal cutting industry.	2008	I.K. International Publishing House Pvt. Ltd.						TEC009070
9780470047125	Trump University Entrepreneurship 101,How to Turn Your Idea Into a Money Machine	Michael E. Gordon&Donald J. Trump		This book is written for future entrepreneurs, eager to live the entrepreneurial experience; for present entrepreneurs seeking more rapid, sustainable, profitable growth; and for employees whose on-the-job performance and satisfaction will increase dramatically through entrepreneurial empowerment. The book has three objectives: 1) to energize readers to take courageous, thoughtful steps forward to your entrepreneurial goal; 2) to demystify the entrepreneurial process from idea to start-up to growth; 3) to improve ther chances of success as your venture experiences growing pains. Unique and original visual models, case studies, downloadable worksheets, war stories from Donald Trump himself, and pep talks are used extensively. Each chapter concludes with a pep talk and specific action items which will urge you, step by exhilarating step, towards your life vision.  Author Information:  Michael E. Gordon has had a diverse professional career in areas of science, entrepreneurship and education. He received a PhD from the Massachusetts Institute o f Technology. After twelve years in corporate research and senior management, he pursued an entrepreneurial career. One of the companies he founded was sold to a public British company.  Mike is the founder and president of The Center for Competitive Success, a consulting firm that coaches and trains executives and senior managers on entrepreneurial leadership, global corporate entrepreneurship, corporate revitalization, and strategies for competitive advantage. He is an adjunct professor at Babson College, the Harvard University Extension School and the International School of Management in Paris, as well as a faculty member of Trump University.	2007-01-02	John Wiley and Sons						ZZZ000000
9780470037409	Frommer's Portable London 2007	Darwin Porter&Danforth Prince		Frommer's Portable Guides offer all the detailed information and insider advice of a Frommer's Complete Guide but in a concise, pocket-sized format. Perfect for the short-term traveler who insists on value and doesn't want to wade through or carry a full-size guidebook, this series selects the very best choices in all price categories and takes you straight to the top sights. Get the latest on hotels, restaurants, sightseeing, sports, shopping, and nightlife in a nutshell in these lightweight, inexpensive guides.  Frommer's Portable London 2007 gives you all the most important information and reviews from Frommer's London 2007. We'll show you the city's best, including the world-class theaters and pub scene. You'll get insider tips on shopping on Oxford Street, enjoying an afternoon tea at the Ritz, rowing on the Serpentine Lake in Hyde Park, and dining on pheasant at Rules, possibly the city's oldest restaurant.  You'll find candid reviews of a huge selection of accommodations in all price ranges, from chic boutique hotels to homey B&&Bs. It's all accompanied bydetailedmaps, the latest trip-planning advice on everything from bargain airfares to rail passes, money-saving tips, and a complete shopper's guide.	2006-11-20	John Wiley and Sons						ZZZ000000
9788131805008	Advance Communication Lab Manual	Dr. Preeta Sharan			2009	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131803066	Professional Ethics and Human Values	A. Alavudeen&R. Kalil Rahman&M. Jayakumaran			2008	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788170080411	Golden Co-ordinate Geometry	N. P. Bali			2008	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131804841	Golden Integral Calculus	N. P. Bali			2008	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						MAT000000
9788131802847	A Textbook of B.Pharmaceutical Mathematics (Remedial Mathematics Vol.I)	N.P. Bali&P.N. Gupta&C.P. Gandhi			2007	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131804056	A Textbook of Pharmaceutical Mathematics Vol.-II	N.P. Bali&P.N. Gupta&C.P. Gandhi			2008	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131806616	A Textbook Of Fluid Mechanics And Hydraulic Machines	R. K. Bansal			2005	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131804094	A Text Book of Engineering Mechanics	Dr. R.K. Bansal			2008-01-01	Laxmi Publications						ZZZ000000
9788131800959	Solid and Fluid Mechanics	Dr. R.K. Bansal			2007-01-01	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131804346	Analog and Digital Electronics	Bhupesh Bhatia&Sunil Paliwal&Balvir Singh&Navneet Sharma			2008	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131803288	Environmental Studies	B. S. Chauhan			2008	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131806197	Network and System	D.C. Dhubkarya			2007-01-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131806593	Excel with Information and Communications Technology	J. B. Dixit&Saurabh Gupta			2010	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131804872	Fundamentals of Computers & Programming in C	J.B. Dixit			2004-01-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131806333	Structured System Analysis and Design	J. B. Dixit&Raj Kumar			2007	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131805961	Wastewater Engineering	Dr. B.C. Punmia&Arun Kumar Jain&Ashok Kumar Jain			1998-01-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131804087	Structural Analysis Volume-II (Hard Bound)	Dr. R. Vaidyanathan&Dr. P. Perumal			2008-01-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9789380386331	Computer Aided Manufacturing	C. Elanchezhian&T. Sunder Selwyn&G. Shanmuga Sundar			2007-05-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131806401	Basic Electronics	Rakesh Kumar Garg&Ashish Dixit&Pavan Yadav			2009	LaxmiPublications						ZZZ000000
9788131803622	Computer Based Numerical & Statistical Techniques	M. Goyal			2008	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788170084693	Keeping Ahead Using Linux Kernel Version 2.0 to 2.2	Bruno Guerin			2007-01-01	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131805923	Industrial automation and robotics	A. K. Gupta&S. K. Arora			2009	University Science Press						ZZZ000000
9788131802434	Data Structure Using C	Prabhakar Gupta&Vineet Agarwal&Manish Varshney			2007	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131803721	Communication Skills and Functional Grammar	Sadhana Gupta			2008	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131803523	Discrete Mathematics and Structures (Hard Bound)	Satinder Bal Gupta			2008	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131805572	Computer Science Question Bank	Saurabh Gupta			2009	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131803516	Mechatronics	Ganesh S. Hedge			2008	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9789380298139	Artificial Intelligence A System Approach	M. Tim Jones			2010	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131806272	Management Concepts for Civil Engineers	K. Anbuvelan			2005-05-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788170088332	A Text Book of Machine Design	Rajendra Karwa			2002	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9789380386089	Engineering Physics - I (U.P. Technical University, Lucknow)	Dr. A.K. Katiyar&Narinder Kumar			2010	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131806135	Engineering Heat and Mass Transfer	Mahesh M. Rathore			2006-01-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131804407	Multimedia Application and Web Designing	Dinesh Maidasani			2008	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131800393	C++ and Introduction to C#	Malhotra			2007-01-01	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131806944	Project Management	Prof. Abdul Matheen			2009-01-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131806845	Computer Fundamentals & Information Technology (Hindi Medium)	Mohit Mathur			2009-11-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131803011	Industrial Economics and Management Principles	Dr. Rajan Mishra			2008-01-01	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788170080916	Waste Water Engineering	Dr. B.C. Punmia&Ashok Kumar Jain&Arun Kr. Jain			1998-01-01	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131800942	Reinforced concrete structures (R.C.C. Designs)	B. C. Punmia&Arun Kr. Jain			2006	Laxmi Publications						ZZZ000000
9788170088257	Surveying Vol. III (Higher Surveying)	Punimia&Ashok Kumar Jain			2006-01-01	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131804902	Circuit Analysis	K. Padmanabhan&P. Swaminathan			2008-01-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131801994	Engineering Chemistry	Dr. A.K. Pahari&Dr. B.S. Chauhan			2007-01-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131805633	Mathematical Foundation of Computer Science	Dr. J. Rajendra Prasad&T. Rama Rao&A. Madana Mohana Rao			2009	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131807637	Irrigation and Water Power Engineering	Dr. B. C. Punmia&Dr. Pande Brij Basi Lal&Ashok Kumar Jain&Arun Kumar Jain			2009	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131802410	Limit State Design of Reinforced Concrete	B. C. Punmia&Arun Kumar Jain&Arun Kr. Jain&Ashok Kr. Jain			2007	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131806463	Mechanics of Materials	Dr. B.C. Punmia&Ashok Kumar Jain&Arun Kumar Jain			2001-05-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788170087915	Soil Mechanics and Foundations	Dr. B.C. Punmia&Ashok Kumar Jain&B.C. Punmia&Arun Kr. Jain			2005	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131807033	Water Supply Engineering	Dr. B. C. Punmia&Arun Kumar Jain&Arun Kr. Jain			1995-01-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131804469	Electrical Machines	Er. R.K. Rajput			2008-01-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788170082224	Alternating Current Machines	Rajput			2002-01-01	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131805831	Applied Thermodynamics	R. K. Rajput			2009	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131806029	Elements of Mechanical Engineering	R.K. Rajput			2005-01-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131800584	A Textbook of Engineering Thermodynamics	R.K. Rajput			2010	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131802441	A textbook of manufacturing technology,(manufacturing processes)	R.K. Rajput			2007	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131802557	A Text Book of Power Plant Engineering	R. K. Rajput			2008-01-01	Laxmi						ZZZ000000
9788131806142	Workshop Practice	R.K. Rajput			2009	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131806500	Advanced Microprocessors and Microcontrollers	Prof. S. K. Venkata Ram			2002-01-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9789380386553	Illuminating Engineering (Hard Bound)	Kamlesh Roy			2006	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131802427	Optical Communications	K.V.S.S.S.S. Sairam			2007	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131805206	Electronic Devices and Circuit	Sachin S. Sharma			2009	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131803509	Power Electronics	Sachin S. Sharma			2008	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131802458	Analog Electronics	Balwinder Singh&Ashish Dixit			2007	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9789380386300	Basic Electronics Engineering & Devices	Dr. R.K. Singh&Ashish Dixit			2007-05-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131806340	Microprocessor 8085 Lab Manual	Swamy			2006-01-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131803448	Elements of Civil Engineering	H.C.M. Swamy			2008-01-01	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131804162	Integrated Grammar for Beginners	K.D. Upadhyaya&R.C. Dahiya			2008	Laxmi Publications, Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788131807811	Structural Analysis	Dr. R. Vaidyanathan&Dr. P. Perumal			2007-05-01	Laxmi Publications Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788131803578	A Textbook of Engineering Material and Metallurgy	Amandeep Singh Wadhwa&Er. Harvinder Singh Dhaliwal			2008	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131803196	Analog Communication System	Abhishek Yadav			2008	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9788131803561	Microprocessor 8085, 8086	Abhishek Yadav			2008	Firewall Media						ZZZ000000
9780333902622	A Glossary Of Literary Terms 3Rd/Ed.	M H Abrams		Alphabetically arranged and followed by an index of terms at the end, this handy reference of literary terms is bound to be of invaluable assistance to any student of English literature.	2000	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230633896	Advertising and marketing in rural India	Tej K. Bhatia		Economic liberalisation, globalisation and growing economic power have led to the development of rural India in the past two decades. This book explores the various facets of rural media and integrated marketing communication. In order to meet the formidable challenges of reaching 638,365 villages, Indian advertisers have mastered the art of the video-van form/technology and the art of crafting messages customised to meet rural tastes and sensibilities. The revised edition follows a bottom-up approach and presents case studies of rural markets (hts), advertising media discourse and unique features of Indian rural advertising. Facts, figures, tables and analyses have been updated and new developments and approaches to the study of advertising and marketing have been added. Both conventional and non-conventional media forms are accounted for in order to provide a holistic and systematic perspective on rural advertising and marketing media. Interviews with rural consumers and m	2007	Macmillan India						ZZZ000000
9780230638075	English For Competitive Examinations 3rd Edition	Bhatnagar R P				Macmillan India Limited						ZZZ000000
9781403931139	Fundamentals Of International Banking	Rupnarayan Bose		The book introduces the reader to the exciting and challenging world of international banking from the basics to the more advanced concepts in foreign exchange business. Each concept has been introduced in a lucid manner supplemented by illustrations and easy-to-understand examples. The book provides a distinctive blend of theory and practice, the theoretical aspects being supplemented by and illustrated through their practical applications. This book also acquaints the reader with several essential but rarely discussed areas of international banking and provides unique perspectives relating to supposedly familiar topics. Indeed, this book is a must-read for everyone having anything to do with international banking and foreign exchange business. Salient Features  The book outlines the evolution of the international finance scenario, operational aspects and policy issues of international banking, foreign exchange and risk management as well as instruments of international finance	2007	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230632844	Critical Choices That Change Lives How Hero'S Turn Tragedy Into Triumph	Daniel R Castro		People who overcome extreme obstacles tend to follow a similar pattern. The pattern is both observable and explainable. They have left us a trail of breadcrumbs to follow. Dan Castro calls it The Hero's Path. Walk with Dan down The Hero's path and pick up a few of those breadcrumbs and put them in your pocket. Better yet, share them with others you meet along the way! This Book Explains:  The patterns that heros have followed for thousands of years to turn tragedy into triumph.  Why the DECISION BEHIND THE DECISION is the most important decision you will ever make.  The SEVEN LAWS OF CRITICAL FOCUS, which are the seven natural laws that govern what you focus on, what you belive and what you expect from life.  The three critical choices that turn ordinary people into heroes.	2007	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230009486	Listening and speaking skills	Barry Cusack&Sam McCarter			2007	Macmillan Education						ZZZ000000
9781403926661	Risk Management (For Caiib Examinations)	Iibf		Risk management has assumed paramount importance amongst banks in order to protect them against the adverse effects of uncertainty caused by fluctuations in interest rates, exchange rates, etc. The advent of new financial instruments in the Indian banking market has added a new dimension to the identification, measurement, management and mitigation of risks. This book explains the fundamental concepts that underpin financial risk management and asset liability management. It provides an in-depth look at many aspects of financial risks including market, credit, liquidity and operational risks. The book also has modules on capital management in the light of Basel II and profitability strategies to improve the bottom line of banks.	2005	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230328242	An Introduction To Microprocessors And Applications	Krishna Kant		An Introduction to Microprocessor and Applications introduces workings of the microprocessor, its applications, and programming in assembler and high-level languages. Practical work and knowledge-check questions contribute to building a thorough understanding with a practical focus. The book concludes with a step-by-step walk through a project based on the PIC microcontroller. The book also includes detailed discussion of: "Parts of the computer and microprocessor "Programming fundamentals (arithmetic instructions, memory accesses, control flow instructions, and data types) "Intermediate and advanced microprocessor concepts (branch prediction and speculative execution) "Intermediate and advanced computing concepts (instruction set architectures, RISC and CISC, the memory hierarchy, and encoding and decoding machine language instructions) The text is expressed in a very easy and lucid manner, with excellent continuity between each subsequent part. The different data tra	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230328785	Security Analysis and Portfolio Management	Dhanesh Kumar Khatri		Security Analysis and Portfolio Management discusses the concepts, models and case studies on investment management, security analysis and portfolio management in a practical and reader-friendly manner. The text book provides deep insight into the subject matter of investment management - financial markets, investment avenues, functioning of stock market and depository system and valuation of securities and others. Topics such as fundamental analysis, technical analysis and random walk hypothesis have been discussed with the help of case studies, using real-life share prices and index values. The book talks in detail about derivatives (options, futures, forward, swap and others), Modern Portfolio Theory, Markowitz Portfolio Theory, Sharpe's Single Index Model, CAPM, APT, Mutual Funds and performance evaluation of managed portfolios by using the approach given by Sharpe Treynor and Jenson.	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9781903845837	Awaken your senses, change your life	Nicky Kinnaird			2002-10-11	Quadrille						ZZZ000000
9780230638938	Economic Botany In The Tropics 3Rd/Ed.	Kochhar		This highly acclaimed text is aimed at students pursuing diploma, degree and post-graduation in Agriculture, Horticulture and Botany. It can be used both as a main text and a major reference work. It will also be of interest to food scientists, nutritionists and pharmacologists. Over the last decade or so, a paradigm shift in environmental issues has been witnessed, which necessitates addressing issues like human s social and economic systems, and biodiversity. Keeping these issues in mind, this thoroughly revised edition includes new chapters on 'Plant introduction activities', 'Plant diversity and its conservation', Petrocrops' and 'Ethnobotany' among others. Also, some line diagrams have been recast to make them more informative. Shrubs, climbers, exotics, and annuals (both summer and winter), mainly grown in our gardens, have been concisely covered for the benefit of students and scholars of Botany, Horticulture and garden enthusiasts.	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230630154	Management Accounting : Concepts & Applications	Kothari		Management accounting has regained its importance due to changes in economic and business environment. The basic nature of the subject has changed from complacent, descriptive and lengthy to competitive, analytical and brief . Gone are the days when readers were expected to go through lengthy and irrelevant, boring and stuffing pieces of information on the subject. Today, because of the time and resource constraints together with increased work pressure, readers expect precise, to the point and relevant information. Keeping these points in mind, the book has been written in a most reader-friendly manner and is supplemented with adequate number of numericals and solved examples. Salient Features  Deals with management accounting from a contemporary perspective the concepts and applications are simplified, lucid and redefined.  Discusses basic concepts and makes management accounting so simple that a lay person may also become interested.  A perfect blending of numerical and solved exercises.  Reader-friendly approach adopted to make readers understand and develop skills to analyse and interpret financial information for their benefits.  Significantly different from other titles on concept and presentation of Management Accounting displays perfect blending between theory and practice.	2006-01-01	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230638433	Developing Communication Skills Developing Communication Skills	Mohan				Macmillan Publishers India						ZZZ000000
9780230639959	Issues In Twentieth-Century World History	Sneh Mahajan		The twentieth century was the most extraordinary era in human history. It can be described as the most populated, most inventive, most communicative and most murderous century. It saw colossal events like the two World Wars, the rise of Fascism, the Great Depression, the strengthening and disintegration of worldwide empires, and the Cold War and its demise. It also witnessed great improvement in the quality of life as also in the capacity of humans to make such growth unsustainable. By the end of the century, globalisation became the defining feature. There were social movements centring on issues like preventing ecological degradation, human rights, empowerment of women etc. Basically, these movements questioned traditional power structures. These developments decisively influenced both the ways of thought and modes of behaviour and, hence, cultural trends. The results of these processes are still unfolding. Issues in Twentieth-Century World History covers this vibrant period of worl	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230028852	IELTS Testbuilder 2	Sam McCarter			2007	Macmillan Education						ZZZ000000
9781403926784	Ethical Management Text And Cases In Business Ethics And Corporate Governance	Satish Modh		This book is designed to meet the syllabus requirement of the Ethical Management taught at the BBA and MBA level. The book is highly structured, where the text is clearly divided into three sections Ethical Value, Value-based Management and Ethical Business. The book discusses individual ethics followed by managerial and organizational ethics.	2005	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230639799	Introduction To Disaster Management	Satish Modh		Disaster Management as a subject essentially deals with management of resources andinformation as far as a disastrous event is concerned and also how effectively and seamlessly one coordinates these resources. Disaster management, at the individual and organisational level, deals with issues of planning, coordinating, communication and risk management. A book to teach disaster management would accomplish very little unless a broad spectrum of knowledge is imparted regarding effects of various types of disasters, their dimensions and characteristics, the role of United Nations in complex emergencies and the role of Indian government in prevention and control of disasters. Equally important is the knowledge about various international and national agencies involved in disaster relief and humanitarian assistance. This book covers all these subjects in order to enhance the ability of students and professionals for better disaster response.	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230327993	Fairyish Tales	Mullick Sumit				Macmilan Indian Limited Mumbai						ZZZ000000
9780333935057	Marketing Successfully : A Professional Perspective	A Nag		The book covers all major areas of marketing such as marketing myths, marketing laws, marketing intelligence, marketing for profit, internet marketing and international marketing. The book is primarily meant for marketing managers and students of business management.	2000	Macmillan India Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780230327900	Object-Oriented Analysis and Design	G Sudha Sadasivan		Object-Oriented Analysis and Design promotes better understanding of the requirements, cleaner designs and more maintainable systems. This learning material emphasizes that object oriented technology is more than just a way of programming. It applies the object-oriented concepts to the entire software development cycle. The significant features of this learning material are: " It focuses on the conceptual processes of analysis and design, rather than the low level, back-end implementation steps of programming. " It helps to learn system analysis and design technique - what it is and how one goes about doing it. " It makes us understand and appreciate that we live in a world of systems and systems within systems, which are parts of even larger systems. " It presents graphical notations and methodologies independent of any particular programming language. " It provides a detailed description of the concepts in Object Modeling. " It provides a clear discussion on the important model	2009	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780230328853	An Advanced History of Modern India	Sailendra Nath Sen		About the Book : - An Advanced History of Modern India has been designed for undergraduate students as well as those preparing for civil services examinations at both central and state levels. It is a daunting task to write a book of this kind when dynamic changes have occurred in the last three decades in the historiography of modern India, including Subaltern Studies by reputed scholars both in India and abroad. An attempt has been made to weave the known facts of history with the unknown, fostering a spirit of enquiry among modern generations. Apart from political history, due emphasis has been laid on socio-economic changes, administrative innovations, cultural ferments and trials and tribulations of the nationalist movements. The author has not ignored the post-independence era that led to the emergence of a new India vibrant with a new lease of life. The book is adequately with maps. A detailed chronology, biographical notes of distinguished personalities, list of Congress sessions including names of Presidents, Prime Ministers, Presidents and Vice-Presidents of independent India and an exhaustive list of bibliography is also included. The author with his wide experience of teaching and research for about six decades has enlivened the dry bones of modern Indian history in an easy flowing style without any historical bias. About the Author : - Professor Sailendra Nath Sen, engaged in research and teaching for about six decades, has been awarded D.Phil (1958) and D.Litt (1970) degrees from the University of Calcutta for his research work on the history of the Marathas. His pioneering works on the history of the Marathas - Anglo-Maratha Relations During the Administration of Warren Hastings, 1772-1785 (1961) and Anglo-Maratha Relations, His magnum opus - two-volume study of Eclipse of the Maratha Empire, 1796-1818 and Chandernagore: 1785-1796 (1974), have won the unstinted admiration of C.C.Davies, Percival Spear and R.P Patwardhan. From Bondage to Freedom (1900-1955) - await publication. Professor Sen has a long stint in writing textbooks like Ancient Indian History and Civilization (2nd Edition, 1999 with two reprints) History of the Freedom Movement in India (4th Edition, 2009), Europe and the World, 1789-1945 (1998) and A Textbook of Indian History and Culture (2007). He is now engaged in a research project entitled Universal History.	2010	Macmillan Publishers India Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780333921432	Working with children in groups,a handbook for counsellors, educators and community workers	Kathryn Geldard&David Geldard			2001-03-27	Palgrave						ZZZ000000
9780070584563	How To Be Your Own Therapist	Farrell				Tata Mcgraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited						ZZZ000000
9788120832305	Vedic mathematics for all ages,a beginners' guide	Vandana Singhal		The author has attempted to codify several useful results embedded in the ancient lore, in a form which is easily accessible to the children learning mathematics. Many of the chapters deal with computations using simple techniques which will shorten the effort involved in the conventional approach. The price one pays, of course, is that one has to learn the tricks, memorize them and use the appropriate one for each problem. While one might think that this takes away the generality of the modern approach, it certainly has the element of charm and intrigue which children [and grown-ups!] will find entertaining. Even working out why many of these approaches lead to correct results is a valuable exercise by itself.ContentsForeword, Preface, Feedback, Introduction, 1. Complement, Subtraction, Multiplication by Specific Numbers, Base Multiplication, Working Base Multiplication, Multiplication, Algebra, Digital Roots, Divisibility, Division I, Division II, Squares, Straight Squaring, Cubes, Square roots of exact squares, Cube roots of exact cubes, Straight Division, Square roots II, Sutras, Glossary, Index.	2008-01-01	Motilal Banarsidass Publishe						ZZZ000000
9788120827882	Vedic mathematics,teacher's manual : advanced level	Kenneth R. Williams			2005-05-15	Motilal Banarsidass Publishers						ZZZ000000
9788173197994	Reactive Power Analysis of Isolated Hybrid Power Systems	R. C. Bansal			2008-08-31	Narosa Pub House						TEC007000
9788173197338	Fuzzy logic and its application in technology and management	Debjani Chakraborty&S. Nanda&D. Dutta Majumder			2007-06-15	Narosa						ZZZ000000
9788173196430	Computer applications in physics with FORTRAN, BASIC and C	Suresh Chandra			2006	Narosa Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788173199592	Taxonomy,evolution at work	M Daniel			2009	Alpha Science Intl						ZZZ000000
9788185015835	The Feynman Lectures on Physics: Mainly electromagnetism and matter	Richard Phillips Feynman&Robert B. Leighton&Matthew Linzee Sands				Narosa Pub. House						ZZZ000000
9788173199448	Carbon Capture,Ramp;d Technologies for Sustainable Enegy Future	Malt Goel			2008	Narosa Pub. House						ZZZ000000
9788185015552	Graph Theory: With A Foreword And An Appendix On The Four Colour	Harry Frank			1988	Narosa Book Distributors Private Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788184870459	Control Systems : Theory And Implementations	Sisil Kumarawadu				Narosa Book Distributors Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788173198939	Trace analysis	Susanta Lahiri			2008-01	Narosa Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788173199172	Web Engineering and Applications	Jibitesh Mishra			2008-06-15	Narosa						ZZZ000000
9788173194726	Organic analytical chemistry,theory and practice	Jag Mohan			2003	Narosa						ZZZ000000
9788173198175	Introduction to microcontrollers and their applications	Tattamangalam R. Padmanabhan			2007	Narosa						ZZZ000000
9788173198465	Hydrology And Water Resources Engineering	K. C. Patra			2001	Narosa Book Distributors Private Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788173199615	Biophysics 2e	Vasantha Pattabhi				Narosa Book Distributors Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788173196294	Foundations Of Complex Analysis 2e	Ponnusamy S&S. (Saminathan) Ponnusamy				Narosa Book Distributors Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788173194153	Foundations Of Functional Analysis	Ponnusamy S				Narosa Book Distributors Private Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788173198663	Soft computing	Dilip Kumar Pratihar			2008	Narosa Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788173198946	Mechanical vibration practice and noise control	Viswanatha Ramamurti			2008	Narosa Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788173196577	Immunology 2nd Edition	C Vaman Rao				Narosa Book Distributors Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788185015637	University physics	Francis Weston Sears&Mark Waldo Zemansky&Hugh D. Young			1994	Narosa Pub. House						ZZZ000000
9788173197000	Control Of Unstable Systems	R Padma Sree&M. Chidambaram			2006	Narosa Book Distributors Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788173198694	Control systems and mechatronics	J. Srinivas			2007	Narosa Pub. House						ZZZ000000
9788173198533	Fermentation technology	Manish Srivastava			2008	Narosa						ZZZ000000
9788173198083	Cell Biology For Biotechnologists	Shaleesha A Stanley				Narosa Book Distributors Private Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788173197895	Differential equations for scientists and engineers	J. B. Doshi			2008	Narosa						ZZZ000000
9788173199936	Renewable Energy and Enviroment,For Sustainable Development	V. K. Vijay&H. P. Garg			2009-01-31	Morgan & Claypool						ZZZ000000
9788122426748	Advances In Manufacturing Engineering And Technology	M. Adithan			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122423600	Software Engineering	K.K. Aggarwal&Yogesh Singh			2008	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122426700	Exposure To Boilers	G.S. Aglave			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122411072	Fourier analysis, approximation theory and applications	Zafar Uddin Ahmad&Narendra Kumar Govil&Pawan Kumar Jain			1997	New Age International (P) Limited						ZZZ000000
9788122427974	Customer Satisfaction Research Management	R Allen Derek				New Age International (p) Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788122428001	Analysis Of Customer Satisfaction Data	Darek R. Allen				New Age International Publishers Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122407006	Computational Aspects in Chaos and Nonlinear Dynamics	G. Ambika			1994	John Wiley & Sons Australia, Limited						ZZZ000000
9788184894257	Practical Optimization: Algorithms And Engineering Applications	Antoniou			2009-10-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788173280689	Indian public administration,institutions and issues	Ramesh Kumar Arora&Rajni Goyal			1995	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122420722	A Textbook On Elements Of Civil Engg. & Engineering Mechanics (As Per Vtu Syllabus)	S.S. Bhavikatti			2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122425819	Selfing And Crossing Concept	Nishith K. Bairagi			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122422276	Mathematical Physics For Engineers	Bandyopadhyay&A.K.			2008-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122422573	Nano Materials	Bandyopadhyay A.K.			2008-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122422054	Barron`S Essential Words For The Gre	Geer&Philip			2008-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184895087	Introduction To The Basic Concepts Of Modern Physics	Becchi			2009-12-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122427929	Certified Reliability Engineer Handbook, 1/e	Donald W. Benbow				New Age International (p) Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788122419887	Essays On The Great Depression	Ben S. Bernanke			2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122425918	Methods In Bioinformatics	B Annadurai			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122427943	Ceritified Quality Engineer Handbook, 3/e	M Borror Connie				New Age International (p) Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788184893960	The Calculus Of Computation: Decision Procedures With Applications To Verification	Bradley			2009-09-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122427967	Improving Performance Through Statistical Thinking: Asq Statistics Division	Galen C. Britz				New Age International (p) Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788122421699	The Econometrics Of Financial Markets	John Y. Campbell&Andrew W. Lo&A. Craig Mackinlay			2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184893908	Time-Varying Network Optimization	Cai			2009-09-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122404203	Lasers in chemical and biological sciences	S. Chopra&H. M. Chawla			1992	Wiley Eastern Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184893663	Object-Oriented Programming Languages: Interpretation	Craig			2009-09-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780852269145	Design and analysis of experiments	Mihir Nath Das&Narayan C. Giri			1986	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122424003	Power Transformers Quality Assurance	Indrajit Dasgupta			2009-01-01	New Age International						BUS070000
9788122423921	Building Materials	Duggal S.K.			2009-01-01	New Age International						ARC009000
9788122426618	Product & Process Design For Quality With Solving Manual	R.V. Dukkipati			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122423761	GIS Basics	Fazal Shahab			2008-01-01	New Age International						SCI030000
9788122420715	Delta'S Six Practice ToeflTest (6 Cd)	Nancy Gallagher			2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122420449	E-Commerce	Ritendra Goel			2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122422122	Basic Environmental Engineering (R.T.U.)	Gaur			2008-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122423822	Business Communication	Gopal&Gopal Namita			2009	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788184892789	Statistical Physics, 2E	Guenault			2009-07-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122423884	Experiments In Polymer Science	Hundiwale			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184893205	An Introduction To Computational Micromechanics	Zohdi			2009-08-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122426106	Numerical Methods (As Per Anna University)	Iyengar S.R.K.&Jain R.K.			2009	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122422146	Managing for Value	Iyer S.S.			2009-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9780852265178	Linear estimation and design of experiments	D. D. Joshi			1987	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122420371	Alternative Building Materials Technology	K. S. Jagadish&K. S. Nanjunda Rao			2008-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122420012	Numerical Methods For Scientific And Engineering Computation	M.K. Jain&S. R. K. Iyengar&Rajendra K. Jain			2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122405002	Industrial efficiency, an Indian perspective	Raghbendra Jha&Balbir Singh Sahni			1993-12	Wiley Eastern						ZZZ000000
9788184894264	Stochastic Network Calculus	Jiang			2009-10-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122420791	Basic Geotechnical Earthquake Engineering	Kumar			2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122425963	Organic Reactions And Their Mechanisms	P.S. Kalsi			2009-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788184893830	Fuchsian Reduction: Applications To Geometry, Cosmology And Mathematical Physics	Kichenassamy			2009-09-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122428247	Fundamentals Of Infrared Detector Materials	Michael A. Kinch				New Age International Publishers Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122423990	Organization Development	Kondalkar V.G.			2009-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788181286291	Combinatorial Optimization: Theory And Algorithms, 3E	Bernhard Korte&Jens Vygen			2007-02-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122426175	Environmental Chemistry	Anil Kumar De			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122419009	Barron'S Ielts	Lin Lougheed			2008	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122422030	Mising Data A Gentle Introduction	Mcknight&Patrick E.			2008-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122426731	Human Resource Management	B.B. Mahapatra			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122421750	Mathematical Analysis	S. C. Malik&Savita Arora			2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122424652	Digital Libraries : Dynamic Storehouse Of Digitized Information	N.M. Malwad&T.B. Rajashekar&I.K. Ravichandra Rao&N.V. Satyanarayana			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122422344	Automation and networking of libraries,a manual of library management software and applications of computer technology in libraries	Mishra Lakshmikant&Srivastava Vishnu			2008-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122425949	Advanced Cost Accounting	Mitra J.K.			2009-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122426007	A Modern Introduction To Ancient Indian Mathematics	Bhanumurthy T.S.&T.S. Bhanumurthy			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122420807	Essentials Of Biophysics	Narayan			2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122418927	Technology Careers	Vault			2006-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122424782	Total Quality Management	Naagarazan R.S.&Arivalagar A.A.			2009-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788184893816	Quantum Optics: Including Noise Reduction, Trapped Ions, Quantum Trajectories, And Decoherence, 2Nd Ed	Orszag			2009-09-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184894004	Complex Analysis: In The Spirit Of Lipman Bers	Gilman			2009-10-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122410129	Maintenance Of Buildings	A C Panchdhari		In A Well-Managed Building, Maintenance Work Should In Fact, Continue Throughout The Year Under An Adequate Preventive Maintenance Policy. ``Prevention Is Better Than Cure`` Is An Axiom Well-Applicable To The Maintenance Of Buildings Also.It Is Not That The Related Information Is Not Available. It Is Scattered Over Many Pamphlets And Books. An Individual; Does Not Have Access To Many Of Books And Libraries. Thus, There Is A Need For A Compilation Of Most Of The Available Information. In This Book, An Attempt Has Been Made To Compile This Information. The Idea Has Been To Present It In A Single Book Form.A Book Of This Nature Has Obviously To Depend Upon Published Books Both Indian And Foreign, Articles And Pamphlets. The Author Has Drawn Freely From All These Sources. But The Book Is Not A Compilation Only. The Information Has Been Digested And Put Up In An Intelligible Form. The Author Has Supplemented The Information With The Experience He Has Gathered Over 34 Years Of Civil And Other Engineering In The Field.	2006-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788184892802	Exploring C For Microcontrollers: A Hands On Approach	Parab			2009-07-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122425734	Financial Management	Paramasivan C.&Subramanian T.			2009-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122425604	Electric Circuit Analysis	Paranjothi			2008-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184892352	Object-Oriented Programming And Java	Poo			2009-06-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122425888	Non-Destructive Testing Techniques	Ravi Prakash			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122427615	Strength Of Materials	H.M. Raghunath				New Age International (p) Limited						ZZZ000000
9788122426083	Handbook Of Machanical Engineering Terms	Ramalingam&K.K.			2009-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122426663	Control System Trends In Turbo-Machinery	A.S. Rangwala			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122426694	Discrete Mathematical Structures	Rao Shanker G.			2009-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122402971	Micro-Computers in Materials Management	N. Ravichandran			1992-05	South Asia Books						ZZZ000000
9788122426717	General Microbiology	Rajeswar K. Reddy			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184892369	Material Science Of Semiconductors	Rockett			2009-06-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122420333	Materials & Financial Management	C.M. Sadiwala			2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122421255	Aspects Of World History In Modern Times	S.N. Sen			2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122420494	Advanced Power System Analysis and Dynamics	L P Singh			2008-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788184894295	Defect-Oriented Testing For Nano-Metric Cmos Vlsi Circuits, 2Nd Ed	Sachdev			2009-10-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122421385	Fundamentals of engineering heat and mass transfer,SI units	R. C. Sachdeva			2008-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122424560	Handbook of Piping Design	Sahu&Sahu G.K.			2009-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122428230	Fourier-Transform Spectroscopy Instrumentation Engineering	Vidi Saptari				New Age International Publishers Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122419344	Comprehensive Biotechnology - 5	M. K. Sateesh			2007-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788184893885	Routing Congestion In Vlsi Circuits: Estimation And Optimization	Saxena			2009	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184892055	Mechanics: From Newton'S Laws To Deterministic Chaos, 4E	Scheck			2009	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122420951	New Mantras In Corporate Corridors	Subhash Sharma			2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780852269176	Operations Research for Management	G. V. Shenoy&U. K. Srivastava			1987-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122425772	Computer Network	Shinde S.S.			2009-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788184892727	Stochastic Calculus For Finance I	Shreve			2009	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184892864	Stochastic Calculus For Finance Ii	Shreve			2009	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122426786	Photochemistry And Pericyclic Reactions	Jagdamba Singh&Jaya Singh			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122423785	Electromagnetic Fields	Sivanagaraju S.&Rao C.S.			2008-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122426045	Human Nutrition (For B.Sc. Nursing Students)	B. Srilakshmi			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122427912	Computer - Based Robust Engineering : Essentials For Dfss, 1/e	Taguchi Genichi				New Age International (p) Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788122426670	Elements Of Costing	M.E. Thukaram Rao			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122425895	Human Values	Tripathi A.N.			2009-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788184892086	Thermal Conductivity: Theory, Properties, And Applications	Tritt			2009	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122423891	Quantitative Methods for Economists	Veerachamy R.		About the Book: The revised second edition thoroughly explains the basic methods and techniques involved in mathematical analysis of economic phenomena. Statistical methods have been emphasized. Numerous new concepts, solved examples and illustrative practice problems have been included throughout the book. In addition, few new chapters have been added to enrich the quality of text as well. About the Author: Dr. R. Veerachamy was formerly Professor and Chairman in the Department of Economics, Bangalore University, Bangalore. He has put in 37 years of teaching on Quantitative Techniques for both Economics and Management students. His book "Quantitative Methods for Economists" is a very popular text among student community all over the country. Since 1973 he is handling the paper "Quantitative Methods for Economists" for the postgraduate students in Bangalore University.  He has obtained his MSc. degree in Mathematical Economics from Madurai Kamaraj University and also has MA Economics degree as well from the same University to his credit. He is a First Rank Gold Medalist in Econometrics. He received his Ph.D. in the area of International Economics from Bangalore University. He has contributed research papers/articles in several journals of repute. He has vast experience in curriculum development for both MA and MBA courses. Currently he is working as a Professor, Department of Management Studies, East Point College of Higher Education, Bangalore.	2008-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122424591	International Business Management	Venkateswaran			2009-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122421521	Basic Electrical Engineering	C.L. Wadhwa			2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122422085	International Webster`S Quick Reference Dictionary Notebook	Webster			2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122422115	International Webster`S Student Dictionary Notebook	Webster			2008-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122422092	International Webster`S Vest Pocket Dictionary	Webster			2007-01-01	New Age International (P) Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788122425710	Computer Concepts and Programming in C	Yadav D.S.&Khanna Rajiv			2008-01-01	New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122426892	An Introduction to Client/Server Computing	Yadav Subhash Chandra				New Age International						ZZZ000000
9788122404173	Contributions to stochastics	N. Venugopal			1992	J. Wiley						ZZZ000000
9788122406160	Economics and management of concrete construction and its maintenance,Seminar : Papers	Y P Gupta			1994	Wiley Eastern						ZZZ000000
9788184893984	Protein Nanotechnology: Protocols, Instrumentation, And Applications	Vo-Dinh			2009-10-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184893823	Linear Programming Vol 1: Introduction	Dantzig			2009-11-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184893854	Linear Programming Vol 2: Theory And Extensions	Dantzig			2009-11-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184892338	Evolutionary Bioinformatics	Forsdyke			2009-05-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184892321	Embedded Processor-Based Self-Test	Gizopoulos			2009-05-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184894325	Genetic Engineering: Principles And Methods	Setlow			2009	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788184893991	Fundamentals Of Production Logistics: Theory, Tools And Applications (With Cd-Rom)	Nyhuis			2009-10-01	Springer (India) Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788189738563	Half a Face	Nonda Chatterjee		The imprints of her ancestors feet that were displayed, amongst other memorabilia, on the walls of her house had always intrigued Priti, for to her they were malevolent. As she grew up, she almost obsessively questioned the mystery that lay behind the absence of the footprint of her great grandmother, the enigmatic Gauri, whose name was a taboo in the family and any questions asked pertaining to her life, considered blasphemous. Her grandfather was aware of this and on his deathbed, he bequeathed a key to her to unravel the truth lost in the dark shades of feudal Bengal. Will Priti be successful in the arduous task she has before her and what will her findings be? Brilliantly structured, the book has been aesthetically crafted, with its narrative moving on a parallel course between the past and the present, between rural Bengal and modern Kolkata, between hard-core realism and lyrical emotion. Steeped in local colour, the two voices quite distinct yet gradually merging in Priti's consciousness, create a mystery that proceeds at breakneck speed, compels the reader's total attention but never loses sight of the feminist issues at stake.	2010	Niyogi Books						ZZZ000000
9788189738259	Wild wonders of India	Biswajit Roy Chowdhury			2008-05	Niyogi Books						ZZZ000000
9788189738532	Akriti to Sanskriti : The Journey of Indian Forms	Harsha V. Dehejia		India is a civilization of many images, a culture of many visual feasts, a tradition where the visible and the palpable are as important as the oral and the occurrent, where our highest truths are embodied not only in our erudite texts but in our kathas (stories) and gathas (songs), akritis (visual forms) and rachanas (compositions), rich with a variety of forms, shapes, designs and motifs. Akriti to Sankriti: The Journey of Indian Forms explores some akritis that adorn both majestic and grand monuments, as well as common and ordinary spaces, and which through their purely visual language are pointers to not only our culture, but equally to brahma jnana or transcendental knowledge. These beautiful visual representations of both the ordinary people and artisans, are not individual expressions but that of the shared experiences of the community and the preserve of the family, passed down through endless generations. They are neither mere designs nor decorations, nor meant only for rites and rituals, but in their own unpretentious way become sources of visual knowledge and have a culture of their own. Akriti to Sanskriti, a unique analysis and repository of Indian visual forms, is a collectors tome.	2010	Niyogi Books						ZZZ000000
9788189738587	THE DIALOGUE OF MOTHER INDIA	PRESENTED BY NASREEN MUNNI KABIR			2010-02-01	Niyogi Books						ZZZ000000
9788189738716	THE HONEST ALWAYS STAND ALONE	CG SOMIAH				Niyogi Books						ZZZ000000
9788170945321	Elliott Wave Explained	Robert C. Beckman			2005-03-01	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122204827	The complete family medicine book	P. C. Dandiya&J. S. Bapna&Gurudas Khilnani			2010	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200898	Yogic pranayama,breathing for long life and good health	Dr. K S Joshi		The book is a complete one of its kind books on Pranayama, an important, yet little known part of Yoga. Breathing exercises are called Pranayamas, which means to control the Prana. Its techniques have been practiced for centuries by ardent students of Yoga in remote ashrams. Pranayama is a very important means for preventing and curing many ailments. By far the most important thing about good breathing is the Prana, or subtle energy of the vital breath. Control of the Prana leads to control of the mind. The aim of this book is to bring the traditional knowledge of this great art to the common man. It is hoped that by reading this book the reader will be well equipped to keep diseases at bay by using the age-old techniques of Pranayama. Pranayama, the control of the breath, essentially entails the modification of our normal process of breathing. This book is an exhaustive look into the art of breathing. It is complete, detailed and technical. Yogic Pranayama is one of the most exhaustive, yet understandable book on breath, the physiology of breath, and the effects of proper breathing on the human organism written. The drawings and diagrams in the book are precise, simple and easy to understand.	1992	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122204551	Identity And Ethos	Radhakrishnan&Dr. S			2007	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122201321	Be-Happy Attitudes	Robert H Schuller		Have you ever wondered            How is it that some people sit in the sun looking at sour apples, and the others whistle in the rain?            How is it that there are people who, as soon as they open their eyes, see something wrong, and others discover spontaneous joy in little things? You too can choose to be happy and whistle in the rain. You too can discover the joy of living, of being alive. Happiness is a set of attitudes. You too can discover them, learn them and live them. That is what this book is about, the life transforming power of happy attitudes. So choose to BE-HAPPY, today!	2006	Orient Paperbacks						SEL016000
9788122201581	Know Your Future Through Your Date Of Birth	Shiraz		Numbers, like holy mantras, wield powerful influence on all events in the universe. Each number from 1-9 is, in fact, a cosmic code having its own unique characteristics, exclusive subjects, and its own positive and negative effects. An accurate understanding of the magical powers of numbers can give a man a clear insight into the unpredictable future. The power to take charge of one's life flows from one's date of birth. Once you have understood it and grasped its subtle influences, you can construe the signals of nature, exploit on your strengths and take charge of your weaknesses. In an easy to understand format, even for those with no prior knowledge of numerology, Shiraz analyzes the influence of one's date of birth on one's personality, life and provides all that is needed to mould and amalgamate your personality around these influences so as to emerge a winner.	2005-03-01	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122200133	Khushwant Singh's joke book	Khushwant Singh			1987	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788122202397	Khushwant Singh's Joke	Khushwant Singh			2005	Orient Paperbacks						HIS017000
9788170947110	A To Z Of Business Strategy	Ayalur Viswanathan Vedpuriswar			2008-12-30	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788122201383	Khushwant Singh's Joke	Khushwant Singh			2002	Orient Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788170947073	Banking Risks: Management And Audit	S N Bidani				Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9788170947622	Taking your business global,succeeding and staying ahead in the world markets	Ayalur Viswanathan Vedpuriswar			2010	Vision Books						ZZZ000000
9780195676884	Immunology and immunotechnology	Ashim K. Chakravarty			2006	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195685237	Inorganic Chemistry 4E	Duward F. Shriver&Atkins			2006	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195687507	Understanding Human Communication, 9/Ed	Ronald B. Adler			2006	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780199582853	Energy Science	John Andrews			2009	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195685220	Physical Chemistry, 8Ed., Pb	Atkins			2006	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780199206063	Quanta, matter, and change,a molecular approach to physical chemistry	Peter William Atkins&Julio De Paula&Ronald Friedman		'Quanta, Matter, and Change' unravels a traditional course in physical chemistry and presents it from a new molecular perspective. Building on the heritage of the world-renowned Atkins' 'Physical Chemistry', it gives a refreshing new insight into the familiar by illuminating physical chemistry from a new direction.	2009	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195667523	Discrete Mathematics	Biggs			2003-08-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780199562145	Introduction To Human Resource Management	Paul Banfield			2008	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195690873	Production And Operations Management 2/E	Kanishka`			2007	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195677959	Quality management	Kanishka Bedi			2006-02-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195693348	Process Control: Principles And Applications	Bhanot			2008	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195694451	Management Principles, Processes, and Practices	Anil Bhat&Arya Kumar		Management: Principles, Processes and Practices is a comprehensive textbook designed for management students. The content of the book is balanced with a due focus on concepts and theory, tools and methods and applications. An integrated approach has been adopted with a modular structure that is comprehensive in nature in its coverage of the subject and jargon free at the same time.  The book discusses in detail both the managerial functions as well as organizational functions. The whole exposition is divided into six streams viz., Economic and Financial Analysis, Excelling through People, Managerial Competencies, Creating and Delivering Customer Value, Quantitative Methods and Information Systems, and Operations and Technology Management.  Written in a lucid style and user-friendly manner, the book presents the basics, essentials, and applications of management, which will be useful to students.	2008-06-09	Oxford University Press, USA						ZZZ000000
9780195695946	Organizational Behaviour	Dipak Bhattacharyya		Organizational Behaviour is a comprehensive textbook designed to meet the requirements of MBA/ PGDM students. It provides an insight into the behaviour of individuals and groups in organizations in a fast changing environment. Developed to help students appreciate and manage the complexitiesand challenges of human behaviour in modern organizations, the book covers the core concepts and research in the field, and emphasizes on managerial applications. The exposition in each chapter begins with a caselet to sensitize the readers with the theme of the chapter and closes with a case studyto exemplify the concepts and issues discussed in the chapter. The theory is reinforced with suitable examples, corporate incidents, exhibits, and illustrations to develop the managerial acumen of students.The book begins by introducing the concept and evolution of organizational behaviour and goes on to delve on organizational strategies and policies and how strategic controls are implemented in an organization, organizational structure and systems. It explores individual behaviour and its effect onorganizational behaviour, discussing topics such as attitude and its measurement, and the effect of personality and emotional intelligence on organizational behaviour. The book explicates the concept of group in the organizational environment, highlighting issues such as conflict and stress, powerand politics and their management. It has elaborate discussions on job design to increase employee motivation and productivity. Key concepts such as leadership, communication and negotiation, ethics and ethical practices in organizations are discussed extensively. The text deliberates on theinfluence of globalisation on organizational behaviour, organizational culture and its impact on the working of organizations, cross-cultural issues and the use of organizational development tools for effecting organizational transformation and change.Owing to its extensive coverage of behavioural issues in organizations, the book would also be useful to students of psychology, commerce and computer applications.	2009-02-01	Oxford University Press						BUS000000
9780199562879	Social Research Methods, 3/E	Alan Bryman			2009	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195691672	Macroeconomics	Carlin			2007	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195632491	Management accountancy	Hrishikesh Chakraborty&Srijit Chakraborty			1997-07-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195691467	Digital Signal Processing	Chi-Tsong Chen			2007-05-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195676938	Managerial economics	Suma Damodaran		Managerial Economics is a comprehensive textbook that is specially designed to meet the needs of students pursuing Masters in Business Administration/Postgraduate Diploma in Management. Users will find this book highly useful for its coverage of managerial decision-making for the firm in relation to the consumer, production, and costs. It would also cover firm behaviour under monopolistic and oligopolistic market conditions and study long-term investment and risk-analysis.These are analysed through statistical and mathematical tools, caselets, tables, and diagrams.	2006	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195611946	Outlines Of Dairy Technology	Sukumar			2001-03-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195647358	Microeconomics for management students	Ravindra H. Dholakia&A. N. Oza			2004	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195696189	Managerial Economics: Principles And Worldwide Applications,6E,Adapted Version	Dominick Salvatore			2008	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195686159	Derivatives - Valuation And Risk Management	David A. Dubofsky			2006	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195685770	Electric Machinery And Transformers	Guru & Hiziroglu			2007	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780199560295	Strategic Management-Theory & Application	Haberberg			2008	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780199560301	Understanding Strategic Management	Anthony Henry			2008	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195677294	Semiconductor physics and devices	S. S. Islam		"Semiconductor Physics and Devices provides an introduction to the physics of semiconductor materials and devices. Beginning with the basic physics, the first part of the book gives a comprehensive coverage of semiconductor fundamentals and discusses the recent developments in the field. The second part covers in detail the characteristics, operation, and limitations of solid-state electronic devices such as junction diodes, BJTs, and state-of-the-art FETs such as MESFETs, HEMTs, and MOSFETs. The book ends with a discussion on optoelectronic, microwave, and power electronic devices."--BOOK JACKET.	2006	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195676945	Human Resource Management	P. Jyothi&D. N. Venkatesh		uman Resource Management is a comprehensive textbook that is specially designed to meet the needs of students pursuing a Master's in Business Administration/ Postgraduate Diploma in Management. Users will find this book highly useful for its coverage of the role of the knowledge worker and the human resources manager, the impact of globalization on human resource practices, career management and development, the interplay of perspectives on industrial relations andhuman resource management, and human resource accounting and audit procedures. Caselets, tables, flow charts, and diagrams are provided throughout the text.	2006	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195685763	Environmental Economics	Kolstad			2006-10-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195682151	Global marketing management,changes, challenges and new strategies	Kiefer Lee&Steve Carter			2006	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780198064053	Global Marketing Management,2/E	Kiefer Lee			2009	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195686173	Organic Chemistry	Loudon Marc			2008	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780198061861	Distributed Computing	Sunita Mahajan&Seema Shah		Distributed Computing is designed to serve as a textbook for undergraduate engineering students of Computer Science and postgraduate students of Computer Applications. The book seeks to impart a clear understanding of the computing aspects of Distributed Systems. Beginning with an overview of the fundamental concepts, the book moves into detailed descriptions of Network, Inter-Process and Remote Communication and Synchronization of distributed systems. Key facets of Distributed Computing like Distributed System Management, Shared Memory, and File Systems have been dealt with individually. Special attention is paid to important topics like Real-Time Distributed Systems, Distributed Databases, and security issues. Keeping pace with the rapid development taking place in this field, the book also discusses some recent advances in Grid Computing, Ubiquitous Computing and .NET. Written in simple and concise language, the book provides numerous end chapter review questions and multiple choice questions. Several case studies have been provided in relevant chapters for students to understand real-world applications. The book may also serve as a useful reference for courses on Distributed Systems, Distributed Operating Systems, and Distributed Databases.	2010	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195629972	Instruments Transducers	Newbert			1999	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195685886	Global Strategic Management	Finlay			2006	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195688627	Beginner'S Italian Dictionary	Oxford Dictionaries			2007	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780199562008	Human Resource Management:Ethics & Employment	Ashly Pinnington			2008	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195685725	Computational Intelligence C	David Poole			2006	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195699258	Polymer Chemistry	Malcolm P. Stevens			2008-01-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195671537	Concrete Technology	A.R. Santhakumar			2006-10-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780198061854	Analog Communication	V. Chandra Sekar		Analog Communication has been specially designed for use by the undergraduate students as well as the faculty of electrical, electronics, and communications engineering. It provides an exhaustive coverage on the fundamental concepts and recent developments in communication theory.The book follows a bottom-up approach by buiding up the basic concepts of conventional modulation systems in the initial chapters and describing the latest trend in communications towards the end. It covers, after a brief introduction on the concepts of communication theory, chapters on Amplitudemodulation, Angle modulation, Pulse modulation and also discusses the concept of TDM, FDM, Delta and adaptive Delta modulations. The book also provides a chapter on Digital communication that contains coverage on the concept of FSK, PSK, QAM etc in a brief manner. A separate chapter on "Noise"highlights the different type of Noise encountered in Communication systems and their effect on various types of Modulation.Written in a lucid manner, the book includes a large number of circuit diagrams, worked out examples, important formulae, and graded questions for practice, thereby, enabling the users to have a sound grasp of the concepts presented in the book and their applications.	2010-02-01	Oxford University Press						TEC009000
9780195677836	Introduction To Fluid Mechanics	Edward J. Shaughnessy&Ira M. Katz&James P. Schaffer			2005-12-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195686258	Metal Cutting Principles	Shaw Milton Cwrite A Review			2008	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195676853	Pattern recognition,techniques and applications	Rajjan Shinghal		Pattern Recognition: Techniques and Applications introduces the concept of inductive learning and provides an exhaustive coverage of the procedures for Pattern Recognition. The book would serve as a textbook for senior undergraduate and master's engineering students. Written in a lucid and student-friendly style, the text encourages self-study and instils working knowledge of Pattern Recognition in a student.	2006	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195698398	Managing Strategic Innovation & Change	Michael L. Tushman			2008-07-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195685688	Principles Of Vibration 2E C	Benson H. Tongue			2007	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780199582464	Corporate Governance	Tricker			2009	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195672688	Environmental Chemistry 2/E	Gary W. Vanloon			2008	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195699241	Mathematical Methods In Chemical Engineering	Varma			2008	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780195603200	Modern French Course	Dondo Mathurin&Mathurin Marius Dondo			1997-06-01	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9780194316644	Oxf Adv Learner Dict 7E (Pack)	Dict			2005	Oxford University Press						ZZZ000000
9788179913857	Pharmacology & Pharmacotherapeutics 20th Edition	Satoskar R S				Popular Prakashan Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788170367024	Managing organisational change	V. Nilakant&S. Ramnarayan			1998	Response Books						ZZZ000000
9788188458530	A Course In Electrical Power	J.B. Gupta			2009-01-01	S. K. Kataria & Sons						ZZZ000000
9788120722408	A solemn pledge from true tales of Shirdi Sai Baba,all towards success and fulfilment of desires	B.H. Briz- Kishore			2002-10-01	Sterling Publishers Pvt., Limited						ZZZ000000
9788120732681	Beauty & health through ayurveda	Vaidya Suresh Chaturvedi			2007	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120744745	Human Resource Management	Bhaskar Chatterjee				Sterling Publishers Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120700406	Science teaching in schools	R. C. Das			1985	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120733244	Sai Hari Katha	Maharal D&Das Ganu Maharaj		Das Ganu Maharaj authored three books -- Bhaktisaramrit, Bhaktileelamrit and Santkathamrit in which he presented the life sketches and teachings of the modern saints. There are seven chapters about Shirdi Sai Baba in the above mentioned books. These have been compiled and translated in the form of a book -- Sai Hari Katha. This book would be useful and important for Sai bhaktas and those doing research on Shirdi Sai Baba. This book contains information about Baba's childhood, his stay with Guru, arrival at Shirdi and other matters related to spiritual and worldly affairs.	2008	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120704435	Indian Writing in English	K. R. Srinivasa Iyengar&Srinivasa K. R. Iyengar			1994-01	Sterling Publishers Private Limited						ZZZ000000
9788120704459	Introduction To The Study Of English Literature	K. R. Srinivasa Iyengar&Prema Nandakumar			2004	Sterling Publishers Private Limited						ZZZ000000
9788120722910	Sai Baba: His Divine Glimpses	V.B. Kher&M. V. Kamath			2003	Sterling Publishers Private Limited						ZZZ000000
9788120700864	Educational And Vocational Guidance In Secondary Schools	S K Kochhar			1984	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120700710	Methods & techniques of teaching	S. K. Kochhar			1967	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120747890	Circus & Other Stories	Mohona Kanjilal			2009	Sterling Publishers Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120700253	Teaching Of History	S. K. Kochhar			1984	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120700840	Secondary School Administration	S. K. Kochhar			1971	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120720251	108 names of Shiva	Vijaya Kumar			1997	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120708136	Educational psychology	Prem Pasricha			1963	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120705654	Advanced educational psychology	Bangalore Kuppuswamy			1982	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120718401	An Introduction To Psychology	Peter Morris&John Annett				Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120737389	The thousand names of Shirdi Sai Baba,Sanskrit text with English transliteration also English, Hindi translation	B. V. Narasimha Swami&Rabinder Nath Kakarya			2008	Sterling Paperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788120732001	Successful Tourism,Volume II: Tourism Practices	Pran Nath Seth&Sushma S. Bhat			2006	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120718098	God Who Walked on Earth,The Life and Times of Shirdi Sai Baba	Rangaswami Parthasarathy			1996-04-01	Sterling						ZZZ000000
9788120719934	Journalism in India,from the earliest times to the present day	Rangaswami Parthasarathy			1997	Sterling Publishers						ZZZ000000
9788120715318	History Of Modern Europe (1789-1992)	B.V. Rao			2002	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120731394	Introduction To Educational Technology	K. Sampath			1984	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120725911	News Reporting And Editing	K.M. Shrivastava (rev. Edn.)				Sterling Publishers Private Limited						ZZZ000000
9788120717473	The teaching of mathematics	Kulbir Singh Sidhu			1984	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120717800	Tongue-Twisters	Vas Gratian			1995	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788120748392	Flower Arrangement: 61 Creative Ways	Ranjana Tulsyan			2009	Sterling Publishers Private Limited						ZZZ000000
9788120721470	Unravelling the enigma Shirdi Sai Baba in the light of sufism	Marianne Warren			1999	Sterlingpaperbacks						ZZZ000000
9788120724822	An introduction to travel and tourism	Pran Nath Seth&Sushma Seth Bhat			2005	Sterling Publishers Pvt. Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788190573511	India,managing financial globalisation and growth	Kalpana Kochhar and Charles F Kramer			2009	Business Standard Books						ZZZ000000
9788179292082	Continuous Networking - Developing And Maintaining Quality Relationships	Andrea R Nierenberg				Taru Publications						ZZZ000000
9781419551833	Kaplan Sat Subject Test Literature 2008-2009	Kaplan		Features:* New and improved interior layout and design* 8 full-length practice tests *Detailedanswer explanations* Comprehensive review of all tested material*Targeted review of key literature concepts* Effective test-taking strategies	2008-03-04	Kaplan Publishing						ZZZ000000
9780070601000	Perfect Phrases For Customer Service	Bacal				Tata Mcgraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited						ZZZ000000
9780070612136	Inviscid Flow	Frederick Stern				Tata Mcgraw Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070583931	313 Ways To Slash Your Business Overheads	Gary Long				Tata Mcgraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited						ZZZ000000
9780070534605	Empowering Employees (Mcgraw-Hill Briefcase Books Series)	Murrell			2003-09-01	McGraw-Hill Education (India) Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780070659834	Instant Advertising	Sugars			2007-09-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070659810	Instant Cashflow	Sugars			2007	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070659803	Instant Leads	Sugars			2007-09-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070659872	Instant Promotions	Sugars			2007-09-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070659865	Instant Repeat Business	Sugars			2007-09-01	Tata McGraw-Hill						ZZZ000000
9780070659841	Instant Sales	Sugars				Tata McGraw-Hill						BUS058000
9780070659902	Instant Team Building	Sugars			2007	Tata McGraw-Hill						BUS097000
9788174765918	Major Religions Of The World	Ml Ahuja			2008-01-01	Ubs Publishers Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174765772	Stay Younger For Longer	Gd Budhiraja			2008	Ubs Publishers Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174766083	Why Not Racing Ahead With Mentors	Partha Sarathi Basu			2008	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185944630	History Of English Literature	Compton-Ricket			2003	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9780910608237	Dewey decimal classification and relative index	Melvil Dewey&Benjamin Allen Custer			1979	Forest Press						ZZZ000000
9788186112595	Homoeopathy,the complete handbook	K.P.S. Dhama&Suman Dhama			1994-11-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185944777	Olivertwist	Charles Dickens		Oliver Twist Was An Entirely New Kind Of Novel In Early Victorian England Which Exposed The Contemporary Cruelties Of The Industrial Revolution And The Poor Law Of 1834. Part Autobiographical And Part Based On The Evils Of Early Industrialisation, It Is Clothed In An Unforgettable Atmosphere Of Mystery And All-Pervasive Evil Of The English Underground Of The Early Nineteenth Century	2004-01-15	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174766236	Born of the same parents,the saga of split of the Indian subcontinent	Kartar Singh Duggal			2008	UBS Publisher's Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174762061	The Three Musketeers	Alexandre Dumas			2004-01-15	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						FIC000000
9788185944623	Between Night and Morn	Kahlil Gibran			1993-12-31	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185944708	Mirrors of the Soul	Kahlil Gibran			1993-12-31	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						POE000000
9788185944593	Tears and Laughter	Kahlil Gibran			1993-12-31	UBS Publishers						ZZZ000000
9788185944715	The Wisdom of Kahlil Gibran	Kahlil Gibran			1993-12-31	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174766267	Cooking For Toddlersand Children (Hb)	Kabra&Kanchan G				UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174765901	My Honeymoon With A Pinch Of Salt: Achieving Balance And Harmony In Life	Virender Kapoor			2008	Ubspd						ZZZ000000
9788174766502	Your Personal Guide To Victory	Kapoor&Virender			2009	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788186112496	Approach To Shakespears	A. Lang				Ubs Publisher						ZZZ000000
9788174766106	Selected Stories Of Premchand	Sushil Malik Rakesh Bhasi			2008	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174764027	Animal Farm	George Orwell			2005-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185674476	How to Achieve Success	Anant Pai			1993-04-01	UBS Publishers Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174761675	We, the people,India, the largest democracy	Nani Ardeshir Palkhivala			1999-01-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788185674490	How to Develop a Super Memory	Anant Pai			1993-04-01	UBS Publishers Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788185674414	How to Develop Self-confidence	Anant Pai			1993-04-01	Soma Books Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788174766182	Vastu for homes,a comprehensive study	Suman Pandit			2008	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174766199	Vastu for workplace,a comprehensive study	Suman Pandit			2008	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788185674230	Bhavartha Ratnakara,A Mine of Astrological Gems	B.V. Raman			1992-11-01	UBS Publishers Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788185674254	Ashtakavarga System of Prediction	Bangalore V. Raman			1996-08-01	SOS Free Stock						ZZZ000000
9788185674322	Astrology in forecasting weather and earthquakes	Bangalore Venkat Raman			1992	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788185273549	Hindu Predictive Astrology	B. V. Raman			1993-12-01	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788185674292	Manual of Hindu Astrology,Correct Casting of Horoscopes	B. V. Raman			1992-11-01	UBS Publishers Distributors (P), Limited						ZZZ000000
9788185273730	My experiences in astrology	Bangalore Venkat Raman			1992-06-01	Raman Publications						ZZZ000000
9788185674667	Prasna Tantra	B.V. Raman			1993-01-01	UBSPD						ZZZ000000
9788185674339	Raman's one hundred and ten-year ephemeris of planetary positions (1891 to 2000 A.D.)	Bangalore Venkat Raman			1992-11-01	UBSPD UBS Publishers' Distributors Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788185273952	Varshaphal Or the Hindu Progressed Horoscope	B. V. Raman			1992-11-01	UBS Publishers Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174766250	A comprehensive study of progress of education in Karnataka	D. Jagannatha Rao			2009	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788185461076	Microprocessor and microcomputer-based system design	Mohamed Rafiquzzaman			1990	Universal Book Stall						ZZZ000000
9788174765833	Appreciating Sikhism	Dr. Paramjit Singh Sachde			2008	Ubs Publishers Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788186112625	How To Become A Good Leader	V.K. Saraf			2004	UBS Publishers' Distributors						ZZZ000000
9788174766281	Power Of Numbers Complete Guide To Numerology	Sharma&Dr Prem Kumar			2009	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174766274	Your Birth Chart And The Sport You Should Play	Sharma&Dr Prem Kumar			2009	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174766588	The Sky Of Indian History Themes And Thought Of Rabindranath Tagore (Hb)	Stephen S Jeyaseela			2010	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174766519	Astro Equations For Specific Professions (Hb)	Trivedi M&Trivedi T P			2010	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788174766557	The Fine Print And Other Yarns	Verma&Dinesh			2009	UBS Publishers' Distributors Pvt. Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788182092228	Database Management Systems, 1E	A Leon			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125914242	Computer Oriented Numerical Methods	N Datta			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125900511	Essentials Of Examination System: Evaluation Tests And Measurement, 1E	J C Aggarwal			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125910565	Principles, Methods & Techniques of Teaching	J C Aggarwal			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125916154	Teachers and Education in a Developing Society	J C Aggarwal			2004-12-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125915973	Data Communication And Computer Networks, 1E	B B Tiwari R Agarwal		Data Communication And Computer Networks Deals With Various Aspects Of The Subject Vis--Vis The Emerging Trends In Network-Centric Information Technology. It Provides The Reader With An In-Depth Framework Of The Fundamental Concepts. Networking Involves	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125918301	A Textbook of Cost and Management Accounting	M N Arora			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706999280	Office Organisation and Management	S P Arora			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125914419	Infant And Child Care, 13E	Subhash C Arya			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125909323	Programming with Visual Basic 6.0	Mohammed Azam			2001-04-12	Vikas						ZZZ000000
9780706986341	History of Economic Thought	H L Bhatia			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125927761	Land drainage,principles, methods, and applications	A. K. Bhattacharya&A. M. Michael			2006	Vikas Publishing House PVT Ltd.						ZZZ000000
9788125927952	MBA ENTRANCE GUIDE - FOURTH EDN	Career Launcher			2008-01-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125904182	Statistics for Business and Economics	J S Chandan			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125910732	Count Your Chickens Before They Hatch	Arindam Chaudhuri			2001-11-22	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125922520	INTRUSION ALERT : AN ETHICAL HACKING GUIDE TO INTRUSION DETECTION	Ankit Fadia			2007-01-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706995220	100 Easy to Make Goan Dishes	Jennifer Fernandes			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125905615	Tourism & Travel Management, 2E	B Ghosh			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706998221	Encyclopaedia of sports and games	Gaurav Goel&Veena Goel			2003-01-15	Vikas						ZZZ000000
9788125910114	Solid State Physics	H.C. Gupta			2001-04-12	Sangam Books Limited						ZZZ000000
9788125932505	Engineering Graphics Using Autocad, 4E	T Jeyapoovan			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125912750	Operations research	S Kalavathy			2002-08-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706990287	Professional Journalism	M V Kamath			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125923480	Foreign Policy Of India, 6E	V N Khanna			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706986136	The culture and civilisation of ancient India in historical outline	D.D. Kosambi			1997-07-01	Vikas Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788125905820	Modern concepts of biotechnology	H D Kumar			1998	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125910008	Modern Concepts of Microbiology	H D Kumar			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706984613	An Introduction to Cataloguing Practice	Krishan Kumar			1998-02-04	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						LAN025000
9788182092174	Ibm Mainframe Handbook, 1E	A Leon			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788182092181	Internet For Everyone, 1E	A Leon			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125924012	Indian Financial System, 3E	H R Machiraju		The Third Edition Of Indian Financial System Presents An Empirical Analysis Of The Principles And Practices In Money Market, Capital Market And Foreign Exchange Market And The Financial Intermediaries Operating In Them. The System Has Undergone A Constant Review During The Past Fifteen Years By The Ever-Watchful Regulators Rbi, Sebi And The Government Of India To Implement Best Practices, Impart Transparency And Facilitate Liquidity Pass Through All Of Which Have Been Analysed In This Book.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706987492	Basic Number Theory	S B Malik			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125909361	Organisational behaviour	Maha Narain Mishra			2001	Vikas Publishing House						ZZZ000000
9788125931638	Reflections on the Reflected	Jayashree Palande			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125902928	Environmental Management	G.N. Pandey			1997-05	Sangam Books Limited						ZZZ000000
9780706997774	Essentials Of Financial Management, 1E	I M Pandey			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706998979	Management Accounting	I M Pandey			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125907770	Project management,strategic financial planning, evaluation and control	Bhavesh M. Patel			2000-04-01	Sangam Books Limited						ZZZ000000
9788125909439	Handbook of experiments in electronics and communication engineering	S. Poornachandra Rao&B. Sasikala			2003	Vikas Pub. House						ZZZ000000
9788125923428	Industrial Relations And Personnel Management, 2E	Simon A George M V Pylee		Handling Of Raw Human Material And Converting It Into A Useful Resource For The Society And Dealing With Illiterate Or Semi-Literate Working Classes Is An Arduous Task. Human Engineering Requires Deep Understanding Of Human Psychology And Human Problems.Industrial Relations Comprises Topics Like Labour Relations, Personnel Management, Trade Unionism, Role Of The Middle Management, All Issues Relating To Employment, Safety, Rights And Obligations Of Workers, And Settlement Of Disputes. The Book Fully Discusses All These Topics.The Second Edition Includes A New Section On Hrd That Covers Everything Connected With All Categories Of Employees Of The Organization. Topics Included Are The Role Of Hrd In The 21St Century, Policies And Practices In Usa, Performance Appraisal System, Equality For Women Workers, The Principle Of Kaizen, And Workers  Participation In Management.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125907732	Marketing Management: Text And Cases, 1E	Rajagopal			2000-12-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706997453	Health Education: a New Approach	L Ramachandran			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125926573	Joint Ventures in International Business	Mb Rao And Manjula Guru		This Is An Era Of Aggressive Business Activity Across The Globe, With Business Flowing Not Merely From Developed Countries To The Developing But Also In The Opposite Direction. While Multinationals Continue With Their Expansion Plans, India Inc Is On A Global Buying Spree. Triggered By The Government s Favourable Attitude Towards Foreign Direct Investment, International Business Is Expanding In All Spheres, Even Collaborating In R&D And Getting A Foothold In The Defence Industry. Grant Of Tax Holiday, Accelerated Depreciation And Investment Allowances, And Development-Oriented Fiscal Policy In General, Have Encouraged International Business To Move In Through Joint Ventures. This Book Discusses The Methodology Of Entering Into Joint Ventures And Its Consequences. The Focus Is On Various Issues, How International Business Moves In To Form Jvs, The Terms And Conditions Under Which The Agreements For Investment Of Capital, Provision Of Goods Or Services Are Entered Into, As Also The Problems Of Protection Of Fdi Against Expropriation By Host Countries. It Also Highlights The Tax Implications Of Investment Decisions, And Exemptions Available Thereon, To The Two Enterprises And Their Countries. Indian Law On Intellectual Property Rights, Foreign Exchange Management Act, And The Company Law Applicable To Foreign Companies Are Also Dealt With. In The End The Book Throws Light On The Actual Working Of Indian Joint Ventures.	2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125904854	Hospital And Clinical Pharmacy, 3E	K Sampath			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125914761	Marketing Research & Consumer Behaviour, 1E	S Sumathi&P Saravanavel			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125909521	MS Office 2000 for Everyone	S. Saxena			2000-12-11	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125910510	Government And Business, 6E	N K Sengupta			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706995718	A Textbook of Physical Chemistry	K K Sharma			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125914426	Rural Marketing : Focus On Agricultural Inputs, 1E	S Singh			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706985252	A Textbook Of Comparative Education, 6E	T S Sodhi			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125918578	A Textbook Of Organic Chemistry, 3E	Asha Viswas			2009	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125921806	Macroeconomic Theory, 13E	M C Vaish		The Thirteenth Edition Of This Popular Book Is A Thoroughly Revised Work That Incorporates The Latest Available Literature On The Subject. The Concepts Have Been Organized And Presented In A Graded And Logical Manner For Easy Understanding. A New Chapter On Monetary Policy And Inflation Targeting  Has Been Added, And The Concepts Of Green Net National Product  And Supply-Side Economics  Have Been Introduced. Several Other Chapters Have Also Been Significantly Augmented With Latest And Up-To-Date Information. Many Old Diagrams Have Been Redrawn To Facilitate Clearer Grasping Of Difficult Concepts. The Language Continues To Be Simple For Easy Comprehension Of The Concepts.	2009	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9780706986822	Modern Political Theory	S. P. Varma			1999-01-04	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						POL000000
9780706987645	Principles Of Teaching English, 1E	S Venkateswaran			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125924098	Engineering Physics, 2E	G Vijayakumari			2009-11-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788125913634	Knowledge Management	Sudhir Warier		V. P. H. P.	2003-03-01	Vikas Publishing House Pvt Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788182811638	Consumer Behaviour & Advertising Management	Datta D				Vrinda Publications N Delhi						ZZZ000000
9788182811355	Business Ethics : Text & Cases	Ghosh P K				Vrinda Publications N Delhi						ZZZ000000
9788182811652	Advanced Economic Theory 13th Edition	M L Jhingan				Vrinda Publications N Delhi						ZZZ000000
9788182811140	Environmental Economics:Theory,Management & Policy	Jhingan M L				Vrinda Publications N Delhi						ZZZ000000
9788182812895	Accounting For Managers	Mohammed Arif Pasha				Vrinda Publications (p) Ltd						ZZZ000000
9788187125433	Cost Accounting	Rao V S P				Vrinda Publications N Delhi						ZZZ000000
9788126512812	LEADERSHIP WITHOUT BORDERS	Ed Cohen		Leadership Without Borders goes beyond theories of management to provide a solid foundation of practical and detailed guidelines and insights from those leaders who are already at the cutting edge in today s borderless business environment. The book presents information on successful strategies from world-class leaders who discuss the art and science of global leadership, transitioning to a global mindset, people strategies, enterprise risk strategies, and change leadership. The New Global Frontier Global Leadership Characteristics Global Business Acumen Worldview Global People Leadership Global Business Leadership Artistry and Science of Global Leadership Satyam, The Creation of a Global Company Transitioning to a Global Mindset Booz Allen Hamilton's Global People Strategy Global Risk Strategies Vodafone Change Leadership Managing your Global Leadership Development Concluding Insights	2007	Wiley-India						BUS071000
9788177227222	Sql Server 2005 Black Book: New Ed (With Cd)	Patrick Dalton&Paul Whitehead & Kogent Solutions I		The book opens the toolbox and raises the hood to show you how to use the full power of SQL Server 2005 in your enterprise-level development or support efforts. It will help you leverage the full potential of relational database technology to create a state-of-art database solution with Reporting Services. This comprehensive reference will help experienced developers and administrators learn the new SQL Server 2005 quickly and easily. It covers the entire spectrum of Structured Query Language (SQL) - from syntax to common language runtime (CLR) to a detailed overview of SQL Sever tools; from Management studio to Business intelligence development Studio (BIDS).  Overview of SQL Server 2005 Installing and Upgrading to Microsoft SQL Server 2005 SQL Server Tools Database Design Introducing Structured Query Language (SQL) Databases in SQL Server 2005 Introducing T-SQL Introducing Cursors Stored Procedures Triggers in SQL Server 2005 Metadata in SQL Server 2005 Improving Performance Security in SQL Server 2005 Error Handling in SQL Server 2005 Integrating .NET with SQL Sevrer Replication, SMO and RMO Implementing Integration Services Bulk Copy Program in SQL Server XML in SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services in SQL Server 2005 SQL Server Analysis Services Notification Services in SQL Server 2005 Service Broker in SQL Server 2005	2007-01-12	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788126515646	APPLIED ECONOMETRIC TIME SERIES, 2ND ED	Walter Enders		Assuming only a basic understanding of multiple regression analysis, Walter Enders's accessible introduction to time-series analysis shows how to develop models capable of forecasting, interpreting, and testing hypotheses concerning economic data using modern techniques. This book reflects recent advances in time-series econometrics, such as out-of-sample forecasting techniques, nonlinear time-series models, Monte Carlo analysis, and bootstrapping. Numerous examples from fields ranging from agricultural economics to transnational terrorism illustrate various techniques. Difference Equations  Stationary Time-Series Models  Modeling Volatility  Models With Trend  Multi-equation Time-Series Models  Co-integration And Error-Correction Models  Nonlinear Time-Series Models	2008	Wiley-India						ZZZ000000
9788126512669	Fundamentals Of Modern Manufacturing: Materials Processes, And Systems, 2Nd Ed	Mikell P. Groover		The Fundamentals of Modern Manufacturing - Materials, Processes and Systems continues to present a modern, all-inclusive look at manufacturing processes. Its coverage is strategically divided-65% concerned with manufacturing process technologies, 35% dealing with engineering materials and production systems. Material Properties, Product Attributes Engineering Materials Solidification Processes Particulate Processing For Metals And Ceramics Metal Forming And Sheet Metalworking Material Removal Processes Properties Enhancing And Surface Processing Operations Joining And Assembly Processes Special Processing And Assembly Technologies Manufacturing Systems Support Functions In Manufacturing	2007	Wiley-India						ZZZ000000
9788126515417	ADOBE PREMIERE PRO CS3 BIBLE (With CD)	Adele Droblas&Seth Greenberg		This book is a totally revised and enhanced version to cover the major new upgrade to the overall leading desktop digital video application. It is packed with tutorials, tips, and tricks. This is the authoritative and comprehensive guide to creating, editing, and outputting digital video to DVD, CD-ROM, the Web, or videotape. The book guides the readers towards creating special effects using Premiere and After Effects, Encore, and other software; how to integrate narration, music, and sound effects with moving images; and how to create digital video productions from movies shot on a camcorder. It comes fully equipped with a CD-ROM that is loaded with video-based tutorials, a library of usable video clips and sample effects, useful video filters and utilities, and software tryouts. Getting Started With Premiere Pro  Editing With Premiere Pro  Working With Type And Graphics  Advanced Techniques And Special Effects  Outputting Digital Video  Premiere Pro And Beyond  Appendixes	2007	Wiley-India						ZZZ000000
9789350040539	Tally.Erp 9 In Simple Steps	Kogent Learning Solutions Inc.			2010	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788177229165	Asp.Net 3.5 In Simple Steps	Kogent Solutions Inc		This is a book that helps you to learn ASP.NET using Visual Studio 2008. Precision, an easy-to-understanding style, real life examples in support of the concepts, and practical approach in presentation are some of the features that make the book unique in itself. The text in the book is presented in such a way that is equally helpful to beginners as well as professionals.The book covers: Basics of web programming through HTML, JavaScript and CSS Introduction to ASP.NET 3.5 Working on Visual Studio 2008 IDE using Visual Basic .NET as the programming language Working with standard controls, navigation controls, validation controls, login controls and database controls Personalizing websites using WebParts controls Providing a consistent look and feel to websites through master pages and themes Creating database-driven applications using LINQ Deploying web applications using various methods Developing .NET 3.5 based Web applications using the Silverlight and WPF technologies Introducing LastView and DataPager Controls Working with web services and WCF Services Creating applications using AJAX and AJAX Control toolkit	2009-02-09	Dreamtech Press						ZZZ000000
9788126505630	Professional PHP5	Ed Lecky-Thompson&Heow Eide-Goodman			2004	Wiley-India						ZZZ000000
9788126514847	Introductory Statistics, 5Th Ed	Prem S. Mann		Through four previous editions, Introductory Statistics has made statistics both interesting and accessible to a wide and varied audience. The realistic content of its examples and exercises, the clarity and brevity of its presentation, and the soundness of its pedagogical approach have received the highest remarks from both students and instructors.  Organizing Data  Numerical Descriptive Measures  Probability Discrete Random Variables and Their Probability Distributions  Continuous Random Variables and the Normal Distribution  Sampling Distributions  Estimation of the Mean and Proportion  Hypothesis Tests About the Mean and Proportion  Estimation and Hypothesis Testing: Two Populations  Chi-Square Tests  Analysis of Variance  Simple Linear Regression  Nonparametric Methods	2007	Wiley-India						ZZZ000000
9788126506873	Professional Ado.Net 2 Prog. With Sql Server 2005	Wallace B Mcclure&Gregory A. Beamer			2005	Wiley-India						ZZZ000000
9788126508693	SUCCESSFUL PROJECT MANAGEMENT, 4TH EDITION	Milton D Rosenau&Gregory Githens&Rosenau		The Fourth Edition of this internationally bestseller details the quick and easy way to master the basics of project management. Using a lively, conversational style, project management gurus Mickey Rosenau and Gregory Githens equip readers with fundamental principles and tested-in-the-trenches techniques for managing projects in any type of organization. They arm readers with easy-to-use tools for resolving any technical, mechanical, or personnel problem that may arise over the course of a project and break project management down into twenty-two chronological steps. Extensively revised and updated, this Fourth Edition examines the role of integration in project planning, risk-and-issues management, virtual teams, new theories, project management offices, and more! Successful Project Management, Fourth Edition is an ideal primer for students and an indispensable quick reference for experienced professionals. Defining The Goals Of A Project  Planning A Project  Leading The People Who Work On A Project  Controlling The Project  Completing A Project  Other Issues In Project Management	2006	Wiley-India						ZZZ000000
9788126514311	Ace The Gmat, Revised 2nd Ed	Brandon Royal				Wiley						ZZZ000000
9788126511860	Data Warehousing In Action	Sean Kelly		Data Warehousing in Action provides the tools to harness data and transform it into useful customized bytes of information. This book is a fully comprehensive account of how to proceed with the data warehouse project in a clear step-by-step fashion. It reviews the marketplace, the technology, the design issues, and the management issues. It includes real company experiences from research carried out in 30 countries. It focuses on the topics needed to design and implement a meaningful data warehousing architecture including: Identifying industrial applications for data warehouses; Frameworks for building a data warehouse; Choosing the right architecture and technologies; Outline methodologies for managing the project; and future proofing the design. Planning the Data Warehouse Integrating the Data--The Data Warehouse Infrastructure Exploiting the Data--The Data Warehouse Applications Looking to the Future--Next Generation Data Warehouse	2007	Wiley-India						COM021000
9788126511051	An Introduction To Computational Biochemistry	Tsai		This book provides a comprehensive introduction to biochemical principles and the skills required for applying computational tools to practical problems in biochemistry. It also details biochemical structures, enzyme reactions, metabolic simulation, genomic and proteomic analyses, and molecular modeling, as well as demonstrating the broad applications and versatility of computers for use in solving biochemical problems. Biochemistry Data: Analysis and Management Biochemical Exploration: Internet Resources Molecular Graphics: Visualization of Biomolecules Biochemical Compounds: Structure and Analysis Dynamic Biochemistry: Biomolecular Interactions Dynamic Biochemistry: Enzyme Kinetics Dynamic Biochemistry: Metabolic Simulation Genomics: Nucleotide Sequences and Recombinant DNA Genomics: Gene Identification Proteomics: Protein Sequence Analysis Proteomics: Prediction of Protein Structures Phylogenetic Analysis Molecular Modeling: Molecular Mechanics Molecular Modeling: Protein Modeling	2007	Wiley-India						SCI007000
9788126505982	Javascript For Web Developers	Nicholas C.Zakas				Wiley-India						ZZZ000000
